Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Warren Buffett's Best Stocks of 2016 So Far -- 1 Best Buy, 2 to Avoid Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway has outperformed the market so far in 2016. These eight of its largest 20 holdings are beating the market. Beth McKenna (TMFMcKenna) Oct 24, 2016 at 7:42PM Image source: The Motley Fool. Legendary investor Warren Buffett, chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B), has led the holding company to outperform the S&P 500 by an average of 11.1% from 1965 through 2015. Just one hundred dollars invested in Berkshire in 1965 would be worth $1.1 million today. Investors can get in on the Oracle of Omaha's stock-picking prowess by buying shares in Berkshire Hathaway or by buying shares of the public companies in its portfolio. At the end of the second quarter, Berkshire held shares of 44 such companies, with only 20 accounting for more than 0.5% of its total stock portfolio.  Buffet is beating the broader market so far in 2016, with Berkshire's Class A shares (the super-pricey ones) and B shares (the ones most investors would buy) up 9.4% and 9.2%, respectively, compared with the S&P 500's 6.2% total return. The following eight of Berkshire's largest 20 public holdings have outperformed the broader market so far in 2016. Rank   Company           Market Cap                     Weight Within Berkshire Portfolio (at end of Q2) Dividend Yield 2016 YTD Total Return                10-Year Total Return 1 The Kraft Heinz Company  $107.8B 22.2% 3.3% 24.3% N/A* 2 Deere & Company  $27.2B 1.4% 2.8% 15.8% 144% 3 IBM  $147.6B 9.5% 3.5% 15.5% 122% 4 Wal-Mart Stores  $211.7B 2.3% 2.9% 14.1% 78.4% 5 Apple  $633.8B 1.1% 1.9% 13.7% 1,100% 6 Verizon Communications  $205B 0.64% 4.5% 13.7% 122% 7 Moody's Corp.  $20.6B 1.8% 1.4% 8% 95.8% 8 Visa  $194.7B 0.58% 0.7% 6.9% N/A**   Berkshire Hathaway Overall $355.7B / $355.5B  --   9.4% / 9.2%  119% / 119%    S&P 500     2.07%  6.2% 93.6% Data sources: SEC filing and YCharts. Market caps and return data to Oct. 14. * Kraft Heinz began trading on July 6, 2015; it's returned 26.8% since then vs. the S&P 500's 6%. **Visa began trading in March 2008; it's returned 519% since then vs. the S&P 500's 98%.    Warren Buffett's best-performing stocks to avoid First up is Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT). While the discount retailer's financial performance and stock-price performance have perked up in 2016, there's no reason to believe, in my opinion, that the stock will beat the market again over any significant period. Quite simply, Amazon.com has been eating Wal-Mart's lunch, as folks increasingly embrace not only online shopping, but online shopping at Amazon in particular.  For the first six months of calendar year 2016 (Wal-Mart's fiscal 2017), the retailer's revenue edged up 0.7% as reported and 3.4% in constant currency from the year-ago period. Meanwhile, its operating income for this period declined 2.6% as reported and 0.1% in constant currency, and adjusted earnings per share declined nearly 3%.  For the full year, analysts expect revenue to increase 1%, but adjusted EPS to fall 5.4%.  Most buy-and-hold investors should also pass on agricultural equipment titan Deere & Company (NYSE:DE). Its returns listed in the chart conceal the fact that it's an extremely volatile cyclical stock, meaning its fortunes are largely tied to the macroeconomic environment. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but making money in such stocks even over the long haul depends a lot upon the timing of your buys. In fact, Deere's price is still lower than it was at its all-time high about eight years ago. Moreover, the company continues to struggle -- year-over-year revenue and earnings per share dropped 8% and nearly 25%, respectively, in the first half of 2016 -- because agricultural industry fundamentals remain weak.   Warren Buffett's best-performing stocks worth buying What stocks are worth buying largely depends upon your primary objective. Verizon, IBM, and Kraft Heinz -- with their 4.5%, 3.5%, and 3.3% dividend yields -- are solid choices for income-seeking investors. Visa is an attractive choice for investors most focused on stock-price appreciation. Its recent acquisition of its Visa Europe unit should help bolster its competitive position against MasterCard, while its recent deal with online-payments giant PayPal provides additional growth potential. Under this deal, PayPal will promote Visa as a payment option and stop encouraging customers to link bank accounts rather than using Visa cards as funding choices.  The best buy for most investors from a long-term total return basis (stock-price appreciation + dividend yield), however, is Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).  Apple Image source: Apple. Buffet bought an initial stake in Apple in the first quarter and came back for more shares in the second quarter. He obviously saw value in this humongous long-term winner, with its share price down from its all-time high set in early 2015.  Apple's stock is down more than 12% from its all-time high, as of Oct. 21. It had been down even more, but it's had a nice run-up in price over the past quarter thanks largely to posting better-than-expected fiscal third-quarter results, the positive buzz surrounding last month's launch of the iPhone 7, and rival Samsung's halting production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone earlier this month after several phones overheated and caught on fire. The core reason behind Apple stock's recent struggles is simple: The company's revenue has been declining because quarterly year-over-year sales of the iPhone have been declining -- and the iconic smartphone accounts for about two-thirds of the company's top line. Falling revenue has hurt profit growth, as is typical. With Apple's stock trading at a reasonable 13.1 times forward earnings, there are reasons to believe that the market is providing long-term-focused investors with a buying opportunity. Apple is a company with "innovation" programmed into its genes. Granted, co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs had a huge part in this, but no leader of a company of any significant size is fully responsible for its success. Couple the company's creative chops and cult-like following with its status as a cash-generating machine – it currently has $62.6 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet – and it seems reasonable to assume that the iPhone won't be Apple's last huge winner. Apple's had modest success with its Apple Watch, but the fast-growing wearables category is still relatively new, so there's surely more growth opportunity here. Moreover, Apple is reportedly working on developing technology for a driverless car, and it wouldn't surprise me if it made a big splash in the nascent virtual-reality market in the near future. There will never be a shortage of new technologies ripe for a company like Apple to wrap in consumer-friendly packages to help drive mass consumer adoption, as it did with the smartphone. Beth McKenna has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), and Visa. The Motley Fool is short John Deere and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Moody's and Verizon Communications. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Beth McKenna (TMFMcKenna) Article Info Oct 24, 2016 at 7:42PM Financials Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $106.74 up $1.03 (0.97%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.82 up $0.33 (0.47%) John Deere NYSE:DE $90.93 down $0.69 (-0.75%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $234,672.00 down $-1,978.00 (-0.84%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $156.47 down $-1.46 (-0.92%) Read More Berkshire Hathaway Earnings Preview: What You Should Know 3 Valuable Lessons from Warren Buffett’s Portfolio Is Warren Buffett Abandoning Wells Fargo? Warren Buffett's 2 Worst Stocks of 2016 So Far Is Warren Buffett Quietly Selling His Stake in Wells Fargo? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More 2 men charged with murder after teen shot at Jacksonville Walmart by: Brittney Donovan, Action News Jax Updated: Oct 25, 2016 - 6:51 AM Twtter JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Two men are charged with the murder of a 19-year-old who was shot in the parking lot of a Jacksonville Walmart. Michael Wayne Carter II, 21, turned himself in Monday night four hours after officers asked for the public's help in finding him. Related Headlines Surveillance video shows chaos on night of mass shooting in Northwest… Couple accused of kicking out adopted children after winning home makeover 3 killed after shooter opens fire on young mom, 3 children in car in… His accomplice, 18-year-old D'andre Cohen, was arrested last week in connection with the murder of Peter Perez-Corona. NEW MUG: Michael Carter, 21, turned himself in four hours after officers asked for the public's help in finding him https://t.co/rGp8ieBZfs pic.twitter.com/4BnHR5HfbC — ActionNewsJax (@ActionNewsJax) October 25, 2016 Police said Perez-Corona and two people came to the Walmart near Regency on Tuesday night to sell someone they didn't know marijuana. Cohen and Carter showed up to the Walmart without the agreed upon amount of money, police said. Police said Cohen came up to the car Perez-Corona was inside, pulled a gun and tried to rob them. Both suspects in murder of Jacksonville 19-year-old shot at Walmart now in custody. Details: https://t.co/rGp8ieBZfs pic.twitter.com/0Nn328q54j — ActionNewsJax (@ActionNewsJax) October 24, 2016 Police said Perez-Corona got out of the car to try and stop Cohen and was shot in the face. Cohen and Carter fled the Walmart. People who were with Perez-Corona when he was shot identified Cohen as the shooter from a photo spread. He was arrested on October 20.  D’andre Cohen arrested for Peter Perez-Corona's murder after witnesses of shooting at Walmart IDed him from photos https://t.co/rGp8ieBZfs pic.twitter.com/B2FurKQRba — ActionNewsJax (@ActionNewsJax) October 24, 2016 Perez-Corona died from his injuries the next day and Cohen's attempted murder charge was upgraded to murder. After Cohen's arrest, police identified Carter as the second suspect. Download the Action News Jax News app and First Alert Weather app © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter 2 men charged with murder after teen shot at Jacksonville Walmart Surveillance video shows chaos on night of mass shooting in Northwest… Ministers encourage people to come forward in deadly mass shooting in… Woman killed, man critically injured in Middleburg crash, deputies say Jacksonville City Council to talk about deadly mass shooting;… News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Chatham, ON 13° A few clouds Sponsored by: BOBS MOTORSPORT Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion UR Contests Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Weather Become A Carrier Playoff Pool More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Woman wants to warn others about unsolicited mailing after talking to local businesses that know nothing about so-called offer By Vicki Gough, Chatham Daily News Monday, October 24, 2016 4:07:58 EDT PM This is a photocopy of a card received in a residential mail box in Chatham on Friday claiming the recipient was entitled to $100 in gasoline if the reward was claimed by Nov. 7, 2016 with a payment of $1.95 on a personal debit or credit card. (Handout/Chatham Daily News) Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error When Carol Evans Henley picked up her mail at her Chatham residence Friday, she was surprised to find a card indicating she qualified for $100 in free gas. The mailing instructed her to call 1-844-889-3329 by Nov. 7, 2016 to claim her prize. When she spoke to an agent, she was told she would also receive $500 in free groceries at "Superstore or Canadian Tire." But, there was a catch. "They said I had to pay $1.95 on any debit card or credit card or Walmart card," Evans Henley told The Chatham Daily News Monday. She offered to send a cheque for $1.95, which was turned down. "They said they needed a credit, debit or Walmart number immediately to claim the prize ... or I would lose it," she said. Since Evans Henley doesn't give out her personal banking information over the telephone, four different agents tried a multitude of tactics, she said. "The first guy said the calls were recorded and he would not cheat me. "A second guy I spoke to gave me a different (company) name. "The third guy told me he was from Walmart Superstore," Evans Henley said. During the conversations, she heard background noise making her believe the toll free number had connected her to a large call centre. The mailing stated she was one of only 40 people who qualified for this offer. A fourth agent insisted the notice was sent on behalf of "Reward Centre of Walmart and Shopping Discounts.ca," she said. "Oddly, I have no account with these people," Evans Henley said. After contacting her local Walmart, Canadian Tire and Great Canadian Superstore, she confirmed none of the companies made any such offer. "I talked to several of my neighbours and no one else received this mailing," she said. "I think it's a fraud ... I sent the card with a statement to Chatham-Kent police. "I want to warn the public about this," she added. "This woman did the right thing by first of all realizing that she didn’t even have a rewards card with any of these companies," said Const. Renee Cowell. "Scammers prey on your emotions and try to illicit a quick response before you have a chance to think it through," Cowell added. She said receiving mail that you have won a prize, or in this case qualified for free gas, happens more often than one might think. "The Chatham-Kent Police Service would like to remind everyone that the mail system is a common way for fraudsters to initiate contact with potential victims," Cowell said. Law enforcement agencies urge people to report scams to the Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre (CAFC). The centre has reported receiving information on over 25 different types of scams where contact is made through the mail. Cowell said there are never any fees or taxes to be paid in Canada "if you have truly won a prize." For more information on the CAFC visit: www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/index-eng.htm.   vgough@postmedia.com       Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Computers Geek4Cheap Finance Credit Bureau Collection Services​ Services Party Planners Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with Chatham Daily News Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions Chatham View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow Chatham Daily News Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Curling Golf Lacrosse Motorsports Other Sports Playoff Pool Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Contests Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Weather Become A Carrier Playoff Pool Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print Chatham Daily News Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2016 Chatham Daily News. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
GoSearch Replay: Eye Opener CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener CW Express Yourself Model Search Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 75° 75° Low 55° High 83° Wed 60° 85° Thu 62° 79° Fri 44° 65° See complete forecast Walmart Pulls ‘Suicide Scar’ Make-Up After Mental Health Outcry Posted 2:12 pm, October 24, 2016, by Jennifer Shrum, Updated at 02:27pm, October 24, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email How far is too far when it comes to Halloween costumes? We’re used to seeing victims of tragic accidents, violent events in history, paranormal attacks, and even poor judgment; the blood and gore get more realistic with every passing year. But Walmart may have gone too far this time, at least according to those who think suicide scar and wound accessories are crossing the line. The fake scars were part of Walmart’s massive Halloween make-up collection of latex applications intended to look like everything from vampire bat attacks (that old trick of putting two red dots on your neck went out with the 20th century) to the modern day zombie apocalypse. But those events are nothing compared to what’s scaring some mental health advocates. Walmart.com’s ‘Razor Blade Suicide Scar Wound Latex Costume Make Up’ portrayed someone holding up a razor blade to fresh cuts on a forearm. You know, the kind of injuries people in deep depression or despair sometimes create on the worst days of their loved ones’ lives. Scarymommy.com posted ‘Hey Walmart, Suicide Is Not a Costume,’ telling the retail giant suicide is neither a joke or a costume: “Apparently Wal-Mart thinks suicide’s a joke. This year, their Halloween store is selling a latex prosthetic of slit wrists called ‘Razor Blade Suicide Scar Wound Latex Costume Make Up.’ The photo featured in the ad shows the deep wounds, two in number. But there’s more: The product listing not only shows the prosthetic, it depicts a suicide attempt. Poised at the end of one of the slashes is a hand holding a razor blade — not included in costume. Its occasion is listed as ‘Party.'” A petition on Change.org called for Walmart to drop the item from its inventory and, apparently, Walmart listened. ‘Razor Blade Suicide Scar Wound Latex Costume Make Up’ was removed completely from the website, with Walmart issuing this statement: “This costume is appalling and it was unacceptable for a third-party seller to list it on our marketplace. It clearly violated our prohibited items policy and we removed it when it was brought to our attention.” However, other vendors have kept the product, saying there’s nothing wrong with it — it’s just that Walmart did a poor job of describing it. Oh. THAT was the problem. Totally Costumes produces the product, according to The Mighty, and issued this statement to the site: “Upon inspection we see that Walmart has listed the item incorrectly, making it highly offensive; but rest assured, the product is not listed this way on our direct site, or any other channel we use. We have put in a ticket with the Walmart Catalog team to have the item name and description of the listing modified right away. We are not sure why Walmart has it titled the way they do.” Totally Costumes must feel confident, because they still have a ‘Slash Wound Prosthetic Appliance,’ currently with the description, “Give your costume a look so realistic that it seems scary real.” The Mighty earlier reported the product was listed as ‘Slashed Wrists Prosthetic Appliance’ with the description, “Give your costume a look so realistic that it seems suicidal.” At least they are practicing what they preach, cleaning up the “highly offensive” and sticking to happier things, like “memorable special effects to your undead corpse, zombie or scary Halloween costume.”   Related stories Haunted Carwash in Arlington Offers Soapy Scares 6 Of The Worst Treats Given On Halloween By People Who Hate Fun Woman Carrying Human Skull On Stick Leads Police To Remains Filed in: Watercooler Topics: controversy, Halloween, mental health Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email How Do You Express Yourself? CW33 wants to tell your story! So click here and show us how you express yourself! Popular ‘Bye, Trump Lover!’ Mom Kicks Son Out for Voting Trump at School Mark Cuban for President! Slain Dallas Officer’s Father Sues Black Lives Matter Kayla Gomez: Tangled Web of Lies Led to Uncle’s Arrest Latest News Mystery Woman Delivering Half-Eaten Pizzas to Strangers’ Homes #WalkWithWalnut: Hundreds Join 18-Year-Old Dog For Bittersweet Final Walk On the Beach Team Arrow Faces Off With Prometheus And Gets Ready To Encounter The Vigilante, AKA Ski Goggles! Iowa Lawmaker Targets Anti-Trump Protesters With ‘Suck It Up, Buttercup’ Bill Health National/World News 5-Year-Old Faces Halloween One Year After Tragic Pumpkin Lighting Accident Watercooler 12 Texas-Inspired Costumes That Took It Just A Little Too Far NewsFix Fashion Fix: Don’t be Basic this Halloween, Go Vintage! NewsFix Could Sports-Related Stress Literally Break Your Heart? Watercooler 5 Things Friday: What Are You Doing This Halloween Weekend in DFW? NewsFix Meet the Adorable Superheroes of Texas Health Fort Worth’s NICU NewsFix Local Costume Store Owner is “Excited About The Clown Phenomenon” Watercooler 25 DFW Halloween Photos That Show How Crazy We Can Get During October NewsFix Day of the Dead Halloween Costumes: Cultural Appropriation or Good Fun? Watercooler Is There Anything Cuter Than These Tiny NICU Babies in Halloween Costumes National/World News Target Removes Scary Clown Masks From Stores NewsFix Trick Or Treatment? Colleges Schooling Students On Costume Etiquette National/World News Woman Says Ex-Boyfriend Tried to Rip Her Tongue Out During Brutal Attack Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2016, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BevNET Register Login Account Logout Search News Top News Videos Newswire Supplier News Project NOSH Brewbound Best of Awards Spirits & Mixers Submit News Reviews Featured Reviews Browse By Category View All Submit Product For Review Podcast Events BevNET Live Winter 2016 Full List of 2016 Events Past Events Jobs Job Listings Post a Job School Magazine Directories Marketplace / Classified Ads Supplier Finder Database BevNET Industry Guides Sign In Facebook Twitter More Networks Mobile Navigation High Performance Sports Drink To Debut New Flavor Press Release Oct. 24, 2016 at 2:19 pm More CAVE CREEK, AZ–(Marketwired – Oct 19, 2016) – High Performance Beverage Co. (OTC PINK: TBEV) (the “Company”) is pleased to announce plans for its first U.S. production run of the High Performance Beverage Sports Drink in its new lemon/lime flavor. After several months of working with Allen Flavors and various focus groups in order to perfect its new flavor, the Company believes it has the long awaited lemon/lime product ready to be tasted by consumers. The Company plans on manufacturing 120,000 bottles in its first lemon/lime production run. The date for manufacturing has been slated to begin November 28, 2016. The Company most recently met with Walmart at their corporate office on October 05, 2016. The Company was very happy with Walmart’s reception of their sports drink. At this time, the Company is working on meeting specific criteria presented by Walmart that will afford the Company the best chance of success while mitigating potential risks due to an initial lack of retail brand awareness. The Company expects to meet its criteria over the next several weeks and looks forward to establishing a mutually beneficial relationship with Walmart for retail sales throughout the U.S. Additionally, as reported previously, High Performance Beverage signed an exclusive License Agreement with Pro Prom Mexico for production, marketing, distribution and sales of its High Performance Beverage Sports Drink in Mexico, and Central & South America. The Company is pleased to announce that an agreement has been finalized for the bottler in Mexico and Pro Prom is now awaiting final Mexican government permitting from the National Agro-Alimentary Health, Safety and Quality Service (SENASICA) and the Federal Commission for Protection from Sanitary Risks (COFEPRIS) in order to begin its first production run. This is the last phase of necessary documentation and Pro Prom believes the final permitting is imminent. Pro Prom will also be handling distribution, marketing and sales to Walmart Mexico (WALMEX). Toby McBride, High Performance Beverage CEO, stated, “We are very pleased to announce our next production run and the introduction of our latest lemon/lime flavor.” He also stated, “Our primary focus has now shifted to U.S. distribution and sales while also meeting certain criteria for sales to Walmart. We are cautiously optimistic with several upcoming meetings and hope to update shareholders on our plans to have our product on east coast and west coast retail shelves over the next several weeks.” To purchase High Performance Sports Drink on Amazon Go to: https://www.amazon.com/Performance-Punch-16-Ounce-Pack/dp/B014Q64HEI About Pro Prom ProProm Mexico with offices in Mexico City DF, Monterrey Mexico and Guadalajara Mexico, is a 20 year old company specializing in the deployment and marketing of new products through the aggressive market penetration of new brands through their abilities to elevate brands with dedication, intensity, professionalism and the overall synergy they create when bringing a product to market. Most notably, ProProm was instrumental with the introduction and success of the Gatorade brand in Mexico. To date, ProProm has successfully completed 450 projects with over 200 satisfied clients netting 30 award winning campaigns. Currently, ProProm represents 200 brands including Jelly Belly, Canada Beef, Oleico, Unifoods and Perfect Choice. Pro Prom Corporate Website: www.proprom.com About High Performance Beverage Company High Performance Beverage Company has created a new beverage segment under the trade name High Performance Beverages which manufactures and distributes a line of sport performance drinks. High Performance Beverage Company’s sport performance drinks are carefully formulated to support mental focus and help increase blood flow, thereby giving the body the necessary fuel to power through a specific event or throughout the day. Our unique blends are designed to bridge the gap between supplements, energy and hydration drinks, ultimately broadening our appeal and providing access to an expanding target market. High Performance beverages are sugar free and extremely low in calories and caffeine. This positioning makes High Performance Beverage Co. sport drinks first to market with a sustainable competitive advantage. High Performance Beverage Corporate Website: http://bev.highperformancebeverage.com www.hpbev.net Safe Harbor This release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements appear in a number of places in this release and include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of High Performance Beverage Company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) financing plans; (ii) trends affecting its financial condition or results of operations; (iii) growth strategy and operating strategy. The words “may,” “would,” “will,” “expect,” “estimate,” “can,” “believe,” “potential” and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond High Performance Beverage Company’s ability to control, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. More information about the potential factors that could affect the business and financial results is and will be included in High Performance Beverage Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. CONTACT INFORMATION High Performance Beverage Co. Public Relations and Shareholder Information Joseph M. Vazquez III Phone: (800) 767-9396 Email: infinityglobalconsulting@gmail.com Latest News Kombucha Study Raises Sugar Content Questions Press Clips: Hain Celestial Sues St. Louis’s BluePrint Coffee Review: Gatorade Organic Marketplace Bushwacker Lager Beer View All|Post a Listing Featured Jobs Head Brewer - Humperdink's - Dallas (NW HWY... Distillery General Manager - Bently Heritage, L... Craft Beer Sales Representative - Delta Pacific... District Sales Manager - Southern California - ... Director of Process Engineering - Ballast Point... Director of Process Engineering - Ballast Point... View All Jobs|Post a Job Additional News BevNET Live Winter 2016 Agenda Is Now Available Podcast: Why Investors Love Brands Focused on Systematic Change Celsius Posts Record Q3 Revenues Distribution Roundup: Detoxwater Expands Nationally; Costco Adds Bundaberg in the Northwest Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter Recent Articles Features Newswire Spirits Beer Kombucha Study Raises Sugar Content Questions Press Clips: Hain Celestial Sues St. Louis’s BluePrint Coffee Review: Gatorade Organic Data, Investment, and More! Check Out the BevNET Live Santa Monica Agenda BevNET Podcast Ep. 34: Investors Love Brands Focused on Systematic Change. Here’s Why. Celsius Posts Record Q3 Revenues Distribution Roundup: Detoxwater Expands Nationally; Costco Adds Bundaberg in the Northwest High Performance Announces New Distribution In Four States BiPro Sign Triathletes Kristen Kasper and Taylor Spivey Detoxwater Announces Distribution Expansion Tinley Launches Hemplify Energy Shot Life Support Announces Record Growth In 2016 Bundaberg Ginger Beer Now Distributed at Costco Stores in the Northwest ERO Energy Shot Focuses on Branched-Chain Amino Acids MGP Announces Acquisition of George Remus Whiskey Brand Old Elk Distillery Launches, Introduces Dry Town Vodka and Dry Town Gin Mulholland Distilling Launches with Signature Whiskey, Vodka and Gin West Cork Distillers Announces A Limited Release Of Three 12-Year Old, Cask Finished Collection Irish Whiskeys Gray Wolf Craft Distilling Launches Lone Single Malt Vodka Blackwater Distilling Introduces Sloop Betty Caramel Vodka Berkshire Mountain Distillers and Samuel Adams Releasing Collaboration Whiskey After Four Years Ale Asylum Releases Holiday Variety Pack in Wisconsin and Illinois Executives Discuss High End Beer Segment at Beer Insights Seminar Nantahala Brewing Releasing Midnight Topher Espresso-Style Stout Bruery Terreux Announces Frederick H. Newest Year-Round Beer ThirstyBear and Beers Made By Walking Collaborate on Costal IPA Distribution Roundup: Upland Sours Land in Boston; Forbidden Root Hits Ohio and Florida Stone Releases Ripper, a San Diego Pale Ale with an Aussie Accent Summit Closes Out 30th Anniversary Beer Series with English-Style Barleywine Ale Wyze Temp Plus Brewer’s Kit Offers Wireless Temperature Sensors for Brewhouses New Belgium Announces Distribution in Massachusetts in 2017 Upslope Brewing Releases 2016 Seasonal Christmas Ale Ex-Surly Employees to Open Barrel Theory Beer Company Karl Strauss and Taylor Guitars Collaborate on 614 Farmhouse Ale Release for San Diego Beer Week Angry Orchard Releases First American Collaboration Cider, Understood in Motion 01, with Eden Specialty Cider Right Brain Brewery Debuts 2016 CEO Stout Boardroom Series Long Beard Brewery Releases Label Designs for New Line of Beers Alfa Laval Promises Up to 80% Energy Savings with Gentle Agitation Ska Brewing Offers Dementia Bourbon Barrel-Aged Euphoria Pale Ale High Water Brewing Company Releases 2017 Product Calendar Colorado Craft Beer Groups Vote to Merge View All|Submit News Upcoming Events BevNET Live Winter 2016 Santa Monica, CA • Dec 5 - 6, 2016 Early Registration Open Brewbound Session San Diego 2016 San Diego, CA • Dec. 1, 2016 Early Registration Open Beverage Industry Jobs Assistant Brewer - Better Booch Distillery General Manager - Bently Heritage, LLC Area Sales Manager - Southern California - Chameleon Cold Brew District Sales Manager - Southern California - Chameleon Cold Brew View All|Post a Job BevNET.com BevNET.com Contact Advertise / Media Kit Event Sponsorship Submit News Submit Product Contact Us Follow Newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Resources BevNET About BevNET BevNET Live BevNET Magazine Project NOSH Brewbound Navigate Beverage News Free Newsletter Industry Events Beverage Jobs Tradeshow Photos BevBoard Forums © 1996 – 2016 BevNET.com® Follow Us: Free E-Newsletters: BevNET Daily Project NOSH (Natural Food) Brewbound.com (Craft Beer) BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry. Learn MoreSubscribe Click to View Current Issue Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development. SubscribeRecent Issues The BevNET Podcast is a weekly podcast that explores current trends and news from the food and beverage industries. Learn MoreGet on iTunes
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Starting today, you can no longer use a Visa card at Walmart’s Manitoba stores The retail giant plans to phase Visa out of all 400 Canadian stores eventually, claiming its fees are too high. Walmart says it pays more than $100 million a year in credit card fees and wants to reduce Visa transaction costs.   (Ryan Remiorz / THE CANADIAN PRESS)   By Aleksandra SaganThe Canadian Press Mon., Oct. 24, 2016 The dispute between Walmart Canada and Visa over merchant fees escalated Monday as the retail giant stopped accepting the credit card at its 16 stores in Manitoba. Walmart first refused Visa credit cards at its three stores in Thunder Bay, Ont., in mid-July, arguing that the financial services firm charges high fees to merchants. Alex Roberton, a spokesman for Walmart, said the company pays more than $100 million a year in credit card fees and is focused on reducing Visa transaction costs. Roberton said the impact of its policy on customers in Thunder Bay has been minimal, adding that the stores have seen an increase in cash and debit payments. Walmart announced in June that it would expand its phase-out of Visa at all of its Canadian stores — more than 400 — though Roberton said it hasn’t determined which stores will be next. Article Continued Below Visa spokeswoman Carla Hindman said Walmart’s action to further limit Visa acceptance in Canada is disappointing. Visa has said it offered Walmart one of the lowest rates for any merchant in the country, but Walmart wanted fees that would have been lower than those charged to local grocery markets, pharmacies, convenience stores, charities and schools. Despite the dispute, both companies say they are committed to working out a solution. The Retail Council of Canada, which represents businesses including Walmart, has said the average merchant fee of 1.5 per cent charged by Visa and MasterCard is higher than rates charged in other countries. The council has called on the federal government to intervene and lower fees for all merchants. The Finance Department said it is assessing the merchant fees to determine whether the costs and benefits of credit card transactions are appropriate. The review will take into account factors including the impact of Visa and MasterCard’s recent voluntary fee reductions, the adoption of a code of conduct for the country’s credit and debit card industry and approaches in other jurisdictions, said the department. Read more about: Walmart The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 11°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Now serving, the ‘Sweety,’ a Nutella burger, at McDonald’s, in Italy Patrons may be relieved to learn that no meat is included in the ‘Sweety con Nutella.’ News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Corporate America Loves Solar Energy Household companies like Target, Apple, and Walmart are some of the biggest solar customers in the U.S. today. Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Oct 24, 2016 at 12:15PM The decision to install solar panels can be driven by factors like a desire to use clean energy or an interest in becoming more self-sufficient when it comes to electricity. But when large companies choose to go solar, they're doing so based on the dollars and cents of the investment. You may not know if the Target or Walmart store you're shopping at has solar, but if it does, it's saving the company money. And today, U.S. corporations are installing solar energy rapidly as a way to save millions of dollars.  Some corporate solar installations provide both energy and shade for customers, like this one. Image source: SunPower. Corporate America loves solar The Solar Energy Industries Association recently released its Solar Means Business 2016 report, and it showed a big increase in the amount of solar energy on corporate rooftops. There's now over 1 GW of solar for corporate customers, enough to power 193,000 homes. Target led the way with 147.5 MW, with 70 MW installed so far in 2016, while Walmart is using 145.0 MW. Apple's 93.9 MW and Costco's 50.7 MW means those companies are also among the top five installers.  Seven out of ten among the top ten corporate customers have installed SunPower (NASDAQ:SPWR) solar panels, reflecting the company's corporate focus. SolarCity (NASDAQ:SCTY), meanwhile, has Walmart as a major customer.  One incredible stat from the report is that more than three quarters of the commercial solar installations and half of the capacity are at data centers. Large data centers are often buildings with flat roofs, perfect for solar energy, and they're energy hogs. So offsetting some, or all, of the energy consumption with solar on a roof or a nearby field is an attractive option.  Image source: SolarCity. How big is commercial solar today?  In the first three quarters of 2016 there was 142 MW of solar installed at corporate sites. Compared to a total of 13.9 GW expected to be installed in 2016, this is a fairly small market. But it's becoming increasingly important.  Utility-scale solar, which will be around 7.8 GW this year, is the largest segment of the solar market in general. But it's highly volatile, and 2017 will see only a small number of new projects signed and built. Commercial solar is improving in viability, and will likely be a growth market in the future.  One reason that corporate solar customers haven't traditionally been a big customer base is that it's hard to finance their installation. It may sound crazy, but it's easier to finance a residential solar project that's backed by a customer with a reliable FICO score than it is a corporate customer with anything but a stellar credit rating. Companies come and go, leaving creditors in their wake, and solar companies -- and their financers -- don't want to take the loss for companies that go out of business. Today, solar is cheap enough that companies can put systems on their balance sheets, or even take out loans to finance projects. This means the financing barrier is breaking down, opening up the market.  Who is winning in commercial solar The two companies that have put a lot of attention on commercial solar are SunPower and SolarCity. Both have installation designs built to make commercial rooftop installations cost effective and efficient.  SunPower's pitch is based more around a higher efficiency product that's able to squeeze more energy out of each square foot. In small installations, a higher efficiency can lead to lower cost per watt -- that's a big reason the company is serving so many of these customers.  Travis Hoium owns shares of Apple and SunPower. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Costco Wholesale, and SolarCity. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @TravisHoium Article Info Oct 24, 2016 at 12:15PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $106.74 up $1.03 (0.97%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.82 up $0.33 (0.47%) Target NYSE:TGT $71.45 down $0.72 (-1.00%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $150.96 down $-1.04 (-0.68%) SunPower NASDAQ:SPWR $6.96 up $0.08 (1.16%) SolarCity NASDAQ:SCTY $19.61 up $0.13 (0.67%) Read More 3 Great Stocks You Can Buy on Sale Why SunPower Corporation's Shares Plunged 12% Today 4 Red Flags in Tesla’s SolarCity Buyout Is SolarCity's Buffalo Solar Plant a Failure? Tesla Thinks So Here's Why Lithium-Ion Batteries Probably Aren't the Future of Stationary Energy Storage Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 56°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Monday, November 14, 2016 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds NewsFeed with Zuri Berry, Joe Dwinell Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Union asks court to reverse Wal-Mart trespassing order Associated Press Thursday, October 20, 2016 comments LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — A labor union that has demonstrated against Wal-Mart Stores Inc. asked the Arkansas Supreme Court on Thursday to reverse a judge's decision barring it from entering the retail giant's property for anything other than shopping. An attorney for the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union argued that the National Labor Relations Board, not the Benton County judge, should have jurisdiction over the matter. Wal-Mart had sought the order against the union and the Organization United for Respect at Wal-Mart in response to the group demonstrating and picketing at its stores over its pay and benefits. George Wiszynski, the attorney for the union, said the Bentonville-based company's trespassing complaint was nearly identical to one it had also filed with the national board. "At the end of the day, Wal-Mart relied on the same conduct for its unfair labor practice, its National Labor Relations Board charge as it does for its lawsuit," Wiszynski told justices. Wal-Mart's attorney, however, said trespassing is a state issue and was properly before the judge. "Trespass, repeated, defiant trespass absolutely is a significant state interest," Steven Wheeless told justices. "Second, there is no risk of interference between a state court hearing a trespass claim and a labor board hearing about a labor violation that arose during the trespass." Wal-Mart sued the union over the demonstrations, which it said has included "flash mobs" where demonstrators have banged on pots and pans march and chant through its stores. Other activities have included rallies and picketing at its stores and offices, the company said. The retail giant has filed similar suits against the union in Florida and Texas in recent years. The union has also argued that the judge's order was too broad since it bars entering Wal-Mart's property for "non-shopping" activities, rather than barring the demonstrations and other conduct that prompted the retail giant's complaint. The justices did not indicate when they would rule in the case. ___ Follow Andrew DeMillo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ademillo ___ This story has been corrected to show the union's attorney, not Wal-Mart, argued the National Labor Relations Board should have jurisdiction over the complaint. More On: Arkansas Supreme Court United Food and Commercial Workers Arkansas state government Wal-Mart Stores Inc Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Hillary Chabot Chabot: Dems seek future with First Lady Holly Robichaud Robichaud: Elizabeth Warren fails Mass., puts politics first Joe Fitzgerald Fitzgerald: Anti-Trump protesters display only contempt Howie Carr Carr: Anti-Trump protesters the real deplorables John Sapochetti Sapochetti: Dems need fresh face for 2020 Jessica Heslam Heslam: Papers to rethink coverage of election Tweets by @bostonherald Trending Now Robichaud: Elizabeth Warren fails Mass., puts politics first Tito Jackson seeks Boston sanctuary Thomas Clardy, the State Trooper who died in the line of duty, was honored by the Marine Corps. He served 11 years.… Supermoon to light up sky beginning Monday morning Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Newspapers In Education Boston Herald NIE SmartEdition Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Business Intelligence on Retailing, Franchising, and Consumerism in China Home News Categories Banking & Payment Business Clothing Cosmetics Department Stores Electronics FMCG Food & Beverage Furnishings Health Hotel & Travel Law & Order Logistics Luxury Goods Supermarkets Subscribe About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Wal-Mart Announces USD50 Million Strategic Investment In New Dada In China October 24, 2016 Chinese online grocery and delivery firm New Dada and Wal-Mart jointly announced that Wal-Mart has made a strategic investment of USD50 million into New Dada and the two parties will have a strategic cooperation. With the cooperation, the two parties will integrate their respective O2O delivery, logistics, and retail strengths to provide Chinese consumers with better quality products and more convenient delivery services. New Dada is a joint venture part-owned by JD.com. It currently owns the instant crowdsourcing logistics platform Dada and the fresh food and grocery O2O platform Jingdong Daojia. The company serves over 500,000 vendors in more than 300 cities and it reached cooperation with over 30,000 supermarket and pharmacy stores in 18 cities. At present, Wal-Mart has over 420 supermarkets in nearly 170 cities across China and the cooperation of the two parties will realize complementary advantages. In the future, Wal-Mart's physical stores in China will form an exclusive partnership with Jingdong Daojia. So far, Wal-Mart's 20+ stores in Guangzhou and Shenzhen have accessed the platform of Jingdong Daojia and all of their orders will be delivered by Dada. This service will soon be extended to cities like Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, and Wuhan. Kuai Jiaqi, chief executive officer of New Dada, said that with the cooperation, New Dada's leading O2O platform and crowdsourcing delivery service will become a bridge to connect online consumers and offline Wal-Mart stores, which will offer better quality products and service to more users. Related Topics:BeijingChengducourierdeliverye-commerceinvestmentJD.comKuai JiaqiNew DadaO2OShanghaiWal-MartWuhan JD Forms Strategic Alliance With 17 Home Improvement Brands Wal-Mart Plans 30 New Chinese Stores In 2014 Carrefour’s Six China Distribution Centers To Be Opened Within Two Years Metro Reaches Exclusive Strategic Deal With Alibaba Wal-Mart Increases Stake In Yihaodian.com To 51% YTO Express Gains Alibaba Investment In China Be the first to comment on "Wal-Mart Announces USD50 Million Strategic Investment In New Dada In China" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Email Newsletter Receive periodic free email newsletters about all the news and activities impacting the retail, FMCG, and franchising sectors in China! Email: Follow @ChinaRetailNews on Twitter! China Money Network Upcoming Events Convergence India 2017 @ New Delhi - 2017/02/08   Other China News ChinaTechNews.com: Qualcomm Opens First Global Semiconductor Manufacturing Test Facility In Shanghai O-film To Buy Sony's Manufacturing Base In Guangzhou Cisco Glorifies China With New Inspur Joint Venture Alibaba-fueled Singles' Day E-commerce Shopping Expands To 24 Days GreenChinaTech: Chinese Electric Bus Manufacturer Lands USA Deal American Electric Car Manufacturer To Build In China U.S. Clean Water Company Makes Chinese Inroads GE Will Promote Wind Power Through New Chinese Education Center ChinaSourcingNews.com: Qualcomm Sets Up Semiconductor Test Factory In Shanghai Best Logistics Closes Good Investment For International Expansion CloserStill Media Launches Smart IoT Hong Kong for 2017 New Generation of Orbis Flying Eye Hospital Launches in China Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections and Disclosure Policy Join About Us Contact Us Copyright 2016 ChinaRetailNews.com. All Rights Reserved. A service of Asia Media Network. If you would like to syndicate these articles and posts, please utilize the RSS feed for this online publication, which provides a brief summary of each post with a link back to the original article. Posting of any other part of the articles or posts on this website, in whole or in part, is expressly prohibited without express written permission from ChinaRetailNews.com.
null
Nearby: Blue Valley Post Shawnee Mission Post - Neighborhood news and events for northeast Johnson County About Obits Events Sports Advertise Local Businesses Columns: Your Home Shawnee Mission Health Update Spaces for Life Mortgage 101 NEJC Chamber Estate Planning KC Facebook Twitter RSS Email Northeast Johnson County morning roundup Posted by Jay Senter  · October 24, 2016 7:00 am · Comments Tweet Shawnee Mission School District headquarters Shawnee Mission School District teachers approve new contract. The teacher’s union for the Shawnee Mission School District approved a new contract for the 2016-17 school year Friday. “It was not a close vote,” said union president Linda Sieck. The school board approved the contract Oct. 10 for the 2,000-member union. The new contract, which is retroactive to July 1, provided a pay boost sought union for members not scheduled to receive a raise. Teachers with a bachelor’s degree would receive a $1,025 stipend, those with a master’s degree would receive $1,375. Those changes add $2.9 million to the $114 million salary schedule. In addition, teachers will receive an additional $17 per month to offset medical costs. FROM OUR SPONSORS: Roeland Park resident raising concerns about tax money collected in anticipation of Walmart departure. Roeland Park resident and former mayoral candidate Linda Mau scolded the city council Monday for allowing tax dollars tagged for filling a potential financial gap if Walmart left the city to be pushed into the general fund. Mau said that now that it is obvious Walmart is not leaving Roeland Park residents should get reimbursed. “Over these past seven years the council governing body has increased our mill levy and our sales tax under the guise that we are saving it for that rainy day when… Walmart moves out of the city,” Mau said. “That rainy day isn’t happening. I want my money back.” Mau said she was shocked and appalled when she learned the money had been put in the general fund where it could be used for any purpose. Shawnee Mission East wide receiver picks up another offer. Shawnee Mission East senior wide receiver Trevor Thompson earned his third college offer over the weekend. Excited to receive an offer to play football at Drake University pic.twitter.com/bsdwncBOMl — Trevor Thompson (@trevor3thompson) October 23, 2016 Thompson also has offers from Emporia State and Stetson University. Thompson has helped the Lancers to a 7-1 record, the Sunflower League title and the No. 2 seed in the Class 6A playoffs. He has 18 receptions for 522 yards and nine touchdowns. Thompson has also thrown one pass — a 52-yard touchdown — and has recorded 33 tackles and one interception. Roeland Park appoints new city attorney. The Roeland Park City Council appointed a new City Attorney Monday to replace Neil Shortlidge who is retiring after 26 years of service. Shortlidge’s successor Steve Mauer is an attorney with the Kansas City-based firm Zerger & Mauer, LLP. Mauer will take over the position Jan. 1, 2017. “I look forward to working with you all,” Mauer said. Shortlidge has also served as the City Attorney for Mission Hills since 2007. Mission will officially open park this Thursday. Mission officials have scheduled a ribbon cutting for Legacy Park and a dedication for Gibbs Plaza at Martway and Broadmoor for 11 a.m. Thursday. Shawnee Mission East Class of 1967 planning reunion next September. The SM East Class of 1967 reunion committee has set Sept. 8-10, 2017 as the date for the 50th reunion. Janet Winn Payne is leading the committee and asks classmates to register at classreport.org, a free website for every high school graduating class in the country. They can include a personal profile if they wish, and their email address to receive more information on the events planned. The class also has a Facebook page. Northeast Johnson County morning roundup is brought to you by Twisted Sisters Coffee Shop on Johnson Drive. For updates on the latest blends and specialty drinks available, follow them on Facebook. FROM OUR SPONSORS: Comment Categories : NEJC morning roundup Previous Post Next Post Comments Comments Related Northeast Johnson County morning roundup Northeast Johnson County morning roundup Northeast Johnson County morning roundup Spotlight on Local Healthcare Solutions Team With more than 22 years combined experience in the health insurance industry, Kevin and Amy Ryan of the Healthcare Solutions Team have become a trusted resource for northeast Johnson County residents looking… more. Local Businesses & Organizations Local Business Updates Recent Obituaries Douglas James Russell, Jr., 27 Ira “Bo” East, 90 Frampton Theodore “Ted” Rowland III, 52 James Robin Pyle, 75 Rebecca Sue Vollmer, 67 Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Zip Code * Tweets by shawmissionpost Follow @shawmissionpost Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (82) October 2016  (167) September 2016  (177) August 2016  (170) July 2016  (141) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (174) April 2016  (173) March 2016  (183) February 2016  (168) January 2016  (148) December 2015  (150) November 2015  (141) October 2015  (161) September 2015  (156) August 2015  (131) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (141) May 2015  (131) April 2015  (148) March 2015  (146) February 2015  (140) January 2015  (142) December 2014  (147) November 2014  (137) October 2014  (168) September 2014  (144) August 2014  (144) July 2014  (151) June 2014  (143) May 2014  (158) April 2014  (149) March 2014  (122) February 2014  (112) January 2014  (115) December 2013  (98) November 2013  (103) October 2013  (114) September 2013  (126) August 2013  (133) July 2013  (113) June 2013  (111) May 2013  (131) April 2013  (115) March 2013  (115) February 2013  (112) January 2013  (112) December 2012  (86) November 2012  (108) October 2012  (117) September 2012  (108) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (84) June 2012  (81) May 2012  (80) April 2012  (69) March 2012  (78) February 2012  (73) January 2012  (79) December 2011  (81) November 2011  (83) October 2011  (84) September 2011  (79) August 2011  (78) July 2011  (71) June 2011  (75) May 2011  (74) April 2011  (73) March 2011  (86) February 2011  (75) January 2011  (69) December 2010  (92) November 2010  (85) October 2010  (78) September 2010  (55) August 2010  (42) July 2010  (59) June 2010  (30) PVPost Home About Events Local Business Directory Advertise on the Shawnee Mission Post CONTACT US Commenting Policy – Privacy Policy © 2016 Post Publishing, Inc. Want to share news with us? Call 913-626-6273 or email stories@pvpost.com. All rights reserved. No photos published on this site may be used without the explicit written permission of Post Publishing, Inc.
null

Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines Contact Us A review of Kroger Marketplace: Food, clothing, toys, plus bar all geared toward convenience. Plus: Photo gallery. Posted on October 24, 2016 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments This slideshow requires JavaScript. By Natalie Simms nsimmshh@att.net The new ‘mega’ Kroger Marketplace store opened less than three weeks ago on Main Street in Cartersville. With clothes, shoes, toys, kitchen and bath departments, plus a wine/beer bar inside the store, Kroger is working to change the face of grocery shopping with convenience in mind. With 124,000 square feet, the store is significantly larger than Rome’s Kroger store with about 83,000 square feet. That bigger than the two Walmart Supercenters in Rome, each at 100,000 square feet. As you walk in the new store, the initial layout is very similar to Rome with a large produce section and floral department and Starbucks Coffee shop off to the right. The store then opens to a large Bistro featuring sandwiches, pizza, hot soup, chicken, barbecue and pan Asian options that can be ordered to enjoy in-store at the open seating area or to-go. The Wine & Beer bar area (Hometown photo) What we were most surprised to find was an in-store bar serving wine and beer. You can purchase a glass of wine or beer from a list of options to enjoy there at the bar or over in the seating area. There is a three-glass purchase limit. “Kroger actively seeks opportunities to provide our shoppers with convenient locations and amenities, an expanded beer and wine section was an obvious way to provide yet another great service to enhance our shoppers’ experience,” says Glynn Jenkins, Public Relations director with Kroger’s Atlanta Division. “Kroger works closely with local breweries and distributors to display local beer and wine. The beer and wine is served in a self-contained part of the store. Customers, who wish to do so, have the option to eat, relax and enjoy a glass of wine or beer with their meal – as they may do so in other establishments such as restaurants and delis.” The Bistro has a number of grab-and-go food options, plus a sushi station, garden salad bar and a cold and hot “chef-on-the-run” buffet. This slideshow requires JavaScript. Alongside the Bistro is a Deli and Bakery areas, both providing same services and food you would find in Rome. As you head around toward the back of the store, we were very impressed by the expansive offerings of the fresh meat and seafood counter. The available fresh options looked to be double the amount found at the Rome store. The actual grocery aisles have same selection of items as Rome store but layout is very different.  There is a large ‘Kitchen Place’ department that features everything from pots and pans to dishes and utensils. It looked to be very similar to the set-up in Rome but slightly bigger. Toward the middle of the store is the clothing and shoe department. It is not a huge area like you’d find at Walmart but we were impressed by the variety. They had clothing for all ages and tastes from T-shirts to workout apparel to jeans and dresses. They also had a section for necessities including socks, underwear and women’s undergarments. There weren’t a lot of shoes, just one short aisle. The main thing to watch is price. Most things looked to be a few dollars more than you would pay for the same item at more discounted retailer like Walmart but we’re sure some folks don’t mind paying a little more for the convenience. The new toy department. (Hometown photo) Around on the far side of the store is a small toy department that had a little bit of everything from Barbie to Lego to preschool toys and board games. Of course it doesn’t offer near the selection as Toys R Us or Walmart but it definitely would be great to pick up that last minute birthday gift. The store also featured a large office/school supply area with at least four short aisles of products. There also is a small bath department with towels, shower products and bath fixtures. Around on the front corner of the store is a large pharmacy and The Little Clinic area for minor illnesses. According to their website, “The Little Clinic provides high quality, affordable healthcare located in convenient retail settings. The Little Clinic diagnoses and treats minor illnesses for patients 12 months and up with care provided by board-certified nurse practitioners and/or physician assistants.” The other unique service offered by the new store is the ClickList. Basically you can order your groceries from the comfort of your home, via the computer or phone app, and select a pickup time at the store. “Kroger knows our customers are busy and short on time, and we are excited to offer ClickList to help make their lives easier and shopping more convenient. Kroger customers using ClickList have the technology to help them meet their shopping needs when, where and how they want,” says Jenkins. “Customers can shop for more than 40,000 items on ClickList across the entire store, including fresh produce, meat and seafood, dairy and frozen products, before selecting a location and time slot most convenient to them. Items are delivered to the customer at the pick-up location within minutes of arrival.” There is a $4.95 service fee for each order but Kroger is waiving the fee for each customer’s first three orders. “Visit www.Kroger.com/ClickList, build a cart, select a pick-up location and time, and then place the order. An associate will carefully choose the items and store them in proper temperature zones until the customer arrives for pick-up,” says Jenkins. “Kroger is continuing to evaluate more locations to launch this innovative and convenient shopping experience.” Bottom Line: The store is nice and has a lot to offer customers including several options not available in Rome. For me, it isn’t worth the drive just for groceries but if I am ever in the area, I would definitely shop again. And I will be keeping my fingers crossed that the ClickList option expands to Rome! Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Bartow, Business, Buzz, Gordon, Polk ← Buzz: No slowing down at busy LakePoint, both with development and athletics. Latest Heritage First Headlines: Wildfire danger grows in Northwest Georgia ‘with no real relief in sight.’ Which precincts have the most early votes so far. Education roundup from area colleges, schools. → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Special Statement Issued: 1:18 PM EST on November 14, 2016 Expires: 6:30 AM EST on November 15, 2016 Currently 53° Clear Tomorrow is forecast to be nearly the same temperature as today. Monday 11/14 10% High 68° / Low 37° Clear Mainly clear. Lows overnight in the upper 30s. Tuesday 11/15 10% High 70° / Low 42° Clear Sunshine. High around 70F. Winds light and variable. Wednesday 11/16 10% High 73° / Low 40° Clear Mainly sunny. Areas of smoke and haze are possible, reducing visibility at times. High 73F. Winds light and variable. Copyright © 2016 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out British Columbia LIVE Vancouver More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada BC GO PUBLIC Walmart insider says 'heartbreaking' amount of food dumped in trash Retailer says discarded items are unsafe to eat, but ex-worker says they still looked good By Erica Johnson, CBC News Posted: Oct 24, 2016 2:00 AM PT Last Updated: Oct 24, 2016 8:19 PM PT Daniel Schoeler says Walmart workers tossed what appeared to be perfectly good food into trash compactors on almost every shift he worked. (Erica Johnson/CBC) About The Author Erica Johnson Investigative reporter Erica Johnson is an award-winning investigative journalist. She hosted CBC's consumer program Marketplace for 15 years, investigating everything from dirty hospitals to fraudulent financial advisors. As co-host of the CBC news segment Go Public, Erica continues to expose wrong-doing and hold corporations and governments to account. Go Public Related Stories Go Public Ex-patient in pain 'would like to have known' history of dentist now facing 8 lawsuits Pet insurer says dog not covered if injured 'jumping, running, slipping, tripping or playing' Foot doctor used experimental implants unapproved for surgery on unsuspecting patients 'Justice for blemished fruit': How some B.C. companies are fighting global food waste That 'ugly' grocery store vegetable or fruit deserves love too A former worker at almost a dozen Walmart stores in the Vancouver area is speaking out about what he calls "disturbing" food waste at the big retailer. Daniel Schoeler says on every shift at almost every store, he saw loads of what appeared to be perfectly good food dumped in the trash, even though Walmart says it only discards inedible food.   "It's heartbreaking when you go home at the end of the day, to see that much food get thrown out," Schoeler told Go Public. "They just toss it freely." For six years, Schoeler worked for a company contracted by Walmart to assemble bikes, patio furniture and other products in the back of Walmart stores. He left last spring. He reels off a grocery list of items he says he regularly saw tossed in the trash compactor: tubs of margarine, yogurt and sour cream, bags of apples and potatoes, watermelons, cottage cheese, cans of food with expiry dates that hadn't passed, cheese, butter and baked goods. Jenny Rustemeyer says she and Grant Baldwin were able to bring home about $20,000 worth of dumpster food in six months, 'and that is just the smallest portion of what we found in the dumpsters.' (Jenny Rustemeyer) CBC Marketplace has launched a national investigation and learned of large amounts of waste at other Walmart stores across the country. In the Toronto area, they repeatedly found outdoor garbage bins piled high with everything from produce to baked goods, frozen foods, meat and dairy products. The Marketplace full investigation airs Friday, Oct. 28. "It bothers me a tremendous amount," says Schoeler, who says he only felt he could speak out after he quit. "So many low-income people shop at Walmart. They're scraping to buy this stuff, yet Walmart is just throwing it out the back door." Walmart responds When Go Public contacted Walmart for comment, spokesperson Alex Roberton said he couldn't discuss specifics, but said the giant retailer is committed to reducing food waste.   "There's an assumption that retailers don't care," said Roberton. "But retailers do care. It costs a lot of money to deal with waste, so it's not in a retailer's interest to just throw stuff out." Roberton said Walmart has teamed up with many organizations such as food banks to donate unsold food, and food is only discarded when it's deemed unsafe to eat. He could not address reports from Walmart insiders who told CBC they were instructed to throw away food if it looked imperfect or was close to an expired best-before date, or if shelf space was needed. Walmart food waste2:03 A professor of food studies at the University of British Columbia says most retailers throw out food because it's cheaper than finding it a new home. "It's much easier, much more cost-efficient to not pay your workers to separate food — to change their habits of disposing — to a system that is more responsible," says Will Valley, who teaches about food systems and sustainability. "It's the cost of business these days in retail environments," he says. When consumers expect a variety of convenient, cheap food, there will be waste. Saw no recycling Schoeler was bothered by more than food waste. He says none of the food was separated from its packaging before getting tossed in the trash compactor. "Everything that gets thrown out, gets thrown out in its package," he says — aside from milk, which was poured out before the containers got tossed. "There was zero recycling, except for cardboard boxes, where they can make money," says Schoeler. 'A store this big, and Walmart can't pay to have someone sort stuff? It's sickening.' — Daniel Schoeler "A store this big, and Walmart can't pay to have someone sort stuff? It's sickening," he says, shaking his head in disbelief. Schoeler was so disturbed by the lack of recycling he saw at the Guildford Centre Walmart in Surrey, B.C., that he emailed the municipality's waste management department. "I asked them, 'How come Walmart does not have to sort their garbage?'  I did not get a reply." Walmart's Roberton says all stores have recycling programs "for a range of waste products including cardboard, plastic, film, metal, electronics and food." He could not explain why Schoeler didn't see recycling bins in the stores in which he worked.  "If stores aren't doing that, that's obviously something we'll address," said Roberton. 'It's much easier, much more cost-efficient to not pay your workers to separate food,' says Will Valley, a University of British Columbia professor of food studies. (Tristan Le Rudulier/CBC) Corporations like Walmart have to follow the same recycling regulations as residences in Vancouver. Food waste must be separated from packaging. But waste regulators allow loads of garbage to have 25 per cent of food waste — including its packaging — mixed in with other trash.   A committee of local politicians in Metro Vancouver has recommended that be reduced to five per cent as of Jan. 1, 2017. Even though Walmart is operating within waste bylaws, longtime recycling advocate Helen Spiegelman says the corporate giant should do more. "It's disappointing," says Spiegelman, former executive director of the Recycling Council of British Columbia. 'Walmart damn well should have the wherewithal to fix these problems.' — Helen Spiegelman, recycling advocate "Walmart damn well should have the wherewithal to fix these problems. … It's a huge amount of laziness." Spiegelman says what's needed is a culture shift, where food waste and a lack of recycling become "sinful." "People think garbage doesn't matter," she says. "But it's contributing to climate change." Food waste is a large part of landfills, which emit methane, the second largest contributor to climate change, following carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels. Food waste a 'hidden secret' Jenny Rustemeyer doesn't believe most food thrown out by major retailers is unsafe to eat. The Vancouver filmmaker co-produced Just Eat It, a documentary on food waste that featured Rustemeyer and her partner Grant Baldwin living for six months on food from store dumpsters. "We took photos of everything that we found … from dairy to meat, fish, pasta and rice, even maple syrup," she says. Jenny Rustemeyer and her partner survived for six months on food pulled from dumpsters. The Vancouver filmmaker co-produced Just Eat It, a documentary on food waste. (CBC) "We were able to bring home about $20,000 worth of food in six months and that is just the smallest portion of what we found in the dumpsters."   "Not everything we found was edible, but everything we took home was … perfectly fine to eat." "I think it's a hidden secret," says Rustemeyer. "Everybody seems to be doing it, but nobody is actually measuring it. Nobody wants to talk about it." Rustemeyer says it's disappointing that stores can quietly throw away food, when a recent report by consulting firm Value Chain Management International estimates Canada wastes $31 billion in food every year.  "I would like to think companies would [donate unsold food] because it's the right thing to do, because it's an economically good thing to do, and because it supports the rest of society," she says. But since that's not what she documented, Rustemeyer would like to see stronger enforcement to reduce waste. "I think we need legislation that mandates donation of quality food." She points to the Food Donor Encouragement Act, adopted by B.C. in 1997, which protects organizations from any problems caused by donated food. "There's no fear of liability," says Rustemeyer.   "And I think we need an uprising from consumers to demand better behaviour from retailers." Watch Marketplace Friday Oct. 28 Go Public and Marketplace have joined forces to investigate food waste across the country. You won't believe what Marketplace finds when they go dumpster diving. And they ask the federal government why it is doing nothing to stop the waste. Watch the full edition Marketplace special Friday night at 8. Submit your story ideas Go Public is an investigative news segment on CBC-TV, radio and the web. We tell your stories and hold the powers that be accountable. We want to hear from people across the country with stories they want to make public. Submit your story ideas at gopublic@cbc.ca. Follow @CBCGoPublic on Twitter. With files from James Roberts Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Princeton Vancouver Mostly Cloudy 9°C Kelowna Light Rain 2°C Abbotsford Light Rain 7°C Prince George Sunny -2°C Victoria Mostly Cloudy 9°C More Weather Latest British Columbia News Did you get a snap of the supermoon? Victoria drug users welcome supervised consumption plan audio Vancouver council voting on empty homes tax today audio B.C. real estate numbers down slightly in October Royal Bank hikes mortgage rates read comments Top News Headlines Royal Bank hikes mortgage rates — especially for loans of 25 years or longer read comments Liberals to revamp 'discriminatory' age law for anal intercourse video Energy companies' unpaid electric bills sent to Alberta farmers CBC News crew captures airstrikes in east Aleppo video Ottawa rabbi wakes to find swastika, racial slur spray-painted on her front door Most Viewed Shipping container debris washes up near Tofino Young scientists pen letter to Trudeau urging environmental assessment overhaul Vancouver rolls out plans for 10th Avenue bike lanes Victoria drug users welcome supervised consumption plan BCTF pulls controversial online counter-military recruitment poster Vancouver council voting on empty homes tax today B.C. real estate numbers down slightly in October Andelina Hecimovic on trial again in double fatal driving case Vancouver scientist lauded for catching food cheats Don't Miss New Did you get a snap of the supermoon? Victoria drug users welcome supervised consumption plan Vancouver council voting on empty homes tax today Updated B.C. real estate numbers down slightly in October Royal Bank hikes mortgage rates Vancouver rolls out plans for 10th Avenue bike lanes Vancouver City Council motion calls for VSB byelection within 6 months Photos Shipping container debris washes up near Tofino Photos Closest supermoon in 68 years graces the sky UBC-O club helping students stranded by bus strike Mighty Pat Quinn on the minds of Hockey Hall of Famers Young scientists pen letter to Trudeau urging environmental assessment overhaul CBC Investigates RCMP want new powers to bypass digital roadblocks in terrorism, major crime cases Food bank use in B.C. at an all-time high Vancouver Police issue warning after spike of overdoses in DTES Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
null
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Winnipeg Sun Tuesday November 15 2016 Home News In News Winnipeg Manitoba Canada World Weird PSA Archives Sports In Sports Hockey Winnipeg Jets Blue Bombers Football Baseball Basketball Soccer Golf Tennis Curling Motorsports Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Archives Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Fashion Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Manitoba Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sun Critters Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers this Week Weather Contests Newsstand Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account E-edition Must Reads Winnipeg Manitoba Canada World Weird PSA Archives News Manitoba Manitoba Walmarts stop accepting Visa Monday 'Lose-lose situation' says biz prof By Jim Bender, Winnipeg Sun First posted: Sunday, October 23, 2016 05:47 PM CDT | Updated: Monday, October 24, 2016 10:10 AM CDT Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error The battle lines were drawn back in July and Walmart Canada will advance to the next stage on Monday. The retail giant will no longer accept payments for merchandise by Visa credit cards at any of its 16 locations in Manitoba, it announced previously. It had first faded out the use of Visa at its three retail outlets in Thunder Bay, Ont., by July 18. Walmart has claimed Visa was charging too much for merchant fees. "It's almost a bit of a lose-lose situation," Stuart Henrickson, director of the Stu Clark Centre for Entrepreneurship, said Sunday. "A lot of retail stores have gotten frustrated with all of their users, not just Visa, and now we've got two major companies going head-to-head. So, we'll see what happens." So far, Walmart will only stop using Visa in Canada. "Walmart's decision to further limit acceptance in Manitoba is disappointing," Visa posted on its website. "We know from our experience in Thunder Bay that consumers want the option to use the payment method of their choice when shopping -- including at Walmart stores. Visa remains committed to actively working with Walmart so that Canadians can use their Visa cards wherever they wish to shop." But Walmart has gone ahead with the next step anyway. "I'm sure it's just a pilot project in Canada, then they can decide what to do in the U.S.," Henrickson said. "The consumer can look at it with two different angles. Walmart might lower prices but is now giving one less choice to the consumer. Some might not care while others might only have a Visa card and decide to go elsewhere." "I'm sure other retail markets are closely following this." A Visa spokesperson had countered, in a recent Canadian Press story, that it offered Walmart "one of the lowest rates available to any merchant in the country." Visa charges an average of 1%-2.5% in merchant fees, depending on the type of card used. Retail Council of Canada spokesperson Karl Littler told CP that all credit card merchant fees are "grossly inflated in Canada, pointing out that those fees are as low as 0.28% in France. Henrickson countered that credit card companies have their own payment fees included in those costs. "There's usually two or three fees that they have to pay so it doesn't all go to Visa or MasterCard," he said. A Walmart spokesperson could not be reached for comment on Sunday. -- With files from the Canadian Press   As Advertised in the Winnipeg SUN Manitoba Walmarts stop accepting Visa Monday 'Lose-lose situation' says biz prof By Jim Bender, Winnipeg Sun First posted: Sunday, October 23, 2016 05:47 PM CDT | Updated: Monday, October 24, 2016 10:10 AM CDT The battle lines were drawn back in July and Walmart Canada will advance to the next stage on Monday. The retail giant will no longer accept payments for merchandise by Visa credit cards at any of its 16 locations in Manitoba, it announced previously. It had first faded out the use of Visa at its three retail outlets in Thunder Bay, Ont., by July 18. Walmart has claimed Visa was charging too much for merchant fees. "It's almost a bit of a lose-lose situation," Stuart Henrickson, director of the Stu Clark Centre for Entrepreneurship, said Sunday. "A lot of retail stores have gotten frustrated with all of their users, not just Visa, and now we've got two major companies going head-to-head. So, we'll see what happens." So far, Walmart will only stop using Visa in Canada. Top stories Popular Latest Videos Bombers' O'Shea deserves another shot Cold and flu season hitting babies hard Bruno Mars to play MTS Centre Manitoba municipalities 'overspending': lobby group What the U of M strike is really all about Marvel bringing The Inhumans to TV  China slammed for fat-shaming Kim Jong-Un Deaths of Saskatchewan girl,father declared homicide, suicide: RCMP Naked magicians booked for the Burt Cold and flu season hitting babies hard Paul Maurice Paul Maurice RCMP crash on Kenaston Sun Critters: Smores, Surfer & Tanx Sun Critters: Jemma More from Manitoba Cold and flu season hitting babies hard Manitoba municipalities 'overspending': lobby group Spend carbon tax revenue on curbside composting: NDP Weapons bust in Camperville National poll finds 65% of Manitobans fear spike in impaired driving once pot becomes legal Inside Winnipeg sun.com News Accused pedophile dragged from jail, lynched Entertainment Marvel bringing The Inhumans to TV News China slammed for fat-shaming Kim Jong-Un News Official on leave after racist Obama post News Homicide, suicide in Sask. deaths: RCMP News Anti-Obama protesters clash with Greek police Entertainment Naked magicians booked for the Burt News 5 Utah students stabbed at high school News Cold and flu season hitting babies hard News Man tells Hawkes' trial of teenage stripping game News Dassey must say where he'll live News Woman live-streams herself berating cops Home Mobile version News Winnipeg Manitoba Canada World Weird PSA Archives Sports Hockey Jets Blue Bombers Football Baseball Basketball Soccer Golf Tennis Curling Motorsports MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Archives Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Fashion Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Manitoba Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sun Critters Flyers this Week Weather Contests Newsstand Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Winnipeg Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Calgary Sun Edmonton Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Ndiaye: Nigeria Firms that Succeed Have Potential to Expand in Africa Ndiaye: Nigeria Firms that Succeed Have Potential to Expand in Africa October 24, 2016 0 558 MONDAY INTERVIEW  With increased focus on business opportunities in Nigeria and other African countries, the United States recently established the U.S.-Africa Business Center. The Director for Policy in Africa at the United States Chamber of Commerce, Dr. Leila Ndiaye, in this interview with Obinna Chima, spoke about the objectives of the initiative as well as its capacity to enhance bilateral trade between African countries and the U.S. Excerpts: What is the objective of the U.S-Africa Business Center ? The objective is to increase bilateral trade between the U.S. and Africa. The other objective is to make that American companies are being understood and take part in the emerging Africa. That is because everywhere you go today, they talk about emerging Nigeria and emerging Africa. So, we want to be part of this emerging trend. But most importantly, we want African companies and business leaders to sit down on the same table with American companies and tell them how to do business with Africa as well as how they can together, partner to do business. It is either we help them do business in America or together they do business as partners. We have realised a long time ago that Africa is an untapped market. We know that Africa is not just one country, it is made up of 54 countries, compared with a lot of people who think Africa is one country. We know that Nigeria is the biggest market, etc. But, how is it that we can help? It is a win-win situation because we want to make money, and you (African businesses) also want to make money. But it comes with very favourable investment climate, it comes with the know-how of the market. But only you can tell me how to do business in your country , just as I am the only one that can tell you how to do business in my country. So, that is a win-win. But why did the Chamber come up with this initiative when we had the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA), or has AGOA failed? AGOA didn’t fail. But one can say that it didn’t reach its full potential. And both sides did not benefit from it. You have to understand that AGOA has more than 6,000 products that can enter the U.S. free of taxes, back and forth. But people are not aware of that. Only a handful of companies in Nigeria and everywhere in Africa, really benefitted. We have extended AGOA for another 10 years. So, we must focus on what is beyond AGOA. We established this center because we are proactive. We launched it last December. We advocated strongly for AGOA, we did the same for the American-EXIM Bank and as you can recall, last July, it was history. Some people had to fight so that the Congress would re-authorise what the U.S. Chamber can do. So, what we did was to make sure that we can do business in a very sane environment between both regions. Does the Chamber have specific criteria for organisations or even individuals  that intend to join the center? You know, we never had any African company as a member of the U.S Chamber. But we have opened the door for African companies. The first thing we are concerned about is the Foreign Practice  Act. So, you can be as wealthy as you want, but you have to pass some criteria. If you never worked in your life, and because your father was a Governor, and he stole money and gave you a company, you can be the wealthiest person on earth, but you can never be a member of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. We promote entrepreneurship, but entrepreneurship comes with a spirit. So, it is something that you need to have within your system, to build and create jobs. I don’t have anything about people’s inheritance, that is not what I am talking about. I am talking about money coming from the government, money laundering. You have to be a real entrepreneur. And any company with government funding cannot be part of the U.S. Chamber. What about a company that got its seed capital through government funding and after some years it developed capacity and has been sustaining itself, is such a firm not qualified to be a member of the Chamber? If you are a company, and you participated in a bid and for example, the government gives you licence to import rice, we won’t say know to such a company. But if you create your company and its revenues come from government, we cannot accept such a company. We have to make sure that everything is clean. Then, you have to understand the philosophy. The philosophy is the triple ‘A’ solution, which is – we advocate on your behalf, we advice you and we give you access. But the access tag we give you is unthinkable. At the government level, the private sector level, we host approximately 130 delegations in a year at the Chamber. There is no Head of State in this world that comes into Washington to meet the Department of States, President Obama or any U.S. government official, without stopping at the U.S. Chamber. This is because that is where the economy of America resides. That is where the dollars really reside. Does the center offer grants to members? We don’t offer grants. We give access to our members. We have more than three million companies whichmake us the largest business federation in the world. Consider the U.S. Chamber to be like the federal Chamber. Beneath us, you have 2,800 Chambers, both local and regional. Then, we have Chambers all over the world totaling 117. So, that is the network. We don’t give grant to anybody because we are not a bank. We are a policy shop. But we give access to where the resources can be, because we advice you and we open the door for you. Now, if your product is bankable, of course, we would look for who is interested within our members and it would be your responsibility to do your business pitch. However, I will make sure that you get to the right person or partner. I can give you an example of a success story of a company. We talked about AGOA, now we are talking about funding and how you do things. There is a company from Senegal that is in agro-business. It was the only company in the country that was really doing huge volumes in terms of refines,  jams, juices in America, coming from the West Coast. She is a member of the U.S. Chamber and actually the second African companies that joined the Chamber. Exactly five months ago, we invited the President of Afreximbank. He came, they sat down and discussed. She is already in five states and our plan was for her to go to Walmart. Walmart is my member. I want her to be in Whole Foods, which is also my member. Walmart has 700 stores in Africa, but not with the name Walmart and I want her to be in at least 20 of those stores. We sat down, we looked at the products. She was exporting to the U.S via AGOA, a member of the Chamber. Ninety per cent of her employees are women, 10 per cent are deaf people and so she is like socially responsible. And the Afreximbank promised to take the business to the next level. It took him just two hours to instruct his people to invest $15 million into this company for the lady to double her capacity of production. That is what we do. So, when a Head of State comes and if you are our member, you have the opportunity for one-on-meetings. There, you can address your priorities. Last year, we hosted President Muhammadu Buhari during his first official visit and we had more than 400 people in a room. That tells you how Nigeria is portrayed and how much the U.S. private sector is involved. So, we give you access, we advice you and we wish you goodluck. Not goodluck in a way that we want to get rid of you. That is because we would be there with you until we make sure you find a solution. But, I will never instruct a bank. So, what does it take to be a member? First of all, at the national level in the U.S, you just need to be registered in the U.S, no matter the size of your company. But if you are an international, then we have different programmes. There is the international division with all the different continents represented. I represent Africa as the Director. But there is a Know-Your-Customer (KYC) procedure that I do. KYC is very important. As someone with African origin, I want the best for my continent. I want to show America the best from my continent. So, I want the best entreprenuers who can roll their sleeves with Americans. For me, that is how I see emerging Africa. If you are the CEO of Dangote, Zenith Bank or any company from Africa, you should be able to sit down with the CEO of Procter and Gamble and agree on what they want to do together. Presently, how many Nigerian companies do you have as members? We cannot say, but we have considerable number. For Nigeria, what I like to do is to create a specific programme to be called the U.S-Nigeria CEO dialogue, which would be a specific Programme for Nigeria. It would take place in the first quarter of 2017 and by then I hope to have gotten more members from Nigeria, so that they can participate. It is also for us to have medium-sized and large sized American companies in the meeting. But at the first edition of the programme, I will just go with the top 10 Nigerian companies and top 20 or top 50 US companies. Top 10 in terms of what? In terms of the longevity of the company, turnover and as I said before, it has to be a company with a success story and a representative of the private sector. That is because any company that succeeds in Nigeria, should be able to spread or expand to Ivory Coast, Benin, Togo, Burkina Faso, etc, and we can help. The company I talked about in Senegal, today, her products are on the shelves in Ivory Coast, Gambia, Burkina Faso, and every where. But how did it start? It started with the meeting she had with us. But why did it take the U.S this long to integrate businesses in Africa? I think there have been a misrepresentation of the presence of  U.S. businesses in Africa. A company like Procter and Gamble or even General Electric. General Electric has been in Africa for over 100 years. The U.S private sector businesses have always been here. I always laugh because I tell people that there is no village where you don’t find gillete blade, which is made by Procter & Gamble. When you want to search for information on your phone, what do you use? Google. So, Africans consume America everyday. From Microsoft when you turn on your computer, from using using Google, you are creating jobs both sides (Africa and America), you use Facebook, you do the same. Procter & Gamble has more than 300 hundred products in Africa. These are American products. Where I agree with you is that we didn’t hear much about the U.S in areas such as infrastructure as much as lately, the Chinese. That is where I think the Chinese have made so much noise by building railroads, bridges, etc, across Africa. Maybe that is why some have the feeling that the U.S has not been present. But the U.S has always been present. But we want to do more infrastructure because there cannot be any development if there is lack of infrastructure. We have started with the programme, Power Africa. We need electricity in Africa and the U.S. has taken the step. So, we want to be more present in things that people see and feel. So, we want to be more involved in all sectors and we want to help Africa move from raw materials to develop the value chain processes in Africa. Why is it that Africa will always sell its coffee or cocoa as a raw material to the West? Why can’t they be processed into finished products, using our technology and sell in the African market? These are the things we want to be involved in. Currency is a major part of trade and we have FX controls in some countries in Africa. How does the Chamber assist its members in areas such as FX, Customs as well as the issue of multiple taxation faced by businesses in Africa? We do and I will give you some examples. Firstly, you know that you have the Common External Tarriff (CET) in ECOWAS. One morning I recieved an e-mail from one of our members about that. Secondly, there was a specific product that the tax was supposed to be 10 per cent, we sent our material to this country, and suddenly they said it was 35 per cent. That souldn’t have been because they have a common tarriff. So, I looked at it and said that wasn’t right because it is the same law that should be applied and implemented. So, that was how we engaged ECOWAS and we had an MoU with ECOWAS, which took care of the problem. So, that was why I said we are a policy shop. So, if the law is not favourable to any private sector person, we would make that that the law becomes a reality. The second question was about FX controls. This year, we signed an MoU also with the West Africa Bankers Association (WABA) and we were very concerned about the naira and the implication of the FX issue for foreign companies. We also invited the President of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE), Aigboje Aig-Imoukhuede, to address our members in Washington on the FX issues in Nigeria. We chose Aig-Imoukhuede because of his experience as a former bank CEO and he understands the issues. Our members asked him questions and he was able to advice them better. Those who wanted to withdraw did not after the session. So, that is the kind of platform that we offer so as we come out solution and to enable each person to prosper. The U.S-Africa Business Center is going to turn a year by December and the Africa Department of the U.S. Chamber is just nine years old. But it doesn’t mean that the U.S. was not interested in Africa. The U.S. has always done business in Africa. But, it is the will of the private sector that made the U.S. Chamber to create the Africa Department. Does the Chamber also support startups? We do have a programme at the national level because you have to start somewhere. Of course, we support startups. Recently, we met with young entrepreneurs from 30 nations in Africa, startups only. We gave them the opportunity to present their projects. They went into a competition and we selected those that had the best business plan, etc. So, we do once in a while, engage with startups to make sure that we coach them. But our priority today is at the macro level. Our second priority is to make sure we have a strong programme for SMEs. Our third priority is to have a programme for women and make sure that we give them all the tools to prosper, especially in three sectors where we don’t see a lot of women – energy, agriculture and ICT. Previous articleAjibola: Bad Loans Are Cankerworm, Disincentive to Banks’ Performance Next articleKachikwu and Nigeria’s Rising Profile in Global Oil Politics Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business DAILY PRICE LIST FOR MUTUAL FUNDS, REITS and ETFS Business NDIC Slams Okereke-Onyuike over Call to Merge Commission with AMCON Business ‘Post Offices in Africa Now Providing Access to Financial networks’ 848,828FansLike 669,987FollowersFollow Latest News Buhari Mourns Dasuki, Says He was for Peace November 15, 2016 Ex-NSA Daskui Loses Father, Ex-Sultan of Sokoto November 15, 2016 Only Infrastructural Devt Can Address N’Delta Restiveness – Seadogs’... November 15, 2016 Buhari Mourns Dasuki, Says He was for Peace November 15, 2016 Ex-NSA Daskui Loses Father, Ex-Sultan of Sokoto November 15, 2016 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Monday 14th November 2016 November 15, 2016 0 Recent Comments JayGeeX on Prof. Wole Soyinka Risks Going To Jail If He Destroys His Green Card Aleks on Falana: FG Should Release Dasuki on Bail "Korede on We’re Gonna Make America Great Again Sincerity on ASUU-OAU Branch: Congress Suspends Executive Osasuyi Ragbon on Edo PDP, Ize Iyamu Rule out Involvement in Obaseki’s Govt THISDAY STYLE LAWYER ‘I haven’t failed’ against Boko Haram Nigeria Al Jazeera: Muhammadu Buhari: ‘I haven’t failed’ against Boko Haram March 6, 2016 22 MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 403 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Buhari Mourns Dasuki, Says He was for Peace November 15, 2016 Ex-NSA Daskui Loses Father, Ex-Sultan of Sokoto November 15, 2016 Only Infrastructural Devt Can Address N’Delta Restiveness – Seadogs’... November 15, 2016 Buhari Mourns Dasuki, Says He was for Peace November 15, 2016 Ex-NSA Daskui Loses Father, Ex-Sultan of Sokoto November 15, 2016 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 403 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-Edition Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Woman awakes to find purse missing from home Sunday Oct 23, 2016 at 6:25 PM Oct 23, 2016 at 7:22 PM Joe Callahan @JoeOcalaNews A 90-year-old woman awoke early Saturday morning to find that her purse and a bathroom towel from her home were stolen while she slept in her home in the Spruce Creek South retirement community. About 13 hours hours later, thanks to diligent Marion County Sheriff’s Office detectives and an observant deputy, two Ocala men were arrested in connection with using the woman’s credit card. Capt. Dennis Joiner said Sunday that after the woman, who was not identified by authorities, awoke early Saturday, she immediately called her credit card company when she discovered her purse was missing. That’s when she learned that her card had been used at Wal-Mart on Southwest 19th Avenue Road at 4:54 a.m. and again an hour later at the Wal-Mart on Silver Springs Boulevard. The woman called the Marion County Sheriff’s Office, which immediately responded to the retirement community off U.S. 441 in southern Marion County. Detectives went to both Wal-Mart locations to view security footage and learned that two men were together at both stores when the credit cards were used to buy beer, cigarettes and other items valued at more than $300. The detectives were able to identify the car the men were driving from the surveillance video and were also able to capture a still photo of both men from the video. The photo and the vehicle description was sent out to Marion County deputies and other local law enforcement agencies. Sometime Saturday evening, K-9 Deputy Brandon Donahue spotted the vehicle matching the description and conducted a traffic stop. That’s when he discovered two men, who looked like the men in the photo, inside the vehicle. During questioning by detectives, the men denied stealing the credit cards, but did admit using them. They said an unknown man gave them the credit cards to go buy the merchandise. The purse and missing bathroom towel were not recovered. Arrested and charged with grand theft and credit card fraud are: Preston Jay Blackwell, 56, who is homeless, and Renney Hardley, 33, of Ocala. Joiner said detectives are still working the case to determine if there is enough physical evidence left at the home to charge the men with burglary of an occupied dwelling. “There were only the two men in the surveillance videos,” Joiner said. “Detectives are still working on the case to determine if any evidence can link them to being in the home.” About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Manage Print Account Contact Us Privacy Policy Subscribe Now Terms of Service Manage Digital Account FAQs Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertise With Us Display Ads Classified Ads Place an Ad Online Services Mobile App RSS Feeds Newsletters Twitter Facebook Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ocala.com ~ 2121 SW 19th Avenue Rd., Ocala, FL 34471 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime State Nation & World Elections Business Education Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Prep Sports College Horse Racing Auto Racing Columns Go Dave Schlenker Movies Music Theater & Arts TV Guide Dining Movie Listings TV Listings Lifestyle Health Faith Pets Travel Columns Crossword Sudoku Opinion Editorials Brad Rogers Letters Other Voices Obituaries More Photos Videos Weather Mugshots Blogs Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Newsletters Contests Subscriber e-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» Tech CEO in Hot Water for Threatening Trump Samsung Just Dropped $8B to Take You for a Drive Here Are the World's 5 Best Airlines The Trans-Pacific Partnership Is Dead These 7 Countries Have No McDonald's Locations Dow Ends Day Up 39 When to Offer $10,415.87 Instead of $10K for a Car This Is the World's Busiest Day for Online Shopping Dow Closes at Record High Border Wall Maker's Share Price Jumps After Trump Win Man Guilty of Making Off With $165K of Gold in His Butt Mexico: We're Still Not Paying for Trump's Wall Money / Walmart Go to Grid|Next Story What Happened When Walmart Raised Wages Retailer bets big on the concept of 'efficiency wages' By Daniel Kay,  Newser Staff Posted Oct 23, 2016 4:02 PM CDT 158 comments Comments A worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif.   (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) (Newser) – The New York Times has a deep dive on how Walmart bet big on its business by investing in its employees. In 2015 the retailer quietly implemented a new focus on employee welfare, increasing pay across the board and developing programs to make the management track more accessible to employees. Although the program hasn't helped Walmart's struggling stock price, it has allowed Walmart to increase sales, increase employee satisfaction, and claw back some trust and loyalty from consumers. According to its official fact sheet, Walmart pledged $2.7 billion over two years to increasing employee pay and benefits. The NYT reports that so far, the initiative has raised the average pay for a full-time non-managerial employee to $13.69 an hour, a 16% increase since 2014 and above average pay for retail employees. However, some business leaders and analysts remain skeptical. Writing for Bloomberg, columnist Megan McArdle notes that for a large, publicly held company like Walmart, profitability looms above all. If the company's renewed focus on worker welfare doesn't start paying real, quantifiable dividends, shareholders will push for it to return to a cheaper business model, even if that means relying on fewer workers. Report a story error My Take on This Story Show results without voting  |   8% Hilarious 40% Intriguing 13% Depressing 20% Brilliant 5% Scary 13% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 158 comments Next on Newser: Brittany Maynard's Mom, Husband Clash Over Her Story Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 158 comments K.C. Oct 24, 2016 5:24 PM CDT Very interesting. I hope WalMart will succeed, but placing faith in workers... Frankly, I am skeptical. I just hope it will not cause the retailer to go out of business. Lisa Done Oct 24, 2016 2:45 PM CDT This is a line of crap. Walmart has cut hours and when they get busy refuse as always to call in help. They killed benefits, fired many and didn't give everyone raises. It was only to blow smoke up everyones rear end and for a fluff piece Nora22 Oct 24, 2016 10:19 AM CDT They're only going halfway. They need to cut management pay and pwrks the same amount for a net wash on profitability because their model is way out of line. View all 158 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Our Pennies Have Ruined Ben Franklin's Grave 1 Clinton Wins New Hampshire 2 6 Pieces of Advice From Burglars 3 The Doctor Died in 2002. Or So Prosecutors Thought 4 Steve Bannon Is 'Terrifying Man' Who 'Wants to Burn It All Down': Glenn Beck 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Proposal Restored to Website Man Convicted Of Murdering Girlfriend After Singing ‘I Used to Love Her, But I Had to Kill Her’ WATCH: Snake Falls From Ceiling on Flight in Mexico Michelle Obama for 2020? How Foreign Leaders Are Prepping for the Next President The Simpsons Predicted a Trump Presidency 16 Years Ago The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Local Schoolkids Get First Look At New Floats For Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Delta Airlines Launches New Luggage Tracking System Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Named People Magazine’s ‘Sexiest Man Alive’ Go to CBS Local Is Donald Trump Israel's New BFF? Reveling in the Banter of Three Middle-Aged British Dudes These Might Be the Strangest Ice Cream Flavors Ever Go to Ozy Rand Paul: Will Donald Trump betray voters by hiring John Bolton? We’ve lost this Grand Ole Opry star far too young Watch this guy completely humiliate a reporter who claims PTSD after firing an... Go to Rare 9 Cool Tech Gifts That Won't Cost an Arm and a Leg The Ashley Graham Barbie Has Thighs That Touch (Like Most of Us) 3 Times You Need to Speak Up for Yourself Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site

Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries Local North Hills Print Legal fees cost taxpayers nearly $75K in McCandless Wal-Mart case By Tony LaRussa | Sunday, Oct. 23, 2016, 3:36 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Legal fees to defend McCandless Council's decision to OK construction of a Wal-Mart store off McKnight Road has cost taxpayers nearly $75,000, according to the town's lawyer. The fees stem from a lawsuit and a series of appeals filed by a residents' group that claimed, among other things, that McCandless officials didn't properly inform the public about the project. The group Citizens of McCandless has accused town officials of helping the retail giant with its plan to build along Blazier Drive by speeding through the approval process. It also has argued that the store will create traffic nightmares, the property is too small for the size of the building and will be close enough to Pine Creek to pose an environmental risk. The group's initial lawsuit was filed in August 2014 in Allegheny County Common Pleas Court on behalf of 17 residents. In January 2015, Senior Judge Joseph James ruled that town officials acted properly and Wal-Mart's plans for a 155,000-square-foot super center met municipal zoning requirements. The group appealed that ruling in Commonwealth Court, but a three-member court panel upheld James' decision. In response, the group applied to have the full nine-member Commonwealth Court rehear arguments in the case. That request was turned down in March by the Commonwealth Court's president judge. In April, the group petitioned the state Supreme Court to intervene on its behalf. That request was denied in September. “From day one we felt that town council acted properly when they approved the project,” said William Ries, the town's attorney. “The only question the town considered was whether Wal-Mart met the requirements to build. And they did.” Attorney Dwight Ferguson, who has represented Citizens of McCandless in legal proceedings, said state court rules prohibit him from disclosing how much he has billed the group for legal services. Several members of the organization did not respond to requests for comment or referred questions to Ferguson. Although the group actively solicits donations, it is not obligated by state law to reveal who gives money or how it is spent because it is not a registered non-profit organization or political action committee, according to a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of State. Wal-Mart is in the process of obtaining permits from the state's environmental protection and transportation departments. Once they are secured, the company can apply for grading and building permits from the municipality, according to town officials. Ferguson said requests for documents related to the permitting process have been filed with the county, state and municipality. “There are many other facets of this case we are exploring,” he said. Group members have said the multiple losses in court would not deter their efforts to try to keep Wal-Mart from building. Ries said the group's ongoing contention that council should have denied Wal-Mart's application in the first place does not take into account the legal ramifications of such a decision. “I have little doubt that Wal-Mart would have sued the town,” he said. “And there wouldn't have been much we could do to defend such a lawsuit. The company would have gone into court and presented evidence that they met the legal requirements to build. And as we've seen in the (judge's) decision that was issued, the court would have agreed.” Tony LaRussa is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 724-772-6368 or tlarussa@tribweb.com. More North Hills Pine-Richland seeks to dismiss lawsuit over transgender bathroom policy Pine officials plan no tax hike Shaler Area student places second in illustrated poetry contest No property tax hike in 2017 Shaler budget draft Senior housing proposal in Ross drawing interest Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.       Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Actor Manganiello joins Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh board of trustees Weapons, replicas found at Westmoreland, Allegheny airports Veteran players know Steelers still can contend for AFC North title Daily Gallery View Monday, Nov. 14, 2016 Daily images from across the region by Tribune-Review staff photographers. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
null
null
null
null
Email to a friend Your email address Your friend's address Subject Body Check out this article WalMart 'Suicide Scar Wound' Costume Provokes Outrage. http://www.snopes.com/2016/10/22/walmart-suicide-scar-wound-costume-riles-public/ Sent via snopes.com Send What's New Fact Checks News Hot 25 Newsletter Archive Glossary Contact Message Board FAQ Random Autos Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Entertainment Fake News Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Humor Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Luck Media Matters Medical Military Old Wives' Tales Politics Quotes Racial Rumors Religion Risquè Business Science September 11 Sports Technology Travel Viral Phenomena Weddings Submit A Rumor Go Go Home News Controversy WalMart 'Suicide Scar Wound' Costume Provokes Outrage WalMart 'Suicide Scar Wound' Costume Provokes Outrage The retailing giant's Halloween offering of a 'Suicide Scar Wound' costume accessory didn't sit well with some people. David Mikkelson Oct 22, 2016 Share - - WalMart is the United States' largest retailer, and in October that also makes them one of the nation's largest vendors of Halloween costumes and accessories. One popular type of costume accessory sold by WalMart and other vendors is latex applications that simulate wounds inflicted by gunshots, knives, machetes, razors, burns, vampire bats, and even zombies: But one such latex accessory (offered by a third-party supplier and sold through WalMart), which simulates deep razor blade cuts to the forearm, drew the ire of some observers because it depicts a type of wound that is not administered by evil figures such as criminals or vampires or maniacal serial killers, but is self-inflicted by those in the throes of depression and self-destructive impulses: An article published by the Scary Mommy parenting community titled ""Hey Wal-Mart, Suicide Is Not a Costume" took the retailing giant to task for making a "joke" of suicide with such an "insensitive" offering: Apparently Wal-Mart thinks suicide’s a joke. This year, their Halloween store is selling a latex prosthetic of slit wrists called “Razor Blade Suicide Scar Wound Latex Costume Make Up.” The photo featured in the ad shows the deep wounds, two in number. But there’s more: The product listing not only shows the prosthetic, it depicts a suicide attempt. Poised at the end of one of the slashes is a hand holding a razor blade — not included in costume. Its occasion is listed as “Party.” Suicide is not a joke, indeed. Suicide is not a costume. Joke about zombies. Jokes about chainsaws. Joke about bloody knives and swords, please, but don’t pretend you’ve attempted or succeeded in killing yourself, the end result of intense mental anguish and misery. It’s not cute to pretend to rip yourself away from life, from your family, from your friends. And more importantly, it’s a grave insult to those who have made the terrible decision to take their own lives, and left us all bereft. A petition started on Change.org also implored WalMart to drop the item from their roster: The "Razor Blade Suicide Scar Wound Latex Costume Makeup" is being sold at Walmart. This is not just a disgrace to the sensitivity to those who suffer from self-harm, but a shame on Walmart for making light of the situation. This "costume" is real life for many people, many people who are contemplating volumes higher than self-harm. Suicide is not a joke, not a costume, and not funny. Many people who have "suicide" or as I would call it "survivor" scar wounds wish they could make them disappear. There are tattoo shops who welcome customers to get cover-ups on self-harm scars, which is amazing for the people who want to move on from the dark time they were in at one point in their life. On that note, many people are life-long sufferers of self-harm. Many are bullied, and now they are being bullied by Walmart. This has to stop. Stopping this costume will end volumes of triggers, self harm, and could even save a life. The public outcry from those efforts was sufficient, as WalMart quickly removed the page for the “Razor Blade Suicide Scar Wound Latex Costume Make Up" from their web site, saying that “This costume is appalling and it was unacceptable for a third-party seller to list it on our marketplace. It clearly violated our prohibited items policy and we removed it when it was brought to our attention.” However, Google searches showed the same product to be available through other online vendors, one of whom, Totally Costumes, asserted that WalMart was at fault for describing the item incorrectly: Upon inspection we see that Walmart has listed the item incorrectly, making it highly offensive; but rest assured, the product is not listed this way on our direct site, or any other channel we use. We have put in a ticket with the Walmart Catalog team to have the item name and description of the listing modified right away. We are not sure why Walmart has it titled the way they do. But Totally Costumes' (since-removed) listing described the product as a "Cruel World Razor Blade Prosthetics," invoking a phrase ("Goodbye, cruel world!") commonly associated with suicide in popular culture, and it advocated that purchasers "surrender to your despair": Another since-removed listing on the Totally Costumes web site advertised a "Slashed Wrists Prosthetic Appliance" that exhorted buyers to "Give your costume a look so realistic that it seems suicidal" and to "Go off the deep end and make that gruesome suicide attempt": Originally published: 22 October 2016 Tags: walmart halloween David Mikkelson David Mikkelson founded snopes.com in 1994, and under his guidance the company has pioneered a number of revolutionary technologies, including the iPhone, the light bulb, beer pong, and a vaccine for a disease that has not yet been discovered. He is currently seeking political asylum in the Duchy of Grand Fenwick. Feedback Facebook - Twitter @ Email Fact Check Citibank Is Citibank sending out notices asking customers to log in and ... Fact Check Neil DeGrasse Tyson 'Completely Shuts Down' Girl Who Wants to Live on Jupiter Celebrity astrophysicist Neil DeGrasse Tyson did not admonish ... Fact Check A Man of Wealth and Taste Does a photograph show Senator John Kerry shaking hands with ... Fact Check Swedish Heat Brawls Misleading blog posts paired an unrelated photograph of ... Fact Check Mosquito Killers Rumor: Lemon Fresh Joy, Listerine, and limes with cloves ... Fact Check Dwayne Johnson Arrested Actor Dwayne ("The Rock") Johnson has not been arrested for ... Copy the article link Send us your feedback Thank you for writing to us! Although we receive hundreds of e-mails every day, we really and truly read them all, and your comments, suggestions, and questions are most welcome. Unfortunately, we can manage to answer only a small fraction of our incoming mail. Our site covers many of the items currently being plopped into inboxes everywhere, so if you were writing to ask us about something you just received, our search engine can probably help you find the very article you want. Choose a few key words from the item you're looking for and click here to go to the search engine. (Searching on whole phrases will often fail to produce matches because the text of many items is quite variable, so picking out one or two key words is the best strategy.) We do reserve the right to use non-confidential material sent to us via this form on our site, but only after it has been stripped of any information that might identify the sender or any other individuals not party to this communication. Your Email Your Message Send Send us a rumor Go Follow snopes on Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Get Snopes in your inbox Go We will never send you spam or share your email with nigerian royalty. The Hot List Wee the People Donald Trump did not say that Republicans are the "dumbest group … 297K Smells Like Mean Spirit A viral image suggests that the late Nirvana singer Kurt Cobain … 32K Final Vote Count 2016 All the ballots haven't been counted yet, but it looks like … 16K Lawsuit Charges Donald Trump with Raping a 13-Year-Old Girl A civil suit against Donald Trump alleging he raped a 13-year-old … 544K Trump Canard Images from the 'The Simpsons' showing Donald Trump's … 52K Ask. Chat. Poke. Snopes Official Facebook Group What's New West Virginia Town Official Fired for Calling the First Lady an 'Ape in Heels' 24 minutes ago Anti-Trump Protesters Block Ambulance; Father of 4-Year-Old Girl Dies? 2 hours ago Soviet Star Turned Into SpongeBob SquarePants Character by Vandals 10 hours ago Vet Says Chili's Revoked His Free Veterans Day Meal 10 hours ago Donald Trump Was Born in Pakistan 10 hours ago Like Us On Facebook Follow Us Twitter Official snopes RSS Feed Shoot Us An Email What’s New About Us Press Privacy Policy Glossary FAQ Contact Us Careers Advertise Switch To Desktop Version Urban Legends Reference Pages © 1995-2016 by snopes.com This material may not be reproduced without permission. Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Go What's New Fact Checks News Hot 25 Newsletter Archive Glossary Contact Message Board FAQ Random Autos Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Entertainment Fake News Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Humor Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Luck Media Matters Medical Military Old Wives' Tales Politics Quotes Racial Rumors Religion Risquè Business Science September 11 Sports Technology Travel Viral Phenomena Weddings
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 16 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police blotter: Oct. 26 Reports from police departments in Neenah, Menasha and Fox Crossing. Post to Facebook Police blotter: Oct. 26 Reports from police departments in Neenah, Menasha and Fox Crossing.  Check out this story on postcrescent.com: http://post.cr/2fa0tzJ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Police blotter: Oct. 26 For USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 5 p.m. CDT October 24, 2016 Police lights (Photo: Stock) 16 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE City of Neenah Oct. 10 Suspicious vehicle, 600 block of South Commercial Street. A caller stated there is someone sitting in a vehicle in front of a business that has been there for a long time. The caller's wife asked the person what they were doing and the driver stated they are a private investigator. Investigation found the driver was a PI, but didn't call to the police department when he changed locations. Fraud, 2100 block of Marathon Avenue. A person in the lobby wanted to report money missing from her credit union account. There were three different transactions totalling more than $1,000. Theft, 100 block of Stanley Street. A caller reported items stolen from his vehicle included a camera, Macbook and other electronics. Oct. 11 Fraud, 1100 block of West Winneconne Avenue. A caller wanted to speak to an officer about four transactions done at Walmart on her checking account. Suspicious vehicle, 100 block of South Church Street. A caller stated that on the second floor of the parking ramp, a vehicle has the door open and no one in the area. An officer contacted the registered owner who stated she has a habit of leaving her door open and requested the officer to close the door. Oct. 12 Suspicious vehicle, 200 block of Lakeshore Avenue. A vehicle has been driving the the park slowly and the windows are heavily tinted. The vehicle never stops, but keeps returning. An officer located the vehicle and the driver stated they are playing Pokemon, but driving around because of the rain. Suspicious vehicle, 1100 block of Tullar Road. Officers responded for a report of a suspicious vehicle. In speaking the the male in the van, found they are watching the school until 2 a.m. because of Homecoming week.                                          Oct. 13 Theft, 1200 block of Whippoorwill Circle. A caller reported the theft of property from her yard and stated the neighbor witnessed it. City of Menasha Oct. 10 Damage to property, 1000 block of Stillmeadow Lane. Officers were dispatched for damage to vehicle. The caller noticed her driver-side back tire was flat. The tire appeared to have been slashed with a box cutter or small knife. The caller stated that she has been having problems with her neighbor. She just wanted the incident documented in case problems with neighbor continue. Fraud, 200 block of Seventh Street. A caller reported someone used her debit card information at a Walmart in Georgia. There was $258 withdrawn from her account. Oct. 11 Juvenile complaint, 700 block of Seventh Street. A caller reported that juveniles were coming and going from the pavilion at Hart Park. They were staying inside for long periods of time and the caller thought this to be suspicious. Two juvenile females were located and found to be in possession of cigarettes, marijuana and paraphernalia. Theft, 100 block of Oak Park Drive. An officer was dispatched for a theft of medications. Oct. 12 Weapon, 300 block of Second Street. Officers were dispatched for a disturbance involving two individuals breaking into the residence. Dispatch advised that a gun was involved. People in the apartment were injured and the suspects fled the scene. Theft, 1600 block of Midway Road. A student reported his cell phone stolen during lunch. Oct. 13 Ordinance violation, 700 block of Seventh Street. An officer observed juveniles smoking on the concrete pad of the skate park. The juvenile, who did not have any more cigarettes, was warned for both violations. Juvenile complaint, 400 block of Seventh Street. Officers were dispatched to the high school for report that a red pickup truck was circling the school and the occupants were looking to beat up a juvenile who was in school. Fox Crossing Oct. 10 Suspicious person, 2100 block of Holly Road. Officers were sent to a business for a report that a naked man was trying to climb the fence. The 27-year-old Appleton resident, a short distance away and it appeared that he was under the influence of a drug. He was found to be on probation and was taken to jail. Fraud, 100 block of Baldwin Court. A resident reported that someone made fraudulent purchases on her debit card in the Milwaukee area. Fraud, 900 block of Irish Road. A resident reported several fraudulent transactions were made on her debit card from southeastern Wisconsin. Drugs, Valley Road and Barabara Avenue. After stopping a car for driving without any headlights on, the officer could smell marijuana while speaking with the driver. A search of the car unveiled some marijuana, and the driver of the car was found with quite a bit of marijuana concealed down his pants.  A passenger, a 24-year-old Neenah man, was cited for possession of marijuana while the driver, a 20-year-old Menasha man, was taken into custody and jailed for possession of marijuana with intent to deliver. Oct. 12 Weapon, 200 block of West Calumet Street. A 33-year-old Fox Crossing man called 911 stating that he was in the parking lot with a gun and wanted to "kill a cop." Officers responded and found the man in his car. They were assisted by Appleton, Menasha, Neenah and Winnebago County. The 911 dispatcher and officers negotiated with the man for awhile and he was able to drive around the squad cars and leave. Officers pursued the man as he entered State 441 northbound and they were eventually able to get him stopped in Kaukauna. He surrendered and was taken into custody. He was charged with OWI, disorderly conduct and eluding and taken to the Winnebago County Jail.  Oct. 13 Theft, 1400 block of West American Drive. The manager of a convenience called to report the theft of some gasoline. The officer was told that the theft appeared to be intentional and they checked internally and found that the same vehicle had been listed in several other gas drive offs throughout the Fox Valley and that the vehicle owner had been given notice to not patronize any more of these convenience stores. The officer was able to locate the driver, a 29-year-old Oshkosh woman, who admitted that she did not pay for the gas as she was in a hurry. She was charged with theft and trespass. 16 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/2fa0tzJ TOP VIDEOS Raw: Stranded quake cows rescued in New Zealand 0:33 Raw: President Obama Arrives in Greece 0:55 Assessing Packers' reaction to blowout loss 3:07 Tuesday's forecast: Nor'easter brings rain 2:33 Dad found guilty in hot-car death of son 1:57 McCarthy: Didn't handle twists well 1:14 WATCH: Local activist talks Trump presidency 4:29 Hear the verdict being read in hot car death trial 1:49 Cranberry Nut Bread 2:19 Green Knights aim to continue success 1:28 Breitbart might have a job opportunity for Billy Bush 0:51 New Zealand cleans up from quake 1:29 Wisconsin weather forecast for Monday, Nov. 14 0:40 Raw: New Zealand earthquake strands cows 0:39 Listening to Packers fans voicemails: Week 10 3:05 Breaking down Packers' loss to Titans 3:02 UK party leader: Time to mend fences with Trump 1:45 Raw: Anniversary of Attacks Marked Across Paris 2:11 Baby Bruce Springsteen contest 1:21 Malls reinvent the holiday experience 1:46 The story of Thomas Richards 2:58 Lawyer comments on Slender Man film 0:48 Law Enforcement Appreciation Day 2:00 Edgar football moving on to Camp Randall 1:42 Kimberly headed back to state 1:32 Tritons punch ticket back to state 1:57 Saturday's forecast: Mostly dry across U.S. 2:36 Rucksack March for veterans 2:14 Gallagher: 'People have profound concerns' 1:43 Predictions for Packers-Titans 3:03
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 47 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police Calls: Woman robbed at gunpoint in residence Police Calls are a compilation of newsworthy items from around Richland County. Post to Facebook Police Calls: Woman robbed at gunpoint in residence Police Calls are a compilation of newsworthy items from around Richland County.  Check out this story on mansfieldnewsjournal.com: http://ohne.ws/2eLrV2t {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Police Calls: Woman robbed at gunpoint in residence From Public Records 8:45 p.m. EDT October 24, 2016 File photo (Photo: Journal & Courier) 200 block of Cline Avenue, Mansfield - A woman told police she was robbed at gunpoint by two men Sunday afternoon. The men took a purse, $420 in cash and credit and debit cards. One of the men struck another woman at the residence in the face several times, causing her to bleed. Three children, all under the age of six, were present during the robbery. 300 block of W. Sixth St., Mansfield - A man told police someone stole an air compressor worth $150 from his yard Saturday or Sunday. Walmart, 2485 Possum Run Road, Mansfield - A 45-year-old man was arrested for shoplifting from Walmart Sunday afternoon. The man purchased several items but tried to leave the store without paying $50 in men's clothing and $50 in diapers in the bottom of his cart. The man said he forgot about the items and would pay for them, but an employee said the man had made it past the registers and had no intention of paying. 700 block of Scholl Road, Mansfield - A man reported his 24-year-old son missing Sunday evening. He said he has not seen his son since Oct. 18. He also said his son has a history of drug use and could be traveling between friends in the city and county. 300 block of Newman St., Mansfield - A man told police someone stole $800 in cash, $25 in coins and a checkbook between Thursday and Sunday. There were no signs of forced entry. He said he gave a 41 year-old permission to stay the night at his residence Thursday night, but the woman could not be contacted. 300 block of Logan Road, Mansfield - A man told police his vehicle was stolen sometime Saturday or Sunday. The vehicle was unlocked, and the spare key was in the center console. 300 block of Wayne St., Mansfield - Police responded to a report of a burglary Sunday evening. There was nothing missing from the residence, but a south-facing window was broken out. An upstairs neighbor said she saw a man in a gray hooded sweatshirt outside the residence before hearing glass break. She lost sight of the man and didn't know where he went. First block of West Cook Road, Mansfield - A man told police someone entered his residence through an unlocked front window and stole a $700 TV sometime between Thursday and Sunday. 100 block of W. Blanche St., Mansfield - A person called police after hearing seven to eight gun shots and seeing a white vehicle with several men inside quickly driving away. Nine gunshots struck a woman's house, penetrating through to the living room, where she was asleep. The woman's vehicle was struck by two gunshots. A neighbor told police he found two bullet holes in the east side of his garage early Monday morning. His vehicle parked inside the garage was also struck on the front driver side fender panel. Another neighbor's security video of the incident shows a man in a white vehicle shooting at the residence. 200 block of S. Mulberry St., Mansfield - A woman told police Monday morning someone ransacked her vehicle, but she didn't think anything was missing. The same woman's debit card, credit card and social security card were stolen out of her vehicle early Thursday morning. The News Journal does not identify people charged with misdemeanor offenses in the police calls. This is a fairness issue related to the large number of incidents that we cannot report in the wide geographic area being covered. Offenders are identified through subsequent court listings. 47 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2eLrV2t TOP VIDEOS OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:27 Saturday is "payday" for Buckeyes 0:33 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:33 What changed for OSU? 0:20 Lexington at Clyde football 3:11 Lexington wins 0:14 Sleep-Out for the Homeless fundraiser 1:24 Big catch for Buckeyes 0:31 Every week's a dogfight 0:21 Is Samuel being used right? 0:20 Defending his offense 1:10 Halloween parade 0:42 Road to Wrestling: The Tryout 3:35 MANCI Cattle Auction 2:52 Road to Wrestling: Day 40 0:47 Mansfield police mentoring kids at Friendly House 2:25 Make A Difference Day Food Drive 2:49 Butler Apple Festival 2:12 Lillith recovering from being shot 1:52 OSU's Raekwon McMillan 0:38 OSU's Parris Campbell 0:19 Ohio State DB Marshon Lattimore 0:17 Big Guns 20: William vs. Odom 0:53 Big Guns 20: White vs. Johnson 0:30 Big Guns 20: Cody Stevens vs. John De Jesus Highlights 2:59 Road to Wrestling: Day 27 3:25 So much depth at OSU 0:19 Buckeyes act like underdogs 0:23 OSU: competition at WR 0:31 Final Horn Week 6 6:49 Lt. Col. Albert Allen Jr. honored 2:40 Is OSU the Buckeyes' toughest foe? 0:29 OSU receiver Terry McLaurin 0:14 Buckeyes OC Ed Warinner 0:39 OSU quarterbacks coach Tim Beck 0:36 TYQUAN LEWIS, CHRIS WORLEY 0:30 OSU RUNNING BACKS COACH TONY ALFORD 0:48 Road to Wrestling: Day 16 7:22 OSU defensive end Tyquan Lewis 0:37 OSU linebacker Chris Worley 0:36 J.T. Barrett 0:30 Final Horn Week 5 3:17 Grate arraignment 3:33 Ashland County Fair opens 0:47 Final Horn Week 4 4:21 The key to beating the Sooners 0:26 Ready to go in Norman? 0:52 Multi-vehicle crash downtown 1:23 OSU defensive end Sam Hubbard 0:33 OSU linebacker Raekwon McMillan 0:22 OSU coach Greg Schiano 0:29 Growing pains for OSU O-line 0:32 Ashland 911 tape excerpts 1:07 Human remains found in Richland and Ashland counties 0:47 OSU coordinator Greg Schiano 0:29 OSU quarterback J.T Barrett 0:25 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:32 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:41 Road to Wrestling: Day 1 1:02 Hi-Point Fire Arms 1:22 Mickey Gall addresses the media after defeating CM Punk at UFC 203 3:03 Stipe Miocic UFC 203 post-fight press conference at UFC 203 3:06 CM Punk post-fight interview at UFC 203 2:57 Final Horn Week 3: Shelby 41 Clear Fork 18 3:23 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:15 No touchdowns allowed 0:34 Good hands people 0:30 OSU secondary coach Kerry Coombs 0:27 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:07 UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic meets Alistair Overeem at the UFC 203 press conference 0:10 Fabricio Werdum and Travis Browne exchange words at the UFC 203 press conference. 0:20 CM Punk and Mickey Gall face off 0:19 OSU tailback Mike Weber 0:13 OSU guard Billy Price 0:29 Quick Hits: Brandon Myers scores on 6-yard pass against Canton McKinley 0:13 Final Horn Week 2: Mckinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37 3:39 Final Horn: Week 2 (McKinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37) 3:56 AU quarterback Travis Tarnowski 0:28 AU head coach Lee Owens 0:49 AU tight end Adam Shaheen 0:15 AU defensive end Austin Utter 0:17 AU tailback Vance Settlemire 0:20 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:43 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:31 OSU guard Billy Price 0:31 OSUM NCSC Involvement and Community Fair 1:44 Paramedic discusses overdoses 2:10 Richland County Law Enforcement Appreciation Night 1:11 Mid-Ohio Bikers 0:48 Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over 0:57 Noah Brown at OSU Media Day 0:24 J.T. Barrett at OSU Media Day 1:41 Mike Weber at OSU Media Day 0:19 Mansfield veteran's van stolen, recovered 0:44 Cleanup begins after wind damage south of Lexington 1:32 Richland County Junior Fair 1:33 Veterans Honor Ground 0:38 Sights and sounds at the fair 1:03 Sheriff Press Conference over incident at Music Festival 2:42 Malabar Farm Sunday Drive Car Show 0:44 More Stories ‘All Aboard’ for event at John’s Hobby Shop Nov. 14, 2016, 4:05 p.m. 36th Buckeye Bash planned Nov. 21 Nov. 14, 2016, 4 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 15, 2016, 8:44 a.m. Poll: 1 in 5 Ohioans know heroin, opioid user Nov. 15, 2016, 8:53 a.m.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Flood advisory issued for parts of NJ drenched by heavy rains Full Story Email share share tweet email HALLOWEEN Walmart pulls 'suicide scar' Halloween costume from website after complaints Email share share tweet email none (Shutterstock) WABC By Mike Waterhouse Monday, October 24, 2016 NEW YORK (WABC) -- Walmart has pulled a Halloween costume from its website after customers said it was inappropriate. A shopper noticed the "razor blade suicide scar wound latex costume make up" kit online for $3.99 and called out the retailer on social media: Hi Walmart, I would like to know which part of this is a suitable costume for anyone. Self harm isn't a "scary costume" for all to wear :-) pic.twitter.com/BLRpSXGY0J— t i f f (@tiffxxc) October 24, 2016 The post prompted a discussion about how mental illness is a serious matter: This is disgusting that Walmart would attempt to sell this; trying to push SUICIDE AS A COSTUME. Mental illness is no joke.— t i f f (@tiffxxc) October 24, 2016 Self harm scars aren't something fun to add to a costume. Self harm is the result of an abundance of self hatred and mental health issues.— t i f f (@tiffxxc) October 24, 2016 Customers also posted messages on Walmart's Facebook wall: "Your suicide scar makeup kit is disgusting and sends the wrong message - suicide is not something the play with or joke about, especially in conjunction with a holiday that is meant for kids and even teens," wrote Michelle Rafeeqah Fontaine. Walmart since pulled the costume from its website and issued this statement: "This costume is appalling and it was unacceptable for a third-party seller to list it on our marketplace. It clearly violated our prohibited items policy and we removed it when it was brought to our attention." Users quickly responded to Walmart's actions: "Thank you Walmart. As a psychiatrist myself, I was horrified, and there were many other physicians talking about this. Good to know this was not something you sanctioned. Hopefully your quality control around this type of stuff being offered by third party sellers on your marketplace will be tightened up further," wrote Su Jatha. An online petition was started over the weekend, but was stopped after the retailer pulled the item from its website. The third-party seller listed for the suicide scar was BlockBuster Costumes, LLC. Walmart.com continues to list other costumes from that company. Related Topics: shoppinghalloweencostumeswalmartu.s. & worldretail Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WABC-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. HALLOWEEN Suspect in deadly Newburgh Halloween party arrested Watch Kimmel's 'I Told My Kids I Ate All Their Halloween Candy' prank Police investigating reports of needles found in Halloween candy in NJ 'Operation Halloween' aims to protect children from sex offenders Dad gets passengers to help his daughter trick-or-treat on airplane More halloween SHOPPING Tips to survive, even conquer, Black Friday Which stores will be open, which will stay closed this Thanksgiving? Target to open new Hell's Kitchen store in 2019 John Lewis releases their heartwarming, hilarious 2016 christmas ad Samsung recalls washing machines that may explode More Shopping Top Stories Amber Alert canceled after 4-year-old girl found safe in NJ Manhunt for father after girl abandoned at terminal, mother found dead Police: Robbers fatally shoot 4-year-old over mom's purse Former soap actor charged with child molestation WV official placed on leave over racist Michelle Obama post NYPD boosts security after ISIS threat to attack Thanksgiving parade Thousands of dead fish turn up in Long Island canal Show More NYC students walk out of class to protest Donald Trump Rudy Giuliani among top contenders for Trump Secretary of State choice Flood advisory issued for parts of NJ drenched by heavy rains VIDEO: Men rob Brooklyn store as worker tries to fight them off Chicago couple claims breeder took their French bulldog More News Photos PHOTOS: Angry about Trump win, protesters take to city streets Photos: Faces of stunned Clinton supporters after Trump win Photos: Donald Trump's 2016 Election Day Photos: Hillary Clinton's 2016 Election Day More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Corporate America Loves Solar Energy Household companies like Target, Apple, and Walmart are some of the biggest solar customers in the U.S. today. Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Oct 24, 2016 at 12:15PM The decision to install solar panels can be driven by factors like a desire to use clean energy or an interest in becoming more self-sufficient when it comes to electricity. But when large companies choose to go solar, they're doing so based on the dollars and cents of the investment. You may not know if the Target or Walmart store you're shopping at has solar, but if it does, it's saving the company money. And today, U.S. corporations are installing solar energy rapidly as a way to save millions of dollars.  Some corporate solar installations provide both energy and shade for customers, like this one. Image source: SunPower. Corporate America loves solar The Solar Energy Industries Association recently released its Solar Means Business 2016 report, and it showed a big increase in the amount of solar energy on corporate rooftops. There's now over 1 GW of solar for corporate customers, enough to power 193,000 homes. Target led the way with 147.5 MW, with 70 MW installed so far in 2016, while Walmart is using 145.0 MW. Apple's 93.9 MW and Costco's 50.7 MW means those companies are also among the top five installers.  Seven out of ten among the top ten corporate customers have installed SunPower (NASDAQ:SPWR) solar panels, reflecting the company's corporate focus. SolarCity (NASDAQ:SCTY), meanwhile, has Walmart as a major customer.  One incredible stat from the report is that more than three quarters of the commercial solar installations and half of the capacity are at data centers. Large data centers are often buildings with flat roofs, perfect for solar energy, and they're energy hogs. So offsetting some, or all, of the energy consumption with solar on a roof or a nearby field is an attractive option.  Image source: SolarCity. How big is commercial solar today?  In the first three quarters of 2016 there was 142 MW of solar installed at corporate sites. Compared to a total of 13.9 GW expected to be installed in 2016, this is a fairly small market. But it's becoming increasingly important.  Utility-scale solar, which will be around 7.8 GW this year, is the largest segment of the solar market in general. But it's highly volatile, and 2017 will see only a small number of new projects signed and built. Commercial solar is improving in viability, and will likely be a growth market in the future.  One reason that corporate solar customers haven't traditionally been a big customer base is that it's hard to finance their installation. It may sound crazy, but it's easier to finance a residential solar project that's backed by a customer with a reliable FICO score than it is a corporate customer with anything but a stellar credit rating. Companies come and go, leaving creditors in their wake, and solar companies -- and their financers -- don't want to take the loss for companies that go out of business. Today, solar is cheap enough that companies can put systems on their balance sheets, or even take out loans to finance projects. This means the financing barrier is breaking down, opening up the market.  Who is winning in commercial solar The two companies that have put a lot of attention on commercial solar are SunPower and SolarCity. Both have installation designs built to make commercial rooftop installations cost effective and efficient.  SunPower's pitch is based more around a higher efficiency product that's able to squeeze more energy out of each square foot. In small installations, a higher efficiency can lead to lower cost per watt -- that's a big reason the company is serving so many of these customers.  Travis Hoium owns shares of Apple and SunPower. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Costco Wholesale, and SolarCity. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @TravisHoium Article Info Oct 24, 2016 at 12:15PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $106.74 up $1.03 (0.97%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.82 up $0.33 (0.47%) Target NYSE:TGT $71.45 down $0.72 (-1.00%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $150.96 down $-1.04 (-0.68%) SunPower NASDAQ:SPWR $6.96 up $0.08 (1.16%) SolarCity NASDAQ:SCTY $19.61 up $0.13 (0.67%) Read More 3 Great Stocks You Can Buy on Sale Why SunPower Corporation's Shares Plunged 12% Today 4 Red Flags in Tesla’s SolarCity Buyout Is SolarCity's Buffalo Solar Plant a Failure? Tesla Thinks So Here's Why Lithium-Ion Batteries Probably Aren't the Future of Stationary Energy Storage Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Latest News Dow 18,837 -31.57 -0.17% Nasdaq 5,254 +35.82 +0.69% S&P 500 2,170 +5.77 +0.27% 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Trump is just the black — make that orange — swan that Wall Street was bracing for 1:21 P.M. ET Updated Fears of ‘craziness’ in the Trump camp are overblown, says Bridgewater’s Ray Dalio 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Trump carnage in bonds spells trouble for stocks 1:07 P.M. ET Ben Carson’s spokesman explains why the doctor won’t be in Trump’s cabinet 1:06 P.M. ET Dick's Sporting Goods benefits from rivals' woes 1:03 P.M. ET President Obama and Greek Prime Minister Discuss Global Economy 12:58 P.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 12:56 P.M. ET Opinion 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 12:55 P.M. ET Updated How do startup robo advisers stack up against the big banks? 12:55 P.M. ET VW, Audi may face higher costs in emissions case 12:49 P.M. ET How Close Are We to a ‘Contagion’ Scenario? 12:49 P.M. ET Fighting Hacking: How Proactive Is the U.S. Government? 12:48 P.M. ET 4 Ways to Improve Your Credit Score 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Target earnings: Sales expected to be hurt by lower food prices 12:46 P.M. ET Updated S&P 500’s ‘bull trend’ strengthens amid election-fueled sector rotation 12:45 P.M. ET Updated Wal-Mart earnings: Investments could put pressure on results 12:43 P.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 bounces to higher close as EasyJet, supermarket stocks gain 12:41 P.M. ET U.S.-Russia Relations: Three Key Flashpoints 12:40 P.M. ET Opiate Addiction: How to Tackle the Growing Problem 12:38 P.M. ET Tobacco Is Still the Biggest Killer Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Most retailers would benefit from staying closed on Thanksgiving Day By Tonya Garcia Published: Oct 24, 2016 12:19 p.m. ET Share Many retailers ought to focus their attention on e-commerce Getty Images Macy’s shoppers will have an extra hour to shop this Thanksgiving Day. By TonyaGarcia Reporter In an effort to squeeze every dollar out of the holiday shopping season, sales associates and other retail workers cut short their Thanksgiving dinners in order to get the doors open for bargain hunters. However, there are very few retailers that gain from a Thanksgiving opening. “We doubt that the majority of specialty retailers benefit from involvement in this annual Thanksgiving opening arms race,” Moody’s Investors Service wrote in a note published Thursday. “Toys R Us and Best Buy Co. Inc. BBY, -0.78%  , which we consider specialty retailers, are likely the only ones that could make a case for being open before midnight on Thanksgiving night, and even that might be a push. Shoppers can only visit one store at a time and door-buster sales are typically heavily skewed toward toys and consumer electronics.” See also: More retailers, malls plan to stay closed on Thanksgiving Day The Mall of America, Office Depot Inc. ODP, -1.62%   and consumer electronics retailer Hhgregg Inc. HGG, +1.88%   are among the retailers that have announced they’ll be closed on Thanksgiving. Moody’s says Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +0.52%   has been a “catalyst” for Thanksgiving openings. The retail giant opened initially to help shoppers who needed groceries for their Thanksgiving dinners. “Other retailers have felt the pressure and have played follow the leader,” Moody’s wrote. “Department stores might be one of the few retailers that would benefit from opening on Thanksgiving evening,” noting that Macy’s Inc. M, -0.61%   recently announced it would be open for an hour more this year than last. See also: Macy’s adds electronics, including an Apple store, in time for the holiday season Whether retailers are open on Thanksgiving or not, the decision is framed as one made with shoppers in mind. A Macy’s spokesperson told MarketWatch recently that the decision to open earlier was “in response to significant, ongoing customer interest in shopping on Thanksgiving.” Hhgregg took consumers and staff into account, according to a release. “It’s important to us that our associates are able to be home with their families on Thanksgiving, and we are encouraging our customers to do the same -- knowing great deals will be available online, on Black Friday and through the weekend,” Hhgregg Chief Executive Bob Riesbeck said in the announcement about the close. Despite the statements, these decisions are made from a business standpoint. “It sounds altruistic but there’s a P&L discussion,” said Charlie O’Shea, lead retail analyst at Moody’s. “If you’re not going to open, what are you going to do? You redeploy your assets and dollars elsewhere.” See also: ‘The Amazon effect’ and 3 other things to watch for this holiday shopping season Whether physical locations are open or not, shoppers can log on to shop anytime online, which is where Moody’s recommends retailers focus. “We believe most retailers would be best served shifting dollars spent on Thanksgiving openings by pulling their web specials forward and picking off some additional sales earlier in the week, and offering heavier in-store promotions over the weekend,” the Moody’s note said. “We’ve seen too many instances of apparel retailers having to promote heavily the week after Thanksgiving, which is an indication that sales were slow over the weekend.” Over the years, consumers seem to have grown used to the Thanksgiving Day openings, even if they still have a distaste for the practice. More than half (55%) of Americans surveyed by RichRelevance, a tech company that services more than 200 retailers, said they are “annoyed” or “very annoyed” when stores stay open on Thanksgiving, down from 65% in 2014. To really gain goodwill, companies should follow specialty outdoor retailer REI, which announced Monday that all of its stores will be closed on both Thanksgiving and Black Friday, a repeat of last year’s #OptOutside initiative, which encouraged shoppers to go outdoors. This year, REI says it has been joined by hundreds of other organizations including The National Parks Service, Google GOOGL, +2.59%   and Subaru of America. More than seven in 10 Americans (73%) say they like retailers more for remaining closed, according to RichRelevance. And 48% said they’re more likely to shop at REI because of their decision to stay closed. “If I’m standing in line at Walmart to get the latest and great TV set, I’m not in someone else’s line,” said O’Shea. “No one puts themselves through that unless they’re buying.” Wal-Mart shares are up 12.3% for the year so far. Macy’s shares are up 4.8% for 2016 to date. And the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.27%   is up 5.3% for the same period. More from MarketWatch Trump, as Outsider, Broke Every Rule on Road to Victory Trump reportedly stumped by how West Wing works Tech CEO placed on leave for threatening to kill Trump: report Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Real Estate Mission to Mars: Will real estate on the red planet take off? View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Best Buy Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BBY $39.63 -0.31 (-0.78%) Volume 4.1M Open $39.55 High $40.28 Low $39.03 P/E Ratio 12.88 Div Yield 2.83 Market Cap 12.2B Office Depot Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ODP $4.26 -0.07 (-1.62%) Volume 4.2M Open $4.33 High $4.34 Low $4.10 P/E Ratio 7.48 Div Yield 2.34 Market Cap 2.2B HHGregg Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HGG $1.63 +0.03 (+1.88%) Volume 38008 Open $1.61 High $1.70 Low $1.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 44.5M Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $70.86 +0.37 (+0.52%) Volume 4.4M Open $70.79 High $70.97 Low $70.35 P/E Ratio 15.24 Div Yield 2.82 Market Cap 220.3B Macy's Inc. U.S.: NYSE: M $41.31 -0.25 (-0.61%) Volume 3.4M Open $41.57 High $41.79 Low $40.45 P/E Ratio 18.91 Div Yield 3.65 Market Cap 12.6B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $772.76 +19.54 (+2.59%) Volume 2.0M Open $765.47 High $780.13 Low $765.22 P/E Ratio 28.26 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 524.6B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,169.98 +5.78 (+0.27%) Volume 314.4M Open 2,168 High 2,173 Low 2,166 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
null
null
Facebook Twitter G+ Site search Subscribe Login November 15, 2016 Ottawa 10°C Complete weather forecast Don't miss your latest complete newspaper edition. CLICK TO READ Home Local Technology Real Estate Canada - World Opinion Other Sponsored Content Events Subscribers Magazines Ottawa Business Journal> Canada - World Five stories to watch in Canadian business this week The Canadian Press ~ OBJ Published on October 24, 2016 Share 0 0 Comment Send to a friend Print Send to a friend Send this article to a friend. Name* Email* Your name* Your email* Comments Submit Here are some of the stories that will make headlines in the coming days: For illustrative purposes only. The economy: There will be plenty of economic talk on Monday. The day kicks off with Statistics Canada releasing the wholesale trade figures for August. Jean-Denis Frechette, the parliamentary budget officer, then releases a report on economic and fiscal projections. Later in the day, both Frechette and Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz will appear before the House of Commons finance committee. Walmart vs. Visa: New battles will be drawn Monday in the dispute between the two corporate behemoths over merchant fees when Walmart stops accepting Visa credit cards at all of its 16 stores in Manitoba. The move comes after Walmart phased out Visa from its three outlets in Thunder Bay, Ont., in July, arguing that it pays too much in credit card fees. The bottom line: Earnings season gets into full swing this week. A number of corporate heavyweights are reporting their latest results, including Barrick Gold, Husky and Restaurant Brands International. Trains and grain: Canadian National Railway also releases its results come Tuesday and expect some discussion over concerns from farmers who say there could be a grain backlog this year because of a bumper crop. The issue has grabbed the attention of federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau, who met with farmers last week in Saskatoon. Fish talk: Federal Fisheries Minister Dominic LeBlanc addresses a conference Wednesday in Ottawa. The talk will deal with efforts to rebuild Canada's fisheries for long-term prosperity. Organizations: Walmart, Visa, Statistics Canada Frechette and Bank of Canada House of Commons Barrick Gold Canadian National Railway Geographic location: Manitoba, Thunder Bay, Saskatoon Ottawa Canada For illustrative purposes only. 1 2 3 4 5 Thanks for voting! Top of page Comments Comments Your name* Email* Comment* Advertising More Forty Under 40 Nominations OBJToday Email Newsletter Networking Breakfasts Upcoming Events Market Leaders Book of Lists databases Advertise With Us Small Business School Videos OBJ Outdoor Box Locations Advertising Advertising Case studies & videos One Young World 2016 - Get Involved Ottawa Tourism Stability Through Diversity Calian Technologies Ltd. One small change really can make a big difference Hydro Ottawa More Case Studies Newsletter Most popular Most read Most commented Trump victory leads to busy morning for Ottawa immigration lawyers Ottawa homebuilders shying away from launching new condo projects Hilton-branded hotels planned for Morguard’s Queen Street site in Ottawa Ottawa’s Carleton University to spend $50M on building retrofits, new environment institute Taking on the world from Ottawa: BOBs awards celebrate city’s business champions Chaudière Falls to be illuminated as part of Ottawa 2017 festivities Commented 5 times Hilton-branded hotels planned for Morguard’s Queen Street site in Ottawa Commented 3 times Design selected for downtown Ottawa Stanley Cup monument Commented 1 time Taking on the world from Ottawa: BOBs awards celebrate city’s business champions Commented 1 time A lifetime of achievements: Q&A with Ottawa’s Michael Potter Commented 1 time Twitter Tweets de @obj_news Events All events Add an event Expert Bloggers Alessia Petricone Westwood1 Nelligan O'Brien Payne Blog: Enforcing Forum Selection Clauses - How to avoid litigating where you litigate Victoria Boddy5 Brazeau Seller LLP - Victoria Boddy Blog: Getting the Most for your Legal Dollars in Small Claims Court Michael Peggs1 Marccx Media Blog: Five Ways To Obtain Business Funding In Ottawa David Reid15 BrazeauSellerLLP - David Reid Blog: Setting the Stage for Coach Houses in Ottawa More bloggers here Follow us on Facebook Twitter G+ Get our newsletter Contact us Ottawa Business Journal is published by Great River Media Inc. Ottawa Business Journal 250 City Centre Ave., Suite 500 Ottawa, K1R 6K7 613-238-1818 Powered by Transcontinental Conditions of Use
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Hockey Inside/Out All Hockey Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Careers Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Subscribe News Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment |Featured: Police surveillance scandal Métro at 50 Hockey Inside/Out Aislin, Boris & Gigot | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Advertise Opinion Gallery of the latest Aislin, Pascal and Boris cartoons Life Susan Schwartz: Breaking the mental illness stigma Driving.ca Driving: A Current Affair: Volkswagen’s future is increasingly electric Local News Montreal this morning: More double-digit weather Business Tax Strategy: Cash gifts to a child are not taxable 5 / 5 While you were sleeping: The health of Quebecers, Walmart’s credit check spreads, and Grace Kelly’s Philly palace is back in royal hands Montreal Gazette More from Montreal Gazette Published on: October 24, 2016 | Last Updated: October 24, 2016 7:37 AM EST Grace Kelly after winning the 1956 Oscar. This image was part of the exhibition "From Philadelphia to Monaco: Grace Kelly - Beyond the Icon" at the McCord Museum in 2013. Justin Tang / Montreal Gazette Share Adjust Comment Print Here’s our roundup of the best and brightest stories this morning. Get well soon: More affordable housing, less smoking, more home care for seniors, fewer sugary drinks. Those are a few of things Quebec thinks it’s going to take to have a healthier population, and it’s putting money where the province’s mouth is with an ambitious $76.1 million preventive health policy. There was a lot of applause for the program, but also some skepticism, with a patients’ rights advocate calling the whole thing a shell game. The government has cut 500 beds in long term facilities in the last 10 years, he said, “and I’m supposed to be happy with $76 million over the next 10 years? It’s ridiculous.” Credit check: The dispute between Walmart Canada and Visa over merchant fees heats up as the retail giant stops accepting the credit card in Manitoba. Walmart first refused Visa at its stores in Thunder Bay, arguing that the financial services firm charges high fees to merchants. The company claims it pays more than $100 million a year in credit card fees, and that customers in Thunder Bay didn’t mind at all. It promises to phase out Visa in all Canadian stores, which Visa calls “disappointing.” It’s a little like watching your two rich uncles bicker while you try to pay the Hydro bill, isn’t it? Speaking of riches: The Philadelphia home where Oscar-winning actress Grace Kelly grew up and accepted a marriage proposal from Prince Rainier III of Monaco in 1955 is now in the hands of the royal family. Her son, Prince Albert of Monaco, bought the six-bedroom, 2.5-story Colonial home, saying he was happy to have saved it “from a near certain death or development.” The property last made headlines in 2014 when its 81-year-old former owner pleaded no contest to animal cruelty charges for keeping cats and dogs in unsanitary conditions. Officials seized 15 cats and found the remains of several others. Yet Prince Albert said he has pleasant early memories of visits to the home, such as staring out an upstairs window or rolling around on the living room carpet. “The house is filled with little moments like that. Moments of being a family.” Grace Kelly’s family’s home in Philadelphia was purchased by Kelly’s son, Prince Albert, in October 2016. April Saul / AP Montreal Gazette, Canadian Press, Associated Press Is Quebec's $76.1M health pledge enough? Laval police investigate attempted murder Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Most Popular Local News Local News Applebaum corruption trial hears wiretap details Local News McGill student union soothes peers stressed about Trump West Island Gazette Mike Goudreau performs — for TV, film, on tour and at Stewart Hall Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share While you were sleeping: The health of Quebecers, Walmart’s credit check spreads, and Grace Kelly’s Philly palace is back in royal hands Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Movies Television Theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals © 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Contact ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Monday / November 14, 2016 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Ask the Experts Quizzes Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds PLACE AN AD THRIFT SALE MAP Jobs Coupons Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL Obituaries Mathilda Hurt Mathilda Anna Mae “Tillie” Hurt, 87, of Chippewa Falls, passed away on Saturday, October 22, 2016 at the Comforts of Home in Chippewa Falls. Mathilda was born on April 22, 1929 in the town of Delmar, the daughter of the late Michael and Catherine (Zwiefelhofer) Yeager. On April 29, 1950, Mathilda married Walmar Hurt, Sr. at St. Joseph’s Church in Boyd. Mathilda attended school in Boyd. She retired in 1996 from Mason Shoe Factory after 25 years of service and then worked two more years as seasonal in the shipping department, she loved her job. Mathilda enjoyed going to their cabin up north with family and friends. Mathilda is survived by three daughters, Marsha Roder, Maria (Tom) Cooney and Melissa (Kirk) Watton all of Chippewa Falls; four sons, Walmar N. “Toby” Hurt, Jr. and Jeffery (Nancy) Hurt both of Chippewa Falls, Michael (Jeannie) Hurt of Fall Creek and Anthony (Rhonda) Hurt of Solon Springs; 16 grandchildren, 5 step grandchildren, 22 great grandchildren, 10 step great grandchildren; one step great great granddaughter; special nephews, Jerry Goodman and Dan (Lisa) Yeager and family; and special niece, Monica Jones. Mathilda was preceded in death by her husband, Walmar; her parents; two sisters, Florien Goodman and Eva Hrbreak; and six brothers, Gilbert, Clarence, Franklin, Harold, Michael and Daniel Yeager. Mathilda loved her family and was always there when needed. She loved being with all her grandchildren, great grandchildren and great great granddaughter. Private family services will be held at the Horan Funeral Home in Chippewa Falls. Interment will be in Hope Cemetery in Chippewa Falls. Family and friends may express condolences online at http://www.horanfuneralhome.com. Recommended Terri Evans Frederick Cleasby Rebecca Kortbein Douglas Meriwether Duane Mahder Patrick Stendahl Daniel Kahl Margery Kohlhepp Leona Horn Elaine Kosakoski Obituaries From This Day Arlys Mullen BLOOMER — Arlys R. Mullen age 92, passed away at MCHS in Eau Claire on Saturday, October 22, 2016. Mary Wanzong Mary Jacqueline (Jackie) Wanzong, age 81, passed away peacefully on October 10, 2016 after a short stay at Clearwater Care Center, in Eau Claire, Wisconsin. Search Obituaries Use this form to search The Leader-Telegram for obituaries and death notices. keywords Date Options On the date of Date Range Beginning on Ending on Search Death Notices By Date 11.14.16 BRUCE, JD, 87, of Eau Claire died Saturday at Clearwater Care Center in Eau Claire. 11.13.16 BROWN, Verne, 71, of Hixton died Saturday at home. 11.12.16 CLEASBY, Frederick, 85, of Eau Claire died Friday at Dove Healthcare-West Eau Claire. 11.11.16 BISCHEL, James L., 72, of Bloomer died Tuesday at home. 11.10.16 CLARK, Daniel J., 63, of Menomonie died Wednesday at home. 11.9.16 BISCHEL, James L., 72, of Bloomer died Tuesday at home. 11.8.16 COLEMAN, John W., 79, of Rice Lake died Sunday at HSHS Sacred Heart Hospital in Eau Claire. 11.7.16 AYERS, Kathleen M. “Kathy,” 72, of Menomonie died Sunday at home. Search Obituaries Use this form to search The Leader-Telegram for obituaries and death notices. keywords Date Options On the date of Date Range Beginning on Ending on Search Death Notices By Date 11.14.16 BRUCE, JD, 87, of Eau Claire died Saturday at Clearwater Care Center in Eau Claire. 11.13.16 BROWN, Verne, 71, of Hixton died Saturday at home. 11.12.16 CLEASBY, Frederick, 85, of Eau Claire died Friday at Dove Healthcare-West Eau Claire. 11.11.16 BISCHEL, James L., 72, of Bloomer died Tuesday at home. 11.10.16 CLARK, Daniel J., 63, of Menomonie died Wednesday at home. 11.9.16 BISCHEL, James L., 72, of Bloomer died Tuesday at home. 11.8.16 COLEMAN, John W., 79, of Rice Lake died Sunday at HSHS Sacred Heart Hospital in Eau Claire. 11.7.16 AYERS, Kathleen M. “Kathy,” 72, of Menomonie died Sunday at home. Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read Charges: Couple made porn videos in Eau Claire Family business set to close Off Beat: North grads get engaged at Lambeau Field New CF outdoor ice rink nears completion Deer expected to be more plentiful for this year's gun season More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2016 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business Wal-Mart has embraced the so-called click-and-collect model, in which shoppers select their food online, and then workers fill the order and have it ready for pickup at a store parking lot. (Sandy Huffaker/Bloomberg News) Wal-Mart has embraced the so-called click-and-collect model, in which shoppers select their food online, and then workers fill the order and have it ready for pickup at a store parking lot. (Sandy Huffaker/Bloomberg News) Amazon aims to gobble up Wal-Mart’s food business Add to ... SPENCER SOPER and CRAIG GIAMMONA Bloomberg News Published Sunday, Oct. 23, 2016 4:22PM EDT Last updated Sunday, Oct. 23, 2016 4:24PM EDT Comments AA For years, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has followed Amazon.com Inc., putting inventory online and starting its own version of a marketplace where third-party merchants can sell their wares. Now, Amazon is returning the favour. The e-commerce behemoth is building pickup locations for groceries in Seattle that could open by the end of the year, according to someone familiar with the plans, echoing a strategy embraced by its chief brick-and-mortar rival. Delivering fresh food is complicated and the one issue keeping Amazon and other tech companies from disrupting the grocery business. Most consumers still get their milk, produce and meat from Wal-Mart, Kroger and other traditional grocers. But while e-commerce has yet to take hold in the United States’s $800-billion (U.S.) grocery market, Amazon is betting that could change as millennials accustomed to shopping online enter their prime food-buying years. “We know their best customers are willing to buy groceries online,” says Cowen & Co. analyst John Blackledge. “The onus is on Amazon to deliver because the demand is there.” Amazon began experimenting with the grocery business in 2007 when the company started AmazonFresh in the Seattle area, where the company is based. The service offered doorstep delivery of a limited selection of groceries, saving consumers driving time and the trouble of pushing a shopping cart around a store. The service has slowly expanded to 16 U.S. markets, including Los Angeles, New York and Boston. In June, the company rolled out the service to Prime subscribers in London, the first time it has been offered outside the United States. Amazon currently offers same-day delivery of more than 130,000 items for £7 ($10) a month on top of the cost of Prime. Recently, AmazonFresh hit a milestone when it stopped losing money in Seattle, according to the person. Earlier this month, the company dropped the price from $299 (U.S.) a year to $15 a month in the United States – $180 annually – which proved immediately popular with shoppers and emboldened Amazon to accelerate its grocery ambitions, the person said. Wal-Mart and Kroger have embraced the so-called click-and-collect model. Shoppers select their food online, and then workers fill the order and have it ready for pickup in the store parking lot. Besides side-stepping potential spoilage, Wal-Mart is hoping that shoppers will buy other things once they’ve made it as far as the parking lot. The service is still rolling out nationally, so it’s too early to judge its popularity among the targeted demo of millennial mothers. Amazon, of course, doesn’t have much of a physical presence in the United States beyond a few bookstores. So the company is turning to pickup locations for its groceries. In Seattle, Amazon is building facilities that resemble gas stations, where shoppers could pull in and pick up their groceries. Amazon’s push into fresh food is a direct threat to the established players. In Britain, the company has entered a crowded market where Tesco PLC and Web grocer Ocado Group PLC have been engaged in a price war for years. Ocado shares plummeted when Amazon announced its British plans. In the United States, the main tussle will play out between Amazon and Wal-Mart, which is the country’s largest grocer, generates more than half its sales from selling food and uses cheap goods to lure customers to its stores. Time and again, Amazon has shown itself willing to absorb losses while it builds a commanding market share. In groceries, the company is willing to break even in an effort to persuade shoppers to visit the site more often, one of the people said. The big question is whether a sizable numbers of Americans will be prepared to purchase fresh food online, sight unseen. For many people, there’s no substitute for personally assessing the ripeness of an avocado or the thickness of a steak. Wal-Mart and other traditional grocers are spending billions to improve the shopping experience and doubling down on prepared meals and private label products you can’t get anywhere else. “There’s still going to be a place for stores that have a good selection and provide that experience,” industry consultant Roger Davidson says. Report Typo/Error   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$70.85 +0.35 (+0.50%) AMZN-QAmazon.com Inc Latest Price$738.67 +19.60 (+2.73%) Updated November 15 1:09 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Wal-Mart touts e-commerce over stores, tempers profit view Amazon raises stakes as retailers battle for customers online Amazon is now eating all the department stores, too Topics Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. United States of America Food and Beverage Retail Amazon.com, Inc. Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Globe Drive Is there a downside to driving on winter tires in the summer? Life Ten tips for coaxing the best flavours from your slow cooker Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Globe Investor Tired of wild market swings? Here’s a more pastoral approach to investing Report on Business Become deliberate in what you do in order to succeed The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party News Who is Melania Trump? News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters News Obama on Trump: 'Reality has a way of asserting itself' News Cows rescued after being stranded in New Zealand quake Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Report on Business Trump victory taking shine off gold Report on Business No escape for Park as South Korea scandal intensifies News Punches thrown in Ukrainian parliament as MPs get personal Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Sightseeing in Paris? Canadian-French app can help Report on Business Squeeze put on Vancouver’s industrial space More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business CPPIB revamps public markets unit as CEO moves to refocus fund Life Lives Lived: Halyna Maria Kopach, 69 Most popular Trump staff shake-up slows transition to near halt RBC hikes some fixed mortgage rates as bond yields spike A Trump presidency: it might not be all bad Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Who will Trump pick for his cabinet? A list of some likely contenders​ X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog

Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close WWD logo Fashion Trussardi Group Inks Licensing Agreement With Brave Kid Cotton Inc. Celebrates a Decade for Blue Jeans Goes Green Accessories Council Summit Hosts Sustainability Discussion William Banks-Blaney Scores Documentary Deal Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Finish Line Considers Sale of JackRabbit Gwen Stefani, Zendaya Among Glamour Women of the Year 2016 Brand Assembly Square, The Park Creative Build Collaborative Workspaces in Los Angeles TJX Net Falls, but Sales Increase Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Middle East is Posed to Surpass U.S. in Fragrance, Cartier Says Madison Reed Introduces Hair-Color Chatbot on Facebook Messenger Scentbird Collaborates With YouTube Stars for New Color Cosmetics Launch Q&A: Melania Trump's Hairstylist Mordechai Alvow Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Gant Relocates Regent Street Space, Launches New Store Concept Ciro Paone to Be Honored at Pitti Uomo Gents Acquired by Ridge Capital Partners, Wendell Brown to Be Creative Director Bergdorf Installs Paul Smith Cube in Men's Store Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Ann Taylor Spring 2017 Elie Saab Bridal Fall 2017 ATM Anthony Thomas Melillo Pre-Fall 2017 Paco Rabanne Resort 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Australian Accessories Label Mon Purse Launches at Selfridges Black Accessory Designer Alliance Hosts Panel Discussion 'A Party for Your Foot': Sarah Jessica Parker Launches Festive Collection With Net-a-porter Luxottica Becomes Private Ordinary Founder of La Scala Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Sienna Miller and Dominic West Toast 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry' Inside 'The New Garconne' Stuart Weitzman Celebrates Regent St. Store Opening with Gigi Hadid Shantel VanSanten Is a Teen Drama Actor No Longer Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Canada Goose Opens American Flagship in SoHo The 4,000-square-foot store is located on Wooster Street. clock 6h • Jean E. Palmieri Beauty Estée Lauder to Acquire Too Faced Beauty Brand for $1.4B The Too Faced deal is the largest acquisition that Estée Lauder has made. clock 20h • Pete Born and Evan Clark Business American Apparel Turnaround Dubbed Failure American Apparel’s second bankruptcy, less than a year after emerging from the first, reveals a number of misfires in the strategy. clock November 14, 2016 • Kari Hamanaka Masqueology Brings South Korean Skin-care Innovations to the Masses The brand's sheet masks have entered more than 3,000 Wal-Mart doors. By Rachel Brown on October 23, 2016 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk A sheet mask from Masqueology. Masqueology wants no one to miss out on the South Korean skin-care craze. After originally launching five years ago with prestige positioning at Sephora and Macy’s, the brand has pivoted to the mass market by entering Wal-Mart. The world’s largest retailer last month began carrying six of its sheet masks at moire than 3,000 doors: Vita Clarifying Cream Mask, Moisturizing Face Mask, Special Care Mask, Moisturizing Foot Mask, Moisturizing Hand Mask and the best-selling Collagen Lifting Cream Mask. “When we started, [South] Korean skin care was basically nonexistent in the U.S., and it’s come to the forefront. Everybody has started jumping on the [South] Korean skin-care bandwagon, and a lot of the big mainstream retailers contacted me about [South] Korean skin care,” said Phillip Ha, chief executive officer of Masqueology parent company Beauty Architects. “The mass market is looking for this technology at affordable prices. Mass customers are more savvy about technology now because of the Internet and social media.” To suit a broader customer base, Masqueology had to slash prices, but it sought not to make sacrifices while doing so. At prestige retailers, it’s masks were $8 to $12 per sheet and, today, the masks are available for $2.50 to $4 per sheet. Although they’re cheaper, Ha emphasized the products haven’t changed. “Because of the volume, we could bring down our costs and the price,” he explained. “We bring high quality products to the mass market.” As Masqueology widens its retail distribution, it’s also widening its merchandise assortment. Masks developed to improve hair are due out next month. Ha detailed there will be three hitting Wal-Mart shelves that are designed to hydrate, volumize and remedy damage. “After you wash your hair, you put them over your hair. They’re almost like a turban. It’s a specially made foil with ingredients inside,” said Ha. “You keep them on for 15 to 20 minutes and, after you finish, you take them off and wash off the formula. It’s a deep treatment.” In January, Masqueology is pushing beyond masks with skin-care products including Bubble Cleanser and Hydro Booster Sleeping Cream. Of the former, Ha expounded, “Once this product gets in contact with oxygen, it bubbles up. It’s a light exfoliation, and it cleanses your face. The bubbles help the formula penetrate deep so you get all the dirt out.” Of the latter, he continued, “You put it on your face, and you sleep with it on all night. That is what’s trending right now. It’s all about leaving the product on overnight to really moisturize your skin.” Masqueology is on course to generate $15 million in retail sales over the next year, and Ha indicated that figure could mount if the brand enters additional retail accounts. He’s in talks with large chains interested in giving customers the latest in South Korean skin-care with Masqueology. Beauty Architects’ mission is to leverage South Korean beauty innovation for release in the U.S. “We talk with the chemists and factories all the time…to see what new technologies there are going forward, and we gather all that information together to see how the market is moving,” Ha said. “We sometimes even bring technologies to the market before the trend is actually there. My goal is to be a trendsetter.” You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. skincare Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Beauty Estée Lauder to Acquire Too Faced Beauty Brand for $1.4B clock 20h • Pete Born and Evan Clark Latest Galleries Stuart Weitzman Celebrates Regent St. Store Opening with Gigi Hadid Spring 2017 Fashion Trend: Jumpsuits They Are Wearing: Alexander Wang Sample Sale FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd "It's not the technique that makes the difference in fashion, but the care and passion. Talent is conceptual, but if there is no passion or sharing a project, you lose the poetry." - @maisonvalentino's creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli (📷: Simone Lezzi) @wwd Exclusive behind-the-scenes look at @victoriassecret Angel @josephineskriver's fitting for the VS Fashion Show. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd ICYMI: From @dior opening its first makeup boutique in NYC to @lordandtaylor unveiling its holiday windows, here are all the major highlights from this week. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd See all the hottest sneaker trends from Sneaker Con NYC. 👟 (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd The Life Aquatic: Designers showered their spring collections with all manner of maritime references, making for a refreshing season. (📷: @eds1ngleton) @wwd Here we are!! @stellamccartney #menswear #abbeyroadstudios 📷 @maryamccartney 👍🏽 #stellaxabveyrd @wwd #beastieboys 👌🏽 #stellaxabbeyrd @stellamccartney 📷 @marymccartney #nenswear #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @wwd @sharleenspiteri 🎉 #WWD #stellaxabbeyrd 📷@maryamccartney @wwd #bethditto 👌🏽#stellaxabbeyrd #wwd @stellamccartney 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd Feels like home #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @stellamccartney #london 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd @stellamccartney is unveiling her first ever men's collection today. For an exclusive insider look, follow along on our Instagram Stories as Stella's sister @maryamccartney takes you behind the scenes. Tune in at 2 p.m. EST. #StellaXAbbeyRd @wwd We're talking spring trends with @netaporter's Vice President of Global Buying @sarahrutson at 12 p.m. EST on Facebook Live. Click link in bio to tune in. @wwd What does fashion have to do with politics? A lot - and WWD has the 100-plus years of history to prove it. From John F. Kennedy to Donald J. Trump, go to WWD.com to take a look back at some of our front page stories on presidential elections. @wwd The fashion industry weighs in on the new President's top priority: "We need to focus on bringing the country back together. There's simply too much at stake. The fashion industry is one of the largest polluters in the world. We know we need to collaborate." - @eileenfisherny. Click link in bio to see what more designers and executives said. (Illustration by Sara Singh) @wwd Lucky charm? @hillaryclinton sticks to iconic American Designer @ralphlauren for her #ElectionDay look. Click link bio to get the full scoop. (📷: Seth Wenig) @wwd They Are Wearing: Check out all the best street style looks from @mercedesbenz Fashion Week Tbilisi at WWD.com. (📷: @melodiejeng) @wwd Meet Claire Foy: the actress playing a young Elizabeth Windsor in @netflix's newest series "The Crown." Get the full scoop on Claire's role as the Queen of England at WWD.com. @wwd Pretty in Pink: Sapphires and diamonds never get old. (📷: @clairebenoist) @wwd Spotted: shoe style on the streets of NYC. (📷: Thomas Iannaccone) More From Our Brands Footwear News Dick’s Sporting Goods Posts Solid Third-Quarter Results, But Holiday Outlook Disappoints 4h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Beauty Forum 2d Ago BGR 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time 5h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2016  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest
eBay Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Myspace LinkedIn Podcast RSS Transformers: Earth Wars Game Submit News Contact Us Translate Sign in Join Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Powered by Google News View All News Toy News Transformers 4 Age of Extinction Movie News Comic Book News Cartoon News Rumors Podcasts Submit News RSS Feeds Toys View Transformers Toy News Transformers Toy Galleries » View All Galleries (A - Z) Newest Toy Galleries Most Popular Toy Galleries Toy Sightings » Product Listings Recent Sightings By Location Toy Sightings Forum Items You're Watching Stores Locations by Retail Chains Store Locator Generations Transformers Prime Arms Micron Classics Universe Movie Universe Rescue Bots Toys Forum Collections Forum Buy, Sell or Trade Forum eBay Auctions Shop our eBay Store Store Seibertron.com Store on eBay Sell Your Toys Forums Transformers Toys Forums Buy, Sell or Trade Transformers Cartoons & Comics Forum Transformers Collectors' Club and BotCon Forum Transformers General Discussion Transformers Video Forum Transformers Toy Review Forum Toy Sightings Forum Movie Forum Video Game Forum General Discussion Non-TF Toy Discussion Heavy Metal War Forums Kitbashes, Fiction & Artwork RPG Forums Staff Forums Cartoons & Comics Cartoon & Comics Forum Cartoon News Transformers Cartoon Series Cartoon Series Summaries Comic Book News Comic Book Series Transformers: Mosaic Ultimate Caption Contest Films Transformers 5 The Last Knight Movie News Movie Related Galleries Movie Toy Galleries Live Action Movies Forum Media Transformers: Earth Wars Mobile App Seibertron.com Twincast/Podcast Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed Subscribe to Twincast/Podcast with iTunes Transformers Video Forum Multimedia News Seibertron.com on YouTube Video Game Forum DVD Set Galleries Region Free DVDs? Here's how! Events Event News View All Events NYCC 2016 » NYCC 2016 NYCC 2015 NYCC 2014 NYCC 2013 TFNation 2016 SDCC 2016 » SDCC 2016 SDCC 2015 SDCC 2014 SDCC 2013 SDCC 2012 BotCon 2016 » BotCon 2016 BotCon 2015 BotCon 2014 BotCon 2013 Toy Fair 2016 » Toy Fair 2016 Toy Fair 2015 Toy Fair 2014 Toy Fair 2013 Transformers Exhibit at Children's Museum in Indianapolis Transformers The Ride - 3D » Universal Orlando Resort Universal Studios Hollywood Database Transformers Series Comic Book Section Cartoon Section People Section Game Your Registry CR Chamber Missions Arena High Scores Heavy Metal War Forums Social Network Like us on Facebook Tweet us on Twitter Add us on Google+ Discover us on Myspace View us on Instagram Connect with us on LinkedIn Watch us on YouTube Seibertron.com Store on eBay Listen to our Podcast Get our RSS Feeds Top Lists « » Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More Sunday, October 23rd, 2016 12:53AM CDT Categories: Toy News, Sightings, Store News Posted by: D-Maximus_Prime   Views: 28,261 Topic Options: View Discussion · Sign in or Join to reply Thanks to multiple sources and alerts from fellow members, we bring to you today information about several different stores offering lots of cool deals on the latest Transformers figures. First up is a deal from Kapow toys for those living in the United Kingdom. Among the long list of figures currently for sale at Kapow are the Combiner Wars sets of Computron, G2 Bruticus, and G2 Menasor, which are currently going for £75, £70, and £50 respectively. Also included are big sales on Titans Return guys, which include £12 deluxes. There are numerous other deals on older figures as well as Masterpiece figures and Platinum sets, so head on over anc go get yourself some new figures! Combiner Wars Boxsets page: https://www.kapowtoys.co.uk/sale.html?p=4 Titans Return deluxes, Masterpiece, Platinum page: https://www.kapowtoys.co.uk/sale.html?p=5 Up next are a pair of deals for the United States that at first appeared to be local sales but now appear to be widespread deals. Up first is Walmart, which appears to be rolling back all Titans Return deluxes to a mere $9.88. This has been reported by at least 3 different members in different parts of the United States, so it would seem that all Walmarts, or at least most of them, are rolling back those deluxes. You can find a photograph that was shared to us by member Mangamike that was also confirmed by member Emerje and D-Maximus_Prime for the prices below. Up next for Americans comes news from Toys R Us, which has started some deals on Transformers that include, among other things, a deal on normally $9.99 legends class dudes now being on sale 2 for $15, saving you $5. The link is below. Also, Transformers Robots in Disguise Warrior class figures are now on rollback to $9.99, down from the regular price of $14.99, and there will be a deal starting October 27 where you can spend $100 and get $10 off your entire order, or you can get $15 off your whole $100 or more order with your TRU card in store. Those images are also posted below. http://www.toysrus.com/promo/index.jsp? ... =112111726 Also thrown into the random set of deals that is rocking the web right now is news that Combiner Wars Computron is not only available on Amazon, as previously reported, for $80, but it appears Walmart has dropped him down too, as found below. https://www.walmart.com/ip/Transformers ... k/51997465 And to finally wrap up the deals, Hasbro Toy shop is offering a deal of $10 off and $40 or more order on their website using the code "OPTIMUS2016" as well as 20% off orders when you sign up to get email alerts from them, both for a very limited time. You can go to HTS below: http://www.hasbrotoyshop.com/en/htsusa So, now that you have the low down on all the deals going on around you, it's time to Rock and Roll Out to your local stores and see if you can't hunt down some good figures for cheap! We would like to thank the following Seibertronians and sources for their support in finding all these deals and confirming them as widespread: Emerje, Collectotron, Kyleor, Mangamike, AzT, and D-Maximus_Prime. Credit(s): Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys, Hasbro Toy Shop Search Got Transformers News? Let us know here! Most Popular Transformers News Top 5 Most Annoying Transformers Toys 29,381 views More Images of Takara Tomy Masterpiece MP-36 Megatron 24,832 views Product Details & Larger Images for Spring 2017 Transformers: Robots in Disguise Toys 23,401 views Titans Return Twinferno Review 22,357 views New Transformers: Robots In Disguise toys revealed; Soundwave, Bludgeon, Blurr, Twinferno, Skywarp 21,489 views Titans Return Wave 3 Voyagers, Legends, Titan Masters Currently In Stock Online + Great Deals on Blaster and Fort Max 19,499 views New Images of e-Hobby Limited Exclusive Convobat 18,950 views 50% Off on Generations Leader Toys and Titans Return Fortress Maximus for $110 18,575 views Most Recent Transformers News Die Cast Mace for Masterpiece MP-32 Optimus Primal Available Online Posted 1 hour ago Full Preview for IDW G.I. Joe: Revolution (One-Shot) Posted 7 hours ago Video Review - Comicave Studios Transformers Age of Extinction Optimus Prime Posted 8 hours ago TFsource News! MP-36 Megatron, Masterpiece Reissues, Shuraking Hammmer, Sky Reign, Liokaiser & More Posted 23 hours ago Combiner Wars Computron Discounted At TJ Maxx, Titans Return at Marshall's Posted 1 day ago New Image of Takara Transformers Unite Warriors UW-EX Lunaclub and Moonspade Posted 1 day ago New Italian Book on 1976-86 GIG Toys, including Diaclone, Micronauts, Transformers Posted 1 day ago Transformers: Robots in Disguise Gift Bag Found at US Retail Posted 1 day ago News Categories: Toy News, Live Action Movie News, Comic Book News, Cartoon News, Site News, Rumors, Digital Media News, Event News, Collectables, Game News, Sponsor News, Store News, Company News, Site Articles, People News, Press Releases, Sightings, Reviews, Unlicensed Products News, Auctions, Interviews, Transtopia, Knock Offs, Editorials, Collector's Club News, Heavy Metal War, Podcast, Contests, Book News, Top Lists Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1835831) Posted by NovamusPrime3 on October 23rd, 2016 @ 7:23am CDT Yeah my Walmart started doing that I got the whole first wave for 39.52 didn't get the titan master my Walmart did not have them or the legends class or leader class. Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1835836) Posted by Bumblebee21 on October 23rd, 2016 @ 7:44am CDT i was right about the $10 rid warrior sale Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1835839) Posted by Splatterhouse on October 23rd, 2016 @ 8:01am CDT Yup walmart in Lebanon,Pa also has this sale.unfortunately they only had 2 acourges out. Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1835844) Posted by carytehone on October 23rd, 2016 @ 8:30am CDT Splatterhouse wrote:Yup walmart in Lebanon,Pa also has this sale.unfortunately they only had 2 acourges out. Yeah, I've noticed that these sales always happen when there isn't much left on pegs. It's a win for anyone that held out though. Maybe we'll get lucky and some new stick will slip in during the sale Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1837611) Posted by Nik Hero on October 29th, 2016 @ 7:10am CDT Rescue Bots New Hoist on sale at Amazon for $9 at http://amzn.to/2f2oTqT Nik Hero wrote:Here are all the Takara items at Amazon on sale currently: $8 Slipstream http://amzn.to/2bcNTtm $9 Airazor http://amzn.to/2bxK5bg $10 Mystery Convoy http://amzn.to/2bh1txF $12 Airachnid http://amzn.to/2bxM2EL $13 Bumblebee http://amzn.to/2bctEyV $13 Ovrride http://amzn.to/2br4wVR $13 Strongarm http://amzn.to/2bI7JOg $13 Razorbeast http://amzn.to/2bI77Ik $14 Soundwave http://amzn.to/2br4HR1 $16 Dinobot Swoop http://amzn.to/2bI6HSx $18 Dreadwing http://amzn.to/2bctLuc $19 Bombshell http://amzn.to/2byoQnq $20 Loadblock http://amzn.to/2br4FbN $20 Ratchet http://amzn.to/2bI7jY7 $21 Jet Vehicon http://amzn.to/2bBoKMI $21 Frenzy http://amzn.to/2bh26Hy $21 Rumble http://amzn.to/2bcuuvs $24 Bigmos vs. Autostinger http://amzn.to/2bI9xqm $27 Lockdown http://amzn.to/2byoSLX $29 Blackarachnia or Black Widow http://amzn.to/2bxMGCc $130 & Free Shipping Unite Warriors Bruticus http://amzn.to/2bcuD2h Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838128) Posted by william-james88 on October 31st, 2016 @ 8:15pm CDT MP Shockwave is on sale right now on Amiami for $100. Please enjoy this deal I could not wait for: http://www.amiami.com/top/detail/detail ... agecnt%3D1 Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838132) Posted by -Kanrabat- on October 31st, 2016 @ 8:49pm CDT william-james88 wrote:MP Shockwave is on sale right now on Amiami for $100. Please enjoy this deal I could not wait for: http://www.amiami.com/top/detail/detail ... agecnt%3D1 I have a KO G1 that I did paid 100$ for. So I really don't feel the need to own this guy. Not even the 3p figures. :/ Also, shipping, customs, exchange rate... Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838135) Posted by nycPrime on October 31st, 2016 @ 9:01pm CDT william-james88 wrote:MP Shockwave is on sale right now on Amiami for $100. Please enjoy this deal I could not wait for: http://www.amiami.com/top/detail/detail ... agecnt%3D1 Very tempted. What would be the approximate price be after shipping and the exchange? Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838145) Posted by william-james88 on October 31st, 2016 @ 9:47pm CDT nycPrime wrote: william-james88 wrote:MP Shockwave is on sale right now on Amiami for $100. Please enjoy this deal I could not wait for: http://www.amiami.com/top/detail/detail ... agecnt%3D1 Very tempted. What would be the approximate price be after shipping and the exchange? About $120 max if you pick SAL. For some reason, he doesnt cost much to ship. Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838155) Posted by william-james88 on October 31st, 2016 @ 10:09pm CDT Boy is Tracks not a popular MP figure A year later, some japanese retailers are still trying to get rid of it: https://www.nippon-yasan.com/figures/11 ... racks.html Still, $28 is a great deal for those who dont have it yet and want it. Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838156) Posted by Kurona on October 31st, 2016 @ 10:10pm CDT How's Loud Pedal doing, come to think of it? I'm just glad the mold's not popular since it let me get Road Rage for cheap Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838158) Posted by william-james88 on October 31st, 2016 @ 10:13pm CDT Kurona wrote:How's Loud Pedal doing, come to think of it? Cant tell, its a different market. Loud Petal is an exclusive so Japanese stores didnt stock him. When a product is limited, it could suck and be unpopular but its limited nature would still make up for the lack in demand (like the Cloud Figures). Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838161) Posted by -Kanrabat- on October 31st, 2016 @ 10:24pm CDT william-james88 wrote: Kurona wrote:How's Loud Pedal doing, come to think of it? Cant tell, its a different market. Loud Petal is an exclusive so Japanese stores didnt stock him. When a product is limited, it could suck and be unpopular but its limited nature would still make up for the lack in demand (like the Cloud Figures). It's expensive as hell and will remain expensive. The thing will never go down in price for sure. Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838175) Posted by chuckdawg1999 on November 1st, 2016 @ 3:11am CDT Kurona wrote:How's Loud Pedal doing, come to think of it? I'm just glad the mold's not popular since it let me get Road Rage for cheap So far the price is dropping on Amazon US. My gut tells me it'll hit $50 soon Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838464) Posted by Nik Hero on November 2nd, 2016 @ 10:28am CDT FYI: Amazon started their Black Friday pricing deals yesterday. Some deals will last hours, some days, some until Black Friday or Cyber Monday. The link to find everything they have on sale at any given time is http://amzn.to/2edSaOp Nik Hero wrote:Rescue Bots New Hoist on sale at Amazon for $9 at http://amzn.to/2f2oTqT Nik Hero wrote:Here are all the Takara items at Amazon on sale currently: $8 Slipstream http://amzn.to/2bcNTtm $9 Airazor http://amzn.to/2bxK5bg $10 Mystery Convoy http://amzn.to/2bh1txF $12 Airachnid http://amzn.to/2bxM2EL $13 Bumblebee http://amzn.to/2bctEyV $13 Ovrride http://amzn.to/2br4wVR $13 Strongarm http://amzn.to/2bI7JOg $13 Razorbeast http://amzn.to/2bI77Ik $14 Soundwave http://amzn.to/2br4HR1 $16 Dinobot Swoop http://amzn.to/2bI6HSx $18 Dreadwing http://amzn.to/2bctLuc $19 Bombshell http://amzn.to/2byoQnq $20 Loadblock http://amzn.to/2br4FbN $20 Ratchet http://amzn.to/2bI7jY7 $21 Jet Vehicon http://amzn.to/2bBoKMI $21 Frenzy http://amzn.to/2bh26Hy $21 Rumble http://amzn.to/2bcuuvs $24 Bigmos vs. Autostinger http://amzn.to/2bI9xqm $27 Lockdown http://amzn.to/2byoSLX $29 Blackarachnia or Black Widow http://amzn.to/2bxMGCc $69 & Free Shipping Unite Warriors Bruticus http://amzn.to/2bcuD2h FYI: Amazon started their Black Friday pricing deals yesterday. Some deals will last hours, some days, some until Black Friday or Cyber Monday. The link to find everything they have on sale at any given time is http://amzn.to/2edSaOp Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838470) Posted by Kurona on November 2nd, 2016 @ 10:52am CDT That's an insanely good deal for Strongarm. Wish I could get her Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838517) Posted by Cobotron on November 2nd, 2016 @ 1:49pm CDT Not a "Steal", but not bad. Target.com has issued a promo code to kick off the holiday season for all toys. 20% off all toys with code KIDSGIFTS. This LINK will take you directly to their Transformers inventory. A quick hint to make your search a little more stream lined, if the listing says "add to cart", it is available for online ordering. If it says"view details" It is not available to ship and subject to store availability. A couple of nice items to note: Platinum Edition - Planet of Junk set, and G1 Conehead Seekers CW - Devistor, Computron, All 3 G2 box sets Titans Return - Fortress Maximus Happy deal dealings! Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838518) Posted by nycPrime on November 2nd, 2016 @ 1:51pm CDT Cobotron wrote:Not a "Steal", but not bad. Target.com has issued a promo code to kick off the holiday season for all toys. 20% off all toys with code KIDSGIFT. This LINK will take you directly to their Transformers inventory. A quick hint to make your search a little more stream lined, if the listing says "add to cart", it is available for online ordering. If it says"view details" It is not available to ship and subject to store availability. A couple of nice items to note: Platinum Edition - Planet of Junk set, and G1 Conehead Seekers CW - Devistor, Computron, All 3 G2 box sets Titans Return - Fortress Maximus Happy deal dealings! Yup finally ordered the seekers. $59 shipped, arriving Friday. Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838519) Posted by william-james88 on November 2nd, 2016 @ 2:18pm CDT nycPrime wrote: Yup finally ordered the seekers. $59 shipped, arriving Friday. So proud of you! One of the best purchases you can make. Think about it, its G1 minty seekers at 20$ a pop, thats cheaper (counting inflation) than what they cost 30 years ago Re: Walmart, Toys R Us, Kapow Toys: Big Deals on Titans Return, Combiner Wars Box Sets, and More (1838542) Posted by nycPrime on November 2nd, 2016 @ 4:15pm CDT Cobotron wrote:Not a "Steal", but not bad. Target.com has issued a promo code to kick off the holiday season for all toys. 20% off all toys with code KIDSGIFTS. This LINK will take you directly to their Transformers inventory. A quick hint to make your search a little more stream lined, if the listing says "add to cart", it is available for online ordering. If it says"view details" It is not available to ship and subject to store availability. A couple of nice items to note: Platinum Edition - Planet of Junk set, and G1 Conehead Seekers CW - Devistor, Computron, All 3 G2 box sets Titans Return - Fortress Maximus Happy deal dealings! BTW, I mentioned this on the Toy Haul thread a few days ago, but probably should've put it here. Just to piggyback off the Target 20% off coupon: "Also, for anyone interested, in addition to the 20% discount on Target toys, they also have a 10% off wish list items. You need to download their mobile app to get a unique 1 time code. But it works and you can stack it with the 20% off. Snagged the coneheads for $59 cuz of tax. The bad news is that Target doesn't have a lot on their website. They do have Computron, which should work out to a little under $80 after tax." Because 20% off is good, but stacking another 10% off is better. That's how I got the seekers for $59 after tax. Also, I just noticed that CW Computron on Amazon has slipped to $73.05 as of this writing, and it was $74 when I started typing. Would love to see this slip into the $50s so I can pick it up for the hands and feet, sell off the bots. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B011MIX0CI/re ... AEY5UVRTTX Click here to view additional comments about this topic at the Energon Pub Forums ... Transformers News Die Cast Mace for Masterpiece MP-32 Optimus Primal Available OnlineDie Cast Mace for Masterpiece MP-32 Optimus Primal Available Online Full Preview for IDW G.I. Joe: Revolution (One-Shot)Full Preview for IDW G.I. Joe: Revolution (One-Shot) Video Review - Comicave Studios Transformers Age of Extinction Optimus PrimeVideo Review - Comicave Studios Transformers Age of Extinction Optimus Prime TFsource News! MP-36 Megatron, Masterpiece Reissues, Shuraking Hammmer, Sky Reign, Liokaiser & MoreTFsource News! MP-36 Megatron, Masterpiece Reissues, Shuraking Hammmer, Sky Reign, Liokaiser & More Combiner Wars Computron Discounted At TJ Maxx, Titans Return at Marshall'sCombiner Wars Computron Discounted At TJ Maxx, Titans Return at Marshall's New Image of Takara Transformers Unite Warriors UW-EX Lunaclub and MoonspadeNew Image of Takara Transformers Unite Warriors UW-EX Lunaclub and Moonspade New Italian Book on 1976-86 GIG Toys, including Diaclone, Micronauts, TransformersNew Italian Book on 1976-86 GIG Toys, including Diaclone, Micronauts, Transformers Ending Soon On eBay Twincast / Podcast #159: "Imperfect Specks" MP3 · iTunes · RSS · View · Discuss · Ask Posted: Saturday, November 12th, 2016 The Ultimate Caption ContestLatest: Machinima's Transformers Combiner Wars Poster Google Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer Safari Opera Compatible with the latest versions of the world's most popular browsers. Report problems you experience here. Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Main Sections Transformers News Transformers Toys Section Transformers Toy Galleries Energon Pub Forums Transformers Films Transformers Database Cartoons & Comics Transformers Related Events Heavy Metal War Game Social Network News Section View All News Toy News Comic Book News Cartoon News Rumors Podcasts Multimedia News Submit News RSS Feeds Multimedia Content Transformers: Earth Wars Game Listen to our Podcast Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed Twincast/Podcast on iTunes Video Game Forum DVD Set Galleries Region Free DVDs? Here's how! Seibertron.com on YouTube Toys Section View Toy News Transformers Toys Forum Transformers Toy Sightings Buy, Sell or Trade Forum View All Galleries (A - Z) Newest Galleries Most Popular Galleries Transformers Movie Toys Transformers Prime Generations, Reveal The Shield Transformers eBay Auctions Seibertron.com's Store on eBay We Buy Collections! Live Action Movies TF5 The Last Knight News Movie Toy Galleries Movie Related Galleries Live Action Movies Forum Events Event News View All Events NYCC 2016 TFNation 2016 SDCC 2016 BotCon 2016 Toy Fair 2016 Transformers Exhibit 2015 Transformers The Ride - 3D Cartoons & Comics Cartoons & Comics Forum View Cartoon Related News Comic Book News Transformers: Mosaic Ultimate Caption Contest Social Network Join Seibertron.com Message Board Like us on Facebook Tweet us on Twitter Add us on Google+ Discover us on Myspace View us on Instagram Connect with us on LinkedIn Watch us on YouTube Visit our store on eBay Miscellaneous Privacy Policy About Contact Us Submit News Translate Join Sign in Seibertron.com is an unofficial Transformers fansite. It is not associated with nor endorsed by Hasbro or Takara Tomy. Transformers® is a registered trademark of Hasbro, Inc. Visit Transformers.com to view Hasbro's official Transformers website or visit Takara Tomy's official Transformers website. In order to comply with the FTC's endorsement guidelines, we hereby inform this site's viewers that we occasionally receive sample products, content, or other forms of media from various companies in order for us to provide content of interest to our readers. Some of the content on this site are sponsored posts for which we have been compensated. Some of the links to external sites posted on this site may automatically be converted to an affiliate link for which we may be compensated. 6,447 pages were recently viewed by 634 unique visitors. This page loaded in 0.06413 seconds and was viewed 1 times on Tuesday, November 15th 2016 12:24pm CST © 2016 Seibertron, Inc. DBA Seibertron.com. All Rights Reserved. Established June 2000. Seibertron.com is owned by Ryan Yzquierdo.
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Investigations Politics The Take DC Dialogue Business Consumer Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings Watch Necn Live at Noon and 5 p.m. 52° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Visit our partner sites Send us Videos and Pictures Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Maine The latest news from around the state Connecticut|Maine|Massachusetts|New Hampshire|Rhode Island|Vermont Only Gay Nightclub in Portland, Maine, Closing By Danielle Waugh NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest new-england updates in your inbox Privacy policy | More Newsletters UP NEXT X Gay Nightclub Closing in Portland, Maine Link Embed Email Copy Close Link to this video http://www.necn.com/on-air/as-seen-on/WEB-Danielle-Portland-4pm_NECN-398248441.html Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=398248441&videoID=PRdShPVrk93_&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=new-england&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» The owner of Styxx, the only gay nightclub in Portland, Maine, says it's a bittersweet sign of the times that more gay people are branching out and being accepted in all kidns of bars and clubs, with attendance at gay clubs in decline. (Published Monday, Oct. 24, 2016) The only gay nightclub in Portland, Maine, is closing. The owner calls it a bittersweet sign of the times. "We don't have the crowd we used to," said Joshua Moody, who has owned Styxx for 12 years. Smoked Pot? No College? The Police Still Might Hire You It's in line with a nationwide trend: as more members of the gay community branch out and feel welcomed and accepted in all kinds of bars and clubs, the traditional places lose business. "We never really got the younger gay generation that needs the gay club as much as the older one did," said Moody. Columbia Stops Wrestling Team From Competing Over Lewd Texts Styxx will close in January after decades in downtown Portland. "It's sad," said longtime patron and part-time DJ, Chris O'Connor. Los Angeles Bid to Address Trump Election at Olympic Meeting When he moved to Maine 18 years ago, O'Connor found a home at the nightclub. He said he has noticed a decline in business at the bar, but was still hit hard when the owner announced the closure. "We actually sat around and cried," said O'Connor. "It's been a part of our lives for so long." NYC Woman Sues Zara, Says Dead Rat Was Sewn Into Dress Longtime gay bars in New York, San Francisco, and Los Angeles have been closing. Burlington, Vermont, hasn't had a gay bar since 2006, when Pearl's closed. "I think there are other ways people are finding community," said Matt Moonen, executive director of Equality Maine. Mike Rogers Leaves Trump Transition Team Amid Shake-Up Moonen said the fight for LGBT equality has led to widespread acceptance, and people feel "safe" going to a variety of bars. "It's great to see, but this is one of the side effects of that," he said. PBS News Anchor Gwen Ifill Dies at 61 After Cancer Battle Published at 6:48 PM EDT on Oct 24, 2016 Get the latest from necn anywhere, anytime Download the App Available for IOS and Android Follow necn Leave Comments Consumer TV Listings News Weather Investigations Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy AdChoices © 2016 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Back To Top[*] The price of doing business Oct. 25, 2016 - 05:57AM JST The U.S. election is drawing near and pundits are turning their attention to the positions candidates might take on less-discussed topics. In my world, that includes international corruption and the candidates have, overtime, championed very different positions. In 2012, shortly after the WalMart bribery scandal broke, Donald Trump said that the U.S. anti-bribery law is a “horrible law”.  It “puts the U.S. at a huge disadvantage” because “every other country is doing it and we’re not allowed to.” This is not an original argument. Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, also in 2012, said that corruption “eats away … at the potential for broad-based, sustainable, inclusive growth.” She added that “corruption stifles entrepreneurship.” Her position reflected President Barack Obama’s, and each of his predecessors back to President Jimmy Carter, in support of the United States’ anti-bribery law, the 1977 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. There is no question that a well-timed bribe can sometimes win a contract that might otherwise be lost. As such, it’s easy to conclude that bribery, at its most basic, is good for business. The full picture, however, is a bit more subtle. Trump’s argument misses the very real concern that bribery is expensive. It’s not just the expense of the bribe itself, it’s the expense introduced when a company makes it clear that they’re prepared to negotiate outside the terms of the contract. Suddenly, everything is negotiable and the bribe taker wants to be paid for interim approvals, for follow-on work, for final approval and, ultimately, for releasing funds for payment. The written contract is quickly subordinated to the bribe-based relationship, which can introduce expense that renders the contract unprofitable. Related to expense is the cost of delay. As each new milestone brings a new clandestine negotiation of corrupt terms, time is lost: management time, employee time and very often the time of equipment that sits unused while negotiations drag on. In a rush? Prepare to pay much more. Trump’s argument does not account for reputational damage, which carries a real financial cost. The companies that pay bribes in foreign markets are very often known within the local community. These companies are seen to demand more and deliver less, all with the apparent approval of local government officials. It doesn’t take long to connect the dots and corrupt companies find it harder to recruit talent within these markets. Given a choice, the strongest candidates will gravitate to companies of which they can feel proud. Companies also risk the wrath of successor governments keen to be seen chucking out those who paid bribes to the previous administration. These costs, like Clinton’s “stifled entrepreneurship,” are difficult to quantify. In a global market, there may be a simpler case to be made that bribery is bad for business. Imagine an executive traveling aboard with his sales team to expand his company’s footprint. Before he sits down at the table for the first time, he and his colleagues have run a bribery gauntlet.  Depending on the part of the world they’re in, they may have flown on planes that relied on air traffic control systems bought based on the highest bribes, not the highest standards. They’ve probably passed through airports where customs officials routinely accept bribes to avert their eyes while unsafe food products or tainted pharmaceutical products are introduced into the local market. They may have stayed in hotels for which the local inspectors have agreed to overlook health and safety violations in exchange for ridiculously small sums. The police may demand a modest bribe to protect the corporate team if there is unrest in the streets. Of course, having sold their professional integrity once, the team shouldn’t imagine the police won’t sell it a second time to a higher bidder. Bribery makes the world less predictable, less safe, less lawful and less fair. It introduces uncertainty into contracts and delay into execution. The greatest effect is felt overseas, but when the best product doesn’t sell at a fair price because bribery has distorted the market, the consequences follow companies home. That just can’t be good for business, whatever your politics. Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
null
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Store holds baby shower for infant delivered in Utah Walmart Published: Oct. 24, 2016 3:20 p.m. Updated: Oct. 24, 2016 3:25 p.m. + Leave a comment PROVO, Utah (AP) — A Utah woman who gave birth while in a Walmart checkout line got an impromptubaby shower at the store. The Provo Daily Herald reports employees gave mother Cecelia Rivas baby clothes, a stroller, a car seat and plenty of diapers for her son Matias on Wednesday. Store manager Dustin Haight says the mother and baby are like family now. Rivas says she'd felt labor pains early the morning of Oct. 9 and went to the store for a few things before going to the hospital, but when her water broke in line she knew she was going to give birth in the store. She says she was surprised and scared, but things went well and her third child is now at home. + Leave a comment Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Owlet 6 ways being a parent today is different than 50 years ago Utah yesterday 'You are forever our protector': West Valley police officer remembered as hometown hero Utah 16 hours ago Humane Society of Utah calls dog's death in St. George 'a deplorable act' The PopuList 1 Stem cell therapy: a surprising solution to joint pain 2 Pearl Harbor survivor plans to return to Hawaii 75 years after attack 3 2 machine guns, 7 other weapons stolen from West Jordan store 4 Utah’s average student loan debt is the lowest in the nation 5 SUU appoints new director for its MPA program View all for Utah most Commented 119 Thousands march to Capitol to protest Trump being elected president 47 Salt Lake City hosts another Trump protest 38 Governor decries 'numerous reports' of student harassment since Election Day 37 Report: Education among worst-paying college majors in Utah 24 Photos: Copper Hills students protest Trump's election 16 Fourth-graders write letters to representatives about election concerns 15 Gov. Herbert: 'Little bit of hyperbole' in President-elect Trump's immigration rhetoric 15 Utah Citizen Summit explores ways to bridge state, nation after divisive election season Tuesday, November, 15, 2016 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Company About Us People FAQ Careers Copyright © 2016 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2016 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Wilmington man pleads guilty to drug-related charges - WSFX - FOX Wilmington, NC Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Carolina in the Morning Maps and Forecasts Hurricane season 2016 Interactive Radar LIVE: Frying Pan Tower Cameras Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases THIS TV Paternity Court Paternity Court Facebook Closed Captioning Concerns FCC Public File EEO Public File Report (WSFX) Closed Captioning Concerns Digital Sales Grow Your Business Descriptive Audio Instructions Wilmington man pleads guilty to drug-related charges 2016-10-24T21:03:17Z2016-10-25T11:44:55Z By: WECT Staff Email Connect newsroom@wect.com Akeem Tindall (Source: NHCSO) NEW HANOVER COUNTY, NC (WECT) - A Wilmington man pleaded guilty Monday to several drug-related charges and was sentenced as a habitual felon. According to the New Hanover County District Attorney’s Office, Akeem Tindall, 27, pleaded guilty to sell/deliver heroin, possession with intent to sell and deliver heroin, and fleeing to elude arrest. He was sentenced to 50 to 72 months. On Dec. 29, 2015, a confidential informant told detectives with the New Hanover County Sheriff’s Office that Tindall was selling heroin. The informant also said he had purchased heroin from Tindall in the past, generally meeting in Tindall’s car at the Walmart on Sigmon Road. Under the detectives’ surveillance, the informant made a recorded phone call to Tindall setting up a purchase of 10 bags of heroin for $120. The two then met in the Walmart parking lot where the transaction occurred in Tindall’s car. On Jan. 12, 2016, detectives set up another controlled purchase with Tindall of 50 bags of heroin for $500. When Tindall was on the way to meet with the informant, detectives attempted to pull him over, but he refused to stop. Tindall led detectives on a chase, swerving between three lanes of travel on South College Road and driving through a parking lot. Ultimately, Tindall hit a trailer attached to a vehicle after running a stop sign. He had 40 bags of heroin in his possession. Tindall had multiple felony drug and firearm convictions in the past, which elevated his status to a habitual felon. Copyright 2016 WECT. All rights reserved. All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices. FCC Public File Email: publicfile@wsfx.com Phone: 910-343-8826 EEO Report Closed Captioning
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Henry Co. YMCA benefits from land donation Faith in a friend leads to a land donation to help stabilize Henry County YMCA finances Post to Facebook Henry Co. YMCA benefits from land donation Faith in a friend leads to a land donation to help stabilize Henry County YMCA finances  Check out this story on pal-item.com: http://pinews.co/2f9FJba {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Henry Co. YMCA benefits from land donation DARREL RADFORD 2:45 p.m. EDT October 24, 2016 YMCA logo. (Photo: Provided) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Wayne Nelson remembers how skepticism greeted him when he first proposed an apartment complex in New Castle nearly 45 years ago. One man believed in him then and convinced fellow bank board members to back his project. Because of Donald C. “Danny” Danielson’s faith in him, not only did Nelson build Jamestown Village Apartments, he continued to build, own and manage another 6,000 units in the Indianapolis metropolitan area. In fact, three of the properties, including Jamestown Village, sold in 2006 for $37.45 million. The ripple effect of Nelson’s success also created the Wayne and Marilyn Nelson Foundation based in Florida, which has enhanced the education of young people through charter school scholarships. It all started with Danielson’s faith in a friend. A philanthropic force on behalf of Ivy Tech in New Castle as well as Indiana University in New Castle, Richmond, Bloomington and across the state, Danielson is gone now, having died May 7, 2015, but Nelson is making sure his friend is not forgotten. Nelson is donating a 20-acre tract to the Henry County YMCA. The land is located between the Jamestown Village Apartment and Wal-Mart in a prime real estate area along Ind. 3 in New Castle. Proceeds from that sale will be used to help bring long-lasting stability to the Henry County YMCA that Danielson dearly loved. “It’s one of the best causes in the community and we’re glad to be a part of it,” Nelson said of his donation. “Marilyn and I wish the very best for the YMCA as they minister to the young and old coming through their doors.” Danielson had been working with Nelson on the arrangements of this gift in his final days, hoping to ensure the facility’s health and vitality for years to come. “Danny gets all the credit for this,” Nelson said. “It’s a shame he didn’t live long enough to see all of this finalized.” “Danny was super excited about this,” YMCA Executive Director Chris Williams said. Just how excited became apparent as family members took on the sad but necessary task of going through the Danielson house after his death. Williams said the relatives reported finding sticky notes with Nelson’s phone number on several locations throughout the home. “Danny was an individual who always returned my telephone calls, good times and bad,” Nelson reflected. “He was a very creative person, very low key, very easy going but very objective in getting things done. He never lost sight of what the goal was. His passing was a great loss for everyone.” Nelson said Danielson’s business savvy and true blue loyalty proved to be a potent formula that turned possibilities into so many success stories. That seed of confidence Danielson helped Nelson plant in 1971 has grown to impressive proportions for “a middle class kid” from Indianapolis. “I really can’t believe the success I’ve had when I stop and think about it,” Nelson said. “Only in America could this happen. I was able to start my own hedge fund that has generated a 27 percent return annually over the past seven years. I am really humbled by it.” But Nelson says none of that makes him a successful man. The things that make him fulfilled today are the blessings of a wonderful, supportive wife who is a source of encouragement; the knowledge that families enjoyed a quality of life in his apartment communities; that kids are getting a better education than they could dream of through his foundation; and that Henry County citizens young and old will be strengthened by the YMCA for years and years to come. And above all, that his most recent gift to the YMCA in New Castle would have dear departed friend Danny Danielson smiling. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://pinews.co/2f9FJba More Stories November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 15, 2016, 8:44 a.m. Your rose: Firefighters, paramedics Nov. 14, 2016, 1:02 p.m. Letter: Reject wind farms Nov. 13, 2016, 5:01 p.m.
Home Disclaimer Privacy Sitemap Navigation HomeDisclaimerPrivacySitemap Welcome,   Click to login Close Username Password Login Lost Password |    November 15th, 2016 Vermont Stars come out for Lost Nation Theater in ‘LNT-Aid’ Thursday Night Experience what The Summit School is all about at Summit School Sampler Aging with Grace... Reiss’s Pieces Max’s View Menu  Deals Classifieds Place Classified Ads View Current Classified Ads World Features George Shuman Letters & opinions Local Sports & Outdoors Max’s View Reiss’s Pieces Senate Report Births Weddings & Engagements Articles Auto Business Careers Community Español Events Family Finance Food Gallery Green Health Home Repair Hot Topics How To Pets Senior Sports Tech Events Art Exhibits Calendar Ongoing Events Food & Recipe Obituaries Links Town Links Town Of Barre Aldrich Public Library Barre Fire Department Police Department Fun Stuff Daily Horoscope Showtimes Vermont Lottery Extended Weather Community Poll Results About Contact Advertising Inquiry Letters To The Editor Submit An Article To The World World Coupon Book This Week's Edition Of The World This Week's Automotive Edition With Sports & Outdoors No Small Miracles By G. E. Shuman Albert Einstein once stated, and I paraphrase: ‘We must accept the premise that either nothing is a miracle, or everything is a miracle.’ Well, Mr. Einstein, I am one who, if that premise is true, believes that everything is a miracle. I have eyes, and I can clearly see this beautiful, immensely complex world. From your statement, I think you saw it, too. I certainly do believe that miracles happen, and that they probably happen more frequently than we realize. After 62 years of living and of observing life, I don’t see how I could ever believe otherwise. I also believe that miracles are where you find them, and that, to our dismay, sometimes we don’t even look for them. I don’t think that this means some miracles are ‘small’, in fact, I think that none of them are small. They are all big, especially when they happen to you. I’m writing about this today because of something that happened to my grandson, Devon, just last Sunday evening. It was about 10 p.m., and that thoughtful grandson of mine had just driven to the Walmart in Manchester, NH, where he and his family live. He had gone to the store because his girlfriend was having a craving for oranges, and he wanted to buy her some. What a nice guy, right? Somehow, during that late night run to the store, Devon’s wallet had slipped out his pocket, in the huge parking lot. Now, it’s never good to lose your wallet, but much worse when that wallet contains your license, your debit card, your social security card, and, (this part gives me a sick feeling in my stomach) $400 in cash from the paycheck you had just received. Ouch! It also didn’t help that the wallet was lost in that large city, at a very busy shopping center. We, as a family, believe in the power of prayer. So do our children, and, also, their children. Our daughter, Cathy, (Devon’s mom) and her distraught son obviously prayed that night, and so did my wife and I, and others, when we heard about what had happened. Yes, you need to understand, this was a joint effort. “For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there I am in the midst of them.” Matthew 18:20. Holy Bible. Okay, so now let me tell you about the miracle. (Pay attention, as there will be a quiz.) As I’m sure you have already guessed, the wallet was found, which, to me, was miracle enough. A young lady about Devon’s age contacted him on Facebook, told him she had found his wallet, and asked if they could meet so that she could give it back to him. They arranged that, and Devon went to meet her. To Devon’s surprise, and obvious relief, his wallet still contained his license, his debit card, his social security card, AND the $400 from his hard-earned paycheck. Wow! My grandson thankfully offered to give that young lady a reward for what she had done, or to at least buy dinner for her, but she wouldn’t let him. Devon told her that it was a huge blessing for him, and she replied that people have done many good things to help her before, and she wanted to help him. Now…here’s the quiz. Did you understand the miracle, or did you miss it? It was surely a ‘God thing’ that Devon got his wallet back, with his identification, his license, and even his money…every penny of it. To my grandson, I’m sure this was no small miracle. Still, to my mind, the miracle really happened in the heart of a young stranger, who found someone’s wallet in a parking lot that night, could have kept the cash, thrown the wallet away, and never given a thought to finding its owner. No one would have ever known. Really, no one would have. Instead, this young lady chose to remember what others have done for her, and to ‘pay it forward’ with no thought of self, and without ANY reward, even when it was offered. In this strange year of terrorism, fear, and an increasingly nasty presidential election which seems to shout uncertainty, distress, and danger for the future of our nation, there are still people of integrity, and still young people of surprisingly sterling morals. This, to me, is no small miracle. QR Code – Take this post Mobile! Use this unique QR (Quick Response) code with your smart device. The code will save the url of this webpage to the device for mobile sharing and storage. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name * Email * Website Post Comment   view more   vt-world.com Webutation   The World 403 US Route 302 Barre, VT 05641 Phone: (802) 479-2582 Copyright © 2016 The World Online Home About Disclaimer Privacy Sitemap Navigation HomeAboutDisclaimerPrivacySitemap powered by Anchor Comm
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Black Friday 2016 Is Repeat From Last Year Posted: Oct 24 2016, 7:35am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Photo Credit: Getty Images   The Black Friday 2016 shapes up to be a deja vu of last year. The Black Friday 2016 is a month away, but already shapes up to be a copy of last year. The same controversies about the big sales day are back again. Outdoor retailer REI is back with their message to forget about Black Friday and enjoy nature. There is no REI Black Friday 2016 sale again. Last year the retailer made a big splash with the decision to cancel Black Friday and send its 12,000 employees home on a paid leave. Don't Miss: Hatchimals Deals on Amazon.com The number of stores that keep its retail locations closed on Thanksgiving Day has grown this year. Several malls are now part of the movement of keeping stores closed on Thanksgiving Day and only offer Black Friday deals on the actual Black Friday, November 25. Macy's has already come forward to open its stores again on Thanksgiving Day. The Macy's Black Friday 2016 sale begins one hour earlier than last year at 5pm. The department store chain will be joined by many of the big retailers that will not shut down the Black Friday on Thanksgiving Day. Announcements of the Black Friday 2016 plans from Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Sears, Kmart and others are expected to be announced over the next days. Sam's Club already announced its Black Friday 2016 schedule last year. Walmart usually is just a couple days behind. You have the choice again this year to just ignore Black Friday, shop Black Friday online on Thanksgiving Day, get doorbuster deals on Thanksgiving Day at large stores that have open or just shop Black Friday on the actual Black Friday, November 25.  Our expert tip for Black Friday shopping is to shop online Black Friday 2016 sales as early as Wednesday and early mornings on Thanksgiving Day. The online Black Friday sales offer now most of the best doorbuster deals. You do not need to go to a shop on Thanksgiving Day to get most of these deals. After you are done getting your Black Friday haul early, you have the whole Thanksgiving Day weekend to enjoy with your family. It is never too early to get ready for Black Friday. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. Find all Black Friday 2016 Ads as soon as they released in this Black Friday 2016 Ad list including the highly anticipated Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad. The first Black Friday 2016 ads are already released. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. The Black Friday 2016 sales begin as early as November 4. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Best Black Friday Deals Today 2 hours ago AAFES Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 3 hours ago Black Friday goes Mobile Online and In Stores 4 hours ago ToysRUs Black Friday 2016 Sale Begins Sunday for Members 4 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad: $398 60-inch Vizio D60N-E3 1080p TV 4 hours ago Brain Uses Colors to Help Us Choose What to Eat, Says Study 25 minutes ago Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 30 minutes ago Get Amazon Prime for Just £59 Until The Grand Tour Premiere 46 minutes ago Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 48 minutes ago Jay Leno Drives Ferrari F40 for the First Time 1 hour ago The Grand Tour Will Use Twitter to Gauge its Popularity 1 hour ago Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 1 hour ago Tesla Comes to LA Auto Show with Model X and Mobile Design Studio 1 hour ago The Rock is Sexiest Man Alive: Dwayne Johnson will Run for President in 2020 2 hours ago Back to the Future Like Solar Nanotech-Powered Clothes are Coming 2 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Black Friday Best Black Friday Deals Today 2 hours ago AAFES Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 3 hours ago Black Friday goes Mobile Online and In Stores 4 hours ago ToysRUs Black Friday 2016 Sale Begins Sunday for Members 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Brain Uses Colors to Help Us Choose What to Eat, Says Study 25 minutes ago Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 30 minutes ago Get Amazon Prime for Just £59 Until The Grand Tour Premiere 46 minutes ago Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 48 minutes ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Power cut interrupts UK.gov cloud service supplier Midi-archive box from WD stops at 19PB Tegile ups its array game with new kit Vodafone blames €5bn H1 loss on cutthroat Indian competition Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Power cut interrupts UK.gov cloud service supplier Midi-archive box from WD stops at 19PB Tegile ups its array game with new kit Post-outage King's College London orders staff to never make their own backups Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The world has changed but has your IAM? Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel 'Fascist' seizes supremo search slot on Trump triumph Vodafone blames €5bn H1 loss on cutthroat Indian competition EasyJet rides digital and mobile on Brexit currency pressure Microsoft, Slack et al will 'laugh their asses off' at IBM's biz messaging tool DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal Virgin Media users report ongoing problems delivering legit emails. Again WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone SPB Geek's Guide Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Asda Ecommerce Walmart Data Center Servers Asda server glitch leaves customers without online shopping Soz, you'll just have to get in your car and pick up a basket 24 Oct 2016 at 15:07, Kat Hall Kat Hall Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Uk, Government, Bt, Broadband, Google Recent Articles C'mon, it's the current year! Report finds UK gov could save £2bn by modernising IT Fujitsu workers to strike in Blighty over pay Home Office extends mega 18-year Fujitsu contract Asda customers were bereft of their weekend deliveries after a server glitch cancelled 15 per cent of online orders. The supermarket biz said the glitch was an "unforeseeable" incident which began on Saturday night affecting home deliveries and click-and-collect purchases. An Asda spokesperson said the issue has been resolved: "As an apology to our customers affected by a technical glitch today during a major system upgrade we are offering a £15 discount and are rebooking their orders for as soon as convenient to them." One customer got in touch to say he was told the issue originated with Asda's US parent company, Walmart. "We did manage to get a home delivery on Sunday and the driver told us that it had been a national problem," he said. "I was somewhat incredulous at the thought that an organisation like Walmart would have a single point of failure which could wipe out their global delivery capability!" Other customers were quick to vent on Twitter: 2 deliveries from @asda on 2 consecutive days cancelled without knowledge despite emails throughout assuring that delivery is due? JOKE — Lee Krieger (@krieger_lee) October 23, 2016 @AsdaServiceTeam @asda 2 failed grocery deliveries in 8 days. #rollback on customer service. Any good reason why I shouldn't try @Tesco ? — Nick Manning (@nickmann1ng) October 23, 2016 @AsdaServiceTeam @mel_finlay do Asda not know their systems are down and all deliveries cancelled for today????? Shocking service!!!! — maz14885 (@maz14885) October 22, 2016 The supermarket recently scrapped its ecommerce strategy to reach 1,000 click-and-collect sites by 2018, meaning it will halt the planned roll-out of the service at London Underground stations, a goal that would have seen it increase physical access to Asda from 53 per cent of the population to 70 per cent, according to Retail Week. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 14 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Capacity planning fundamentals This ebook will discuss how capacity planning starts with a better understanding of the virtual environments and the interdependencies of the data centre. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight 10x faster servers? Pop a CAPI in your dome Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO VMware do we go from here? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Get News Alerts Crime & Courts © 2016 North Jersey Media Group October 23, 2016 Last updated: Monday, October 24, 2016, 12:16 AM Riverdale: Police Blotter, Oct. 23, 2016 Suburban Trends Two face drug-related charges A routine traffic stop resulted in the discovery of a hypodermic needle and paraphernalia, leading to drug-related charges against both the driver and passenger at 11 a.m. on Oct. 12, authorities said. While stopping a silver Lexus on Route 23 North for an unclear temporary license plate, Patrolman Mike Reilly observed that the driver – identified as Chad Hines, 37, of Vernon – had dried blood on the top of his right hand, according to police. Furthermore, both Hines and his passenger, Annamarie Alvarez, 32, of Little Ferry, appeared to be nervous, said Lt. James MacIntosh in a press release. Upon investigation, police allegedly found that Alvarez was in possession of empty wax folds used to package heroin and a needle cap in her purse. A hypodermic needle was discovered in the trunk, MacIntosh added. He said Hines was charged with possession of a hypodermic needle, while Alvarez was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia – both disorderly person offenses. Hines also received summonses for unclear plate and tinted windows, police said. They were released with a Municipal Court date in October. Suspect found hiking in ravine A Boonton man suspected of shoplifting from Walmart was found hiding in a rocky ravine with a dislocated shoulder at almost 2 p.m. on Oct. 12. According to police, Detective Sgt. Chris Biro responded to the store for a shoplifting suspect who was attempting to flee the store with a $229 Smart Lock. The man was later identified as Frederick Trautvetter, 36. "As Detective Sgt. Biro arrived, the suspect ran from the store and into the wooded area behind the garden center," said Lt. James MacIntosh in a press release. "The suspect refused to stop when ordered by police." Riverdale officers along with Bloomingdale and Kinnelon police located the suspect in the woods between Walmart and Interstate 287 South. Due to his injury, Trautvetter was taken into custody and transported to Chilton Medical Center. Trautvetter was charged with shoplifting and resisting arrest, both fourth-degree crimes. He was released with an appearance at Morris County Central Judicial Processing in October. Shoplifting complaint A 26-year-old Oak Ridge man was charged with both shoplifting and possession of drug paraphernalia after being halted by Walmart store security on Oct. 13 at 5:45 p.m. Responding to the store off Route 23, Sgt. Chuck Quant learned that Scott Wassmer had attempted to take a portable power station valued at $99.94. He was also determined to be in possession of a glass pipe used to smoke marijuana, said Lt. James MacIntosh in a press release. Wassmer was released with a Municipal Court date in October. "Police news" is compiled by Suburban Trends from information provided by the police department. The information is released to the press at the discretion of the police department and may not represent the total scope of police activity. All persons are presumed innocent unless proven guilty. NorthJersey.com : News : Crime and Courts : Police Blotters NorthJersey.com : News : Crime and Courts : Police Blotters October 23, 2016 Last updated: Monday, October 24, 2016, 12:16 AM Riverdale: Police Blotter, Oct. 23, 2016 Suburban Trends Two face drug-related charges A routine traffic stop resulted in the discovery of a hypodermic needle and paraphernalia, leading to drug-related charges against both the driver and passenger at 11 a.m. on Oct. 12, authorities said. While stopping a silver Lexus on Route 23 North for an unclear temporary license plate, Patrolman Mike Reilly observed that the driver – identified as Chad Hines, 37, of Vernon – had dried blood on the top of his right hand, according to police. Furthermore, both Hines and his passenger, Annamarie Alvarez, 32, of Little Ferry, appeared to be nervous, said Lt. James MacIntosh in a press release. Upon investigation, police allegedly found that Alvarez was in possession of empty wax folds used to package heroin and a needle cap in her purse. A hypodermic needle was discovered in the trunk, MacIntosh added. He said Hines was charged with possession of a hypodermic needle, while Alvarez was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia – both disorderly person offenses. Hines also received summonses for unclear plate and tinted windows, police said. They were released with a Municipal Court date in October. Suspect found hiking in ravine A Boonton man suspected of shoplifting from Walmart was found hiding in a rocky ravine with a dislocated shoulder at almost 2 p.m. on Oct. 12. According to police, Detective Sgt. Chris Biro responded to the store for a shoplifting suspect who was attempting to flee the store with a $229 Smart Lock. The man was later identified as Frederick Trautvetter, 36. "As Detective Sgt. Biro arrived, the suspect ran from the store and into the wooded area behind the garden center," said Lt. James MacIntosh in a press release. "The suspect refused to stop when ordered by police." Riverdale officers along with Bloomingdale and Kinnelon police located the suspect in the woods between Walmart and Interstate 287 South. Due to his injury, Trautvetter was taken into custody and transported to Chilton Medical Center. Trautvetter was charged with shoplifting and resisting arrest, both fourth-degree crimes. He was released with an appearance at Morris County Central Judicial Processing in October. Shoplifting complaint A 26-year-old Oak Ridge man was charged with both shoplifting and possession of drug paraphernalia after being halted by Walmart store security on Oct. 13 at 5:45 p.m. Responding to the store off Route 23, Sgt. Chuck Quant learned that Scott Wassmer had attempted to take a portable power station valued at $99.94. He was also determined to be in possession of a glass pipe used to smoke marijuana, said Lt. James MacIntosh in a press release. Wassmer was released with a Municipal Court date in October. "Police news" is compiled by Suburban Trends from information provided by the police department. The information is released to the press at the discretion of the police department and may not represent the total scope of police activity. All persons are presumed innocent unless proven guilty. Tags: Police Blotters  |  Riverdale Inside NorthJersey.com Today's celebrity birthdays:... Tony winner shares insights... American Apparel files for... Now Open: The Barrow House in... From Bergen.com Hundreds come out to meet... Julia's Butterfly Foundation... Rutherford Education... Adora Bella Salon celebrates... From BergenCounty.com Sharing the Arts Together:... Protecting yourself from the... (201) Magazine's Top... Don't Fear the Future:... Get News Alerts © 2016 North Jersey Media Group News Go to the new NorthJersey.com Local Go to the new NorthJersey.com Sports Go to the new NorthJersey.com Photo Galleries Go to the new NorthJersey.com Opinion Go to the new NorthJersey.com Blogs Meadowlands Matters Fire & Ice Ranger Rants Varsity Aces A & E Go to the new NorthJersey.com Events Search Events Add an Event Food Go to the new NorthJersey.com Digital Edition Archive Search Connect Contact Us Newsletters / Alerts Letters to the Editor Advertise NorthJersey.com The Record / Herald News Community Newspapers MailboxFlyer.com Tearsheets Subscribe The Record Herald News Community Newspapers (201) Magazine Customer Care Find Obituaries Photographs Books Reprints and Permissions Archives Legals/Public Notices Local Businesses Garage Sales NorthJersey.com About Us Contact Us Terms of Service/Privacy Police Blotter Policy North Jersey Media Group In The News About Us / Locations Foundation Action Against Hunger Green Statement Employment Opportunities Premiums Events/Exposure ↑ : Home Delivery | Store | Digital Edition | Bergen.com | BergenCounty.com | Events | Special Sections | Homes | Cars | Jobs | Marketplace | Garage Sales | Place an Ad Sections
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast68° FULL FORECASTOvercast68° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Bay Buzz Days after leaving PTC, Victor Crist calls for agency's abolition US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Anclote High assistant principal arrested after marijuana cookies sent her to hospital Defense: St. Petersburg man charged with murder in botched carjacking attempt was protecting his brother Bright House Networks customers: You now belong to Spectrum for cable TV, phone and internet service The Victorian mansion once barged across Tampa Bay hits the market in Ruskin for $2.4 million Review: 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' is lacking movie magic News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana National Trump's choice of Bannon is nod to anti-Washington base Top News Bowen: Mariano goes from college classes to legislative meetings Giuliani emerges as favorite for Trump's secretary of state Trump's choice of Bannon is nod to anti-Washington base A recall, an ouster, an election, now a do-over in Seminole Tribe 'Ape in heels': W.Va. officials under fire after comments about Michelle Obama Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Bucs Bucs' Mike Evans says he will end national anthem protest Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning opens road trip with 4-0 rout of Islanders What motivated Bucs' Mike Evans to sit during anthem to protest Trump? Jones: College Football Playoff committee has a weekend mess to mop up Bears-Bucs Turning Point, Week 10: The key to Jameis Winston executing the play of the year Cabin fever? A list of Florida parks with camping cabins Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Interview: Neil deGrasse Tyson says Comic-Con gives him hope and Florida will be under water Top News Review: 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' is lacking movie magic Review: 'Moonlight' is a modest masterpiece, and quite possibly the best film of 2016 10 recipe ideas for holiday party punch Interview: Neil deGrasse Tyson says Comic-Con gives him hope and Florida will be under water Plans moving forward on St. Pete's Museum of the American Arts and Crafts Movement Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Reality sets in for Trump Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News 'Moonlight' actor Andre Holland to do Q&A at Sundial in St. Petersburg Neil deGrasse Tyson is in town. Here are 3 ways to celebrate your universe. Facebook and Google take action against fake news sites Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test A peek inside Uncle John's Pride, where local artisanal sausage is made Laura Reiley, Times Food Critic Link View all Articles LAURA REILEYTampa Bay Times Monday, October 24, 2016 8:46am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged TAMPA Related News/Archive Peek inside the Chihuly Collection's new location in St. Petersburg 1 Month Ago Dining Planner: Where to eat around St. Pete Pride, dining out to help Orlando 5 Months Ago Halloween haunts: Here's where the local scares are around Tampa Bay 2 Months Ago You're at a University of South Florida football game, or maybe attending the Kumquat Festival in Dade City, and you smell it, the come-hither waft of smoked country sausage. Possibly you're at a Lightning game tucking into a fat bratwurst or even one of the crazy 24-inch hot dogs sold during playoff games. Do you wonder about these wieners? Who made them and how? In the last gasping days before this interminable election cycle comes to a close, it is easy to nod along with what John Godfrey Saxe purportedly wrote in the Daily Cleveland Herald in 1869: "Laws, like sausages, cease to inspire respect in proportion as we know how they are made." But after you've donned a hair net, a heavy set of coveralls and rubber boots, then spent an afternoon at Uncle John's Pride sausage factory near Brandon, respect doesn't shrivel one iota. A vast warren of rooms filled with gleaming stainless steel vats and industrial mechanical "flakers," everything is spotless and nothing smells funny. Even the ingredients — boneless frozen meat blocks, spices, water — don't inspire a moment's queasiness. A drop in the bucket when compared to the mega-links of Hillshire Farms, this local company manufactures nearly 8 million pounds of sausage a year. "We're more like craft sausage — regional, like beer," owner Scott McBride explains. "We're pretty much everywhere in Central Florida and moving into Georgia, Alabama and South Carolina. We want to go national, but not tomorrow." With 72 employees and more than 100 different products, Uncle John's is a conundrum. It's high-tech but nostalgic. It's ambitiously growing at the same time it celebrates old-timey family values. Uncle John's products are everywhere, carried in Winn-Dixie, Publix and Walmart. And yet you may never have heard its name. • • • Uncle John's makes sausage the old-fashioned way, coarsely ground and naturally hickory smoked, no "mechanically separated chicken" or mystery meat. Johnny Pellegrini has worked at Uncle John's for 22 years, his dad Myron did too until he died. Chris Tyler has been here 36 years, and all five of his brothers and his dad Jack worked here. Chief operating officer Rick Bernaldo got here in 1989, and the two Marys (Graves and Vansolkema) are tied at 24 years each. Add the top 20 employees' tenures together and they've spent 386 years working at Uncle John's. Noble Crofton started the company in 1972, moving to the current location in 1975, and the plant has expanded five times since then. A company that started with five employees grew to become a full-line distributor of boxed beef, pork, sausages and deli meats, eventually selling to independent grocery stores in Florida. It grew to $30 million, went through bankruptcy in 1989 and refocused its efforts to sell solely manufactured product. Times change. Uncle John's no longer manufactures smoked offal or neck bones; they used to sell 100,000 pounds of neck bones a week, back when folks used them to flavor soups an add a little savor to stewed greens. They no longer make souse meat (that's hogshead cheese with vinegar). They've gone away from MSG; their sausages are gluten-free. They've stepped away from sodium nitrate and developed all-natural products. The way they've grown — and the reason you may not have heard of them — is through strategic acquisition. First there was Bean Brothers Sausage with its old Tennessee recipe handed down for generations since 1922, then Peppino's, a fresh Italian sausage company in St. Petersburg (this gained them access to food service companies like Sysco and U.S. Foods and got their foot in the door at Walmart). In 2013, Garcia Smoked Sausage in Miami had a fire and came looking for a temporary manufacturer. They're made by Uncle John's now, as is Real Tree Foods, which they bought from Jordan Outdoors, a national brand for outdoorsmen known for its high-end camo. • • • Each day at Uncle John's, it's about the recipe. Today it's Bean Brothers sausage? That's a little spicier with more sage. Making Garcia next? That's got other ingredients like beef heart and tongue with a finer grind, more like a hot dog bite. A batch of link sausage starts as 2,000 pounds of meat, mostly boneless pork picnics from mega-companies like Smithfield or JBS (they go through 50,000 pounds of picnic per week). It is flaked and ground, creating six stainless tubs of ground meat that cures for 24 hours before it is stuffed. There are three stuffers on at a time, automatically making links at intervals, then hangers loop the sausage swiftly over "trees," a rack on wheels with 50 arms. Watch Hector: He loops the emerging sausage like disobedient snakes, aiming for 15 to 19 loops on each arm of the tree. Laden with 750 pounds of sausage, a tree is wheeled into the smokehouse for anywhere from three to four hours. Computer-driven smokers are like giant walk-in ovens that are gas fired with a convection system that controls the humidity and amount of smoke. There are thermometers inside the ovens and inside the sausages themselves. Hickory sawdust goes through smoke generators, is shoveled up high and feeds the coils to produce smoke. "It's all computer programmed," says Bernaldo, "but you still need to have a smoke guy who knows what he's doing by eye." From there, the sausage goes through a brine chiller that takes the sausages from 100 degrees to 40 degrees, as per USDA mandate. Then it's into the room of vacuum-pack machines. Sanitation is heavy duty in here — lots of foot baths, handwashing and gloves. There's a fresh sausage room where meat is ground, bagged, boxed, taped and run through a metal detector; a huge freezer for finished goods and raw materials; plus a loading dock, conference rooms and break rooms. And through it all, a crew aimed at maximizing efficiency. "We measure efficiency as pounds per man hour," says Bernaldo at the end of the tour. "We were running in the 40s, and now we're in the 70s." Forget the sage and hickory smoke. It seems like the most important ingredient at Uncle John's is its employees. Maybe that's the most salient thing about how the sausage is made. Contact Laura Reiley at lreiley@tampabay.com or (727) 892-2293. Follow @lreiley on Twitter. Previous Next Previous Next A peek inside Uncle John's Pride, where local artisanal sausage is made 10/24/16 [Last modified: Monday, October 24, 2016 3:48pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Features News Nation Local World From the Editor Columns Last Word Latest Posts Arts Out On the Town Discount Tickets to DC Events Stage Music Film Reel Affirmations Games Television Life Cars Food Health Home Pets Technology Travel Community Business Calendar Community Directory Weather Nightlife Calendar Bars & Clubs Clublife Coverboy Scene Photos Video Featured Partners Health Legal Services Retail Weddings Gift Shop About Us Subscribe to our Daily E-Blast Advertising with Metro Weekly Where to Find MW Features News Nation Local World From the Editor Columns Last Word Latest Posts Arts Out On the Town Discount Tickets to DC Events Stage Music Film Reel Affirmations Games Television Life Cars Food Health Home Pets Technology Travel Community Business Calendar Community Directory Weather Nightlife Calendar Bars & Clubs Clublife Coverboy Scene Photos Video Featured Partners Health Legal Services Retail Weddings Gift Shop Home / Features / Jacked Up: An Interview with Scott Wallis Jacked Up: An Interview with Scott Wallis Scott Wallis wanted to open a gay underwear store. Then he added shirts, belts, casual wear, colognes, ties. The result is perhaps the most appealing masculine boutique Washington has ever seen. Welcome to Avenue Jack. By Doug Rule on October 20, 2016 @ruleonwriting Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Scott Wallis: Avenue Jack — Photo: Todd Franson From stints in the Bush White House and at two leading libertarian think tanks, to a foray into the fun albeit profit-free world of podcasting, no chapter in the book of Scott Wallis reads quite like the one that came before. The story is a page-turner, much like one of the mystery novels he writes in his spare time, brought to life through vivid, only-in-D.C. details. A little over a year ago, Wallis embarked on his most ambitious adventure yet — Avenue Jack, a men’s casual retail shop south of Dupont Circle, nestled between Luna Grill and a Starbucks, steps away from the Metro. “Dale came up with the name,” Wallis says, referring to business partner Dale Blades, with whom he co-hosted the gay comedy podcast Swish Edition for several years. “We literally wrote down dozens and dozens of names and Avenue Jack just seemed to work.” Retail wasn’t an obvious career move for either man, but in recent years, D.C. has seen a resurgence of independent boutique retailers like Avenue Jack, particularly in trendy, revitalizing neighborhoods. “I wanted to be on 14th Street,” Wallis says. “All the stores like Shinola, Filson, Federal — there’s great shopping over there. But the rents over there are ridiculous — over 100 dollars a square foot. We couldn’t afford that.” For the moment, he’s content with his Dupont Circle location. “We’re getting business people, we’re getting tourists,” he says. “More and more, we’re getting locals.” Wallis is drawing people to the store by holding events. Powered by food and drink provided by neighboring vendors, the store has hosted small fundraisers for local organizations on a regular basis. Boasting a dark copper tin ceiling and cedar walls to dark brown-stained hardwood floors, Avenue Jack has a deep, masculine feel to it. It’s comfortable, intimate. “We were going for kind of a cross between a gentleman’s club and a mountain chalet,” Wallis says. “I just wanted it to be a really warm antithesis of what so many stores are now. You walk into H&M or Walmart or Gap and they’re so bright white, with overhead lights. We don’t have one fluorescent light in here. It’s as warm as possible.” Just like the soft-spoken 46-year-old himself, who is as forthcoming (and, this being Washington, politically outspoken) as he is congenial and welcoming. He’s proud of his accomplishments, and rightfully so. Retail isn’t an easy mountain to scale, but Wallis, who is the very embodiment of persistence and drive, is determined to reach its peak and plant his flag. For Scott Wallis, it’s most definitely a man’s world. Scott Wallis: Avenue Jack — Photo: Todd Franson METRO WEEKLY: Let’s start with what brought you to D.C. SCOTT WALLIS: I grew up in Williamsburg, Virginia. Not too far away — at least two and a half hours, but with horrible I-95 traffic, it can take a lot longer than that. I went to college at Radford University in Southwest Virginia. While I was in college I got the opportunity to work for then-Vice President Dan Quayle. I took a semester off from school to come work full-time in his office, in the Old Executive Office Building. And I worked directly for his Director of Administration. MW: Are you a Republican? WALLIS: I was at the time, yeah. I’m not anymore. Not since immediately after college, when I went to work at the Cato Institute, the libertarian think tank. Then I realized the error of my ways and became an independent. I don’t associate with any party. MW: When did you come out? WALLIS: I don’t know if I ever did. I think I just always was. I started telling friends in high school. I don’t think I talked about it when I worked at the White House. But certainly in high school, my good friends knew. I didn’t tell my parents until after college because I was afraid they might cut off my funding for college, but they’ve been very cool about it. They’re super Republican. Voting for Trump. Very religious. But they’ve accepted me. I’ve been with my partner now for 22 years and we go on vacations together and they stay at our house and come to all the holidays and stuff. So they’ve been very supportive. We don’t talk about politics or religion though. MW: What religion are they? WALLIS: My mom’s a Christian Scientist. MW: Who don’t believe in medical science. WALLIS: That’s right. And it was tough growing up that way. Both my parents are pilots — dad was a commercial pilot and mom was a private pilot. So they only had so much leeway. As a pilot you have to get a physical every six months to keep your license. They had to go through the hoops. They had to, to be able to fly. They did do that. MW: Did you interact with the gay community while working for Dan Quayle? WALLIS: No. At that point I’d never been to a gay bar. I had gay friends and I had dated but I’d never, ever been to a gay bar, and I thought they were so scary. Even though JR.’s was just up the street, two blocks from where I was living, I wouldn’t go, because I was deathly afraid to go there. I don’t know what I thought was going to happen to me. MW: Did homosexuality ever come up while you were working for Quayle? Did you ever feel uncomfortable? WALLIS: No, but Dan Quayle was amazing. I mean he’s a lot more conservative than I am, but he’s a great, great guy. And I got to know him really well. I did a lot of family trips, I didn’t do official trips. So I spent a lot of time with his kids. And whenever I would take the kids out without the parents, he’d want to talk to me. So it would be just the two of us sitting around talking. That was pretty cool. I don’t know how many people get to just sit and talk to the Vice President of the United States like that at such an age. MW: Did you ever bring a date to a White House function? WALLIS: I certainly did not. But I wasn’t even dating anyone at that point, so it wasn’t a problem. I went by myself or went with other friends from the White House. MW: I understand you also have a connection to the conservative Koch brothers beyond their involvement at Cato. WALLIS: I was the Creative Director at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University for four years, which is another libertarian, free-market think tank co-founded by Charles Koch. I did fundraising and event planning, all kinds of stuff. I was in charge of the website. I also oversaw all publications. It was a big job. MW: The Koch brothers aren’t strictly Libertarian anymore though. WALLIS: Well, they were. David Koch was the Libertarian Party vice presidential nominee at one point. But no, I think they’re pretty aligned with the GOP now — except I don’t believe they’re supporting Trump. MW: How do you feel about Trump? WALLIS: I think he’s the antichrist. [Laughs.] He’s horrible, in every possible way. Just the flat-out lies. Right after the debate, the press said, “You said you’re smart because you didn’t pay any taxes” and he said, “I didn’t say that.” The whole world just heard you say it, dumbass. He’s awful. We have to do everything we can to make sure that man doesn’t become president. And [Libertarian Party presidential candidate] Gary Johnson, who I did like up until recently, we need him to go away. What he did on MSNBC — you can’t name one frigging world leader? Not one? That’s inexcusable. If I was [running mate] William Weld, I’d drop out. I’d walk away from Gary. They have no possibility of winning, so they just need to go away. MW: Do you like Hillary Clinton? WALLIS: No, I can’t stand her. MW: So you won’t be voting for her, then? WALLIS: Does it matter who I vote for? I live in Washington, D.C. My vote doesn’t count. D.C. is going to vote for Hillary Clinton by at least 85 percent, so it doesn’t really matter who I vote for. But I certainly won’t be voting for Trump. MW: What should we do to ensure that he doesn’t get elected? WALLIS: We have to convince people in Pennsylvania, Colorado, Florida not to vote for him. MW: Are you going to do anything? WALLIS: Besides putting up articles about how horrible Trump is on social media? No. MW: Is there any hope of convincing your parents not to vote for him? WALLIS: No. Sometimes we’ll start talking about certain things. I mean I certainly agree with them on certain issues. I am fairly conservative on fiscal issues. I don’t think we need to be giving everything to everyone for free, or guaranteeing everything to everyone. I don’t think the government needs to be a 100 percent safety net for every single citizen. That’s going to bankrupt us someday. I mean Hillary getting up there and promising everyone free college is such a joke. It’s never going to happen. Of course she likes to say it, over and over again. And if you do give everyone free college, doesn’t it just become 13th, 14th, 15th and 16th grades? Does a college education really mean anything if every single person in the country gets to go just like they do up until the 12th grade? That’s one of my big things. Should it be more affordable? Yes. And we should work on ways to do that, but I don’t think it should be free. Because it dumbs it down for everybody. When it becomes free and everyone can go, it’s not special anymore. Photo Spread: The newest fall fashions for men at Avenue Jack. MW: Do you miss being in politics? WALLIS: No. And I don’t miss working 9 to 5, either. I don’t think I could ever work in an office again. It’s been twelve years since I’ve had a job where someone else is paying me. MW: When did you get into fashion and retail? WALLIS: About ten years ago my family started a baby clothes manufacturing company — House of Mongrel. We had a little mongrel dog as the mascot. I did this with my sister and brother-in-law. We designed all the clothes, and we had them produced. They were all organic, all made in America — which were two of our big mistakes. Being all made in America and being all organic is very expensive, which kept us out of a lot of stores. We could never get the big contracts that we really needed, like Target or the mainstream chains. We did get into about 350 stores across the country, which was really exciting, including some stores here in D.C. After that project was over, that’s when the concept of opening our own store for guys came about. The original concept was to open a super gay underwear store. My partner Dennis and I were in London and we went into this underwear store. And I absolutely fell in love with it. The shopping in London is amazing. There are just so many cute little independent stores. You definitely knew you were walking into a gay store. And they had this great underwear, Bluebuck underwear, which I fell in love with. I bought a pair and I’m like, “You know what? We should go home and open a super gay underwear store and give Universal Gear a run for the money, because their stuff is so expensive.” So that was the idea — to get a small space and just sell underwear. We put a business plan together for that. And after going to trade shows, I thought, “You know what, why don’t we add t-shirts?” And then, “Maybe we should add jeans. And what about coats? Jackets? And then of course people are going to need belts.” Eventually, we got to, “Let’s not just be a gay underwear store, let’s be a store for everybody.” And then it became this. And we ended up with two-thousand square feet. A casual men’s clothing store. No ties, no jackets, no blazers, no suits. There are a million stores in D.C. that do that so we’re not even going to try to touch that. We just wanted to be as mainstream as possible. Preppy, casual, comfortable, moderately priced. MW: Is that still the mission? WALLIS: Well, now that Universal Gear is gone we’ve upped our underwear game a little bit by adding C-IN2, and we have jockstraps now. I don’t know if any straight guys have bought them, but we’ve certainly sold them to gay guys. MW: What’s been the biggest surprise since you opened? WALLIS: Oh my gosh. Tons and tons of stuff. I didn’t anticipate that half of our customers would be women, buying stuff for guys. That’s been eye-opening. We thought it would be all guys, not knowing that women buy the majority of straight guys’ stuff for them. We also didn’t realize we’d get as many out-of-towners, tourists. I think that’s probably because of the neck of the woods that we’re in. We’ve got the Mayflower just a block down. We’ve got the Dupont Circle Hotel. The Washington Hilton sends people to us all the time — when business guys forget a tie or forget their belt or forget their underwear. The concierges have been really great about that, and we’ve definitely gone out of our way to make friends with the concierges. MW: You’re also reaching out to the community. WALLIS: We do a lot of events here, running specials. Last week we had a big party for SMYAL. And I don’t think we’ve had more people in the store — it was really crowded. I couldn’t make it from the front door to the back. MW: What keeps people coming back to Avenue Jack over other stores? WALLIS: We have a great loyalty program. For every dollar you spend you get a point, and your points add up to free store credits. So instead of giving our best customers 15 percent off or something, they’re getting points, and then they can use that store credit towards stuff that they want. We try to communicate with them when we have new stuff that we think they might be interested in. MW: Such as? WALLIS: I’m really excited about Faherty, which is a kind of surf-inspired brand. And Grayers, started by a former head designer for Ralph Lauren. Just great classic preppy shirts and ties and jackets. And we have Herschel and Timbuk2 bags. MW: You also carry giftable, non-clothing items. WALLIS: That wasn’t even on our radar when we first opened, but now we have a lot of it and we sell a lot of it. We have the D.C. map glassware. We have the cocktailing stuff, like the carry-on cocktail kit and the pineapple tumbler. Those things — our D.C. pillows, the neighborhood pillows with all the names on it, the neighborhood coasters, the glass coasters — they’re made right here in the city. That stuff has done really, really well for us. Again, mostly women buy that stuff. They come in here looking for a gift for their boyfriend or husband or brother, and we try to steer them away from buying something that is going to be returned. Like, if they buy him that medium sweater and he’s like an extra large or hates that color — it’s hard to buy clothes for other people. I’ve never quite understood that. I think people should buy their own clothes. But we’ll sell them — if you want to buy it, we’ll sell it to you. [Laughs.] But most likely, it’s coming back. So that’s why having the gifty stuff is great. I mean, they can buy a SlideBelt, which fits anybody. They can buy the D.C. glassware or grooming stuff or a tie. Soap or cologne. MW: How do you decide on what cologne to carry? WALLIS: They had to be stuff that you’re not going to find in every major department store. So the ones we have right now are craft small-batch, made in Austin, Texas, called Moonshine, Bluegrass. It’s kind of a musky, earthy scent without being overpowering. I’m not a cologne user or wearer, but my customers like them and we sell a lot of it. MW: How often are you here in the store? WALLIS: Every day. Every day that I’m in town. I have days off but I inevitably end up in here anyway. MW: You haven’t taken a vacation? WALLIS: No, not as vacation. I’ve gone on a couple trips. We go to Vegas twice a year to buy for the store. We go to New York a lot to go to showrooms and stuff. I recently went to Boston for my cousin’s wedding. But these are things I have to do. I haven’t done a real vacation yet. MW: What are your plans for the future? A second location? WALLIS: That’s the goal. I don’t think we could ever make enough money to make this worthwhile just having one store. If you look at what David did with Universal Gear, I mean at one point he had five or six stores. Lou Lou and South Man Under are both local chains that started with one store. One’s never enough. You’ve got to have more. And if you’re going to do all this work, it’s actually not that much more work to do a second store. Having other locations was part of the original business plan. Of course I thought we’d be working on store number two by now. I don’t think we’re quite ready for that. We definitely want to keep it within the DMV somewhere. We’d like to produce our own clothes too. Right now we just have logo T-shirts. We’ve got some canvas bags and we’ve got some hats. But we’d like to make our own stuff. Eventually. We feel really good. We keep growing. It’s going to take some more time before we have proof of concept, I guess. And hopefully that’ll happen. We’re coming now to the most important part of the year, our strongest quarter by far. Last December — our first — was the first month that we were in the black. We expect that that will happen again, even more so this year now that more people know that we’re here. MW: Have you got any plans outside of Avenue Jack? WALLIS: My personal goal ever since college has been to be a published author. And my ultimate, ultimate goal is to publish a book a year. That’s what I’ve always wanted to do. I didn’t realize it was so damn hard. MW: The writing? WALLIS: To get published. The writing is the easy part, and I have a great editor that I work with that helps me polish stuff. I tried for well over a decade and then decided just to publish my own stuff. I finally have secured a book agent, so I’m trying to finish my current book and hopefully we’ll be able to sell that to a publisher. I’m feverishly trying to finish the book but it’s not easy while running the store. My goal is to finish it by the end of the year.I have my fingers crossed that I’ll actually be able to sell something. MW: Is it a mystery like your self-published book, Scout’s Honor? WALLIS: Yeah, dark humor mysteries, that’s what I write. MW: Are you a big mystery movie type of guy? WALLIS: I watch a lot of TV, I don’t watch as many movies. But I’m a humongous James Bond fan. I’ve seen all the James Bond movies like ten times each. My stuff’s not spy-related, but I do love that kind of thing. I don’t know if you’re familiar with Stuart Woods — he writes three books a year, and I read every single one. I would love to be at a place where I’m publishing three books a year. And he’s got his own airplane and four houses. He does really well for himself. I just want to sell one. I don’t even care if anyone buys it. I just want a publishing house to agree to publish a book. That would be just absolutely thrilling for me. Avenue Jack is located at 1301 Connecticut Ave. NW, and open weekdays, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m., and weekends 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Call 202-887-5225 or visit avenuejack.com. Jacktoberfest, featuring store specials, autumn beers on tap and a Halloween prize giveaway, is set for the last weekend in October. Photo Spread: Check out the latest men’s fall fashions at Avenue Jack. Feed Your Email News, Reviews, Contests, Coverboy, Discounts and More! Metro Weekly's Emails are a great way to stay up-to-date with everything you want to know -- and more! Email Click to Subscribe Doug Rule covers the arts, theater, music, food, nightlife and culture as contributing editor for Metro Weekly. Related ItemsAvenue Jackbusinessclothesclothingdupont circlefeaturedretailScott Wallistickeruniversal gear ← Previous Story Reel Affirmations XXIII: Your complete guide to this year’s festival Next Story → Voicing Opinions: The Results of Metro Weekly’s 2016 Election Survey You may also like... Spotlight: Isamu Noguchi’s Archaic/Modern at the American Art Museum Spotlight: John Hudak comes to Kramerbooks Spotlight: A Drag Queen Christmas with Bob the Drag Queen, Kim Chi, Alyssa Edwards Polls Take Our Poll Metro Weekly Contests Win tickets, music & other items Check out the current contest list here. Most Popular Most Viewed Recent Posts Tags Spotlight: Strathmore Museum's Shop Around NOM wants to repeal marriage equality under Trump administration Spotlight: A Drag Queen Christmas with Bob the Drag Queen, Kim Chi, Alyssa Edwards Trump's America rears its ugly, racist head The Elephant Has Landed: Donald Trump, Republicans and the Future of Equality Spotlight: Second City's Black Side of the Moon No Returns: With Trump, America Made a Bad Choice Coverboy: Christian Mosaic Theater's "Milk Like Sugar" review: Impressive cast, compelling production Whitman-Walker announces first annual Brunch to End HIV Spotlight: Isamu Noguchi's Archaic/Modern at the American Art Museum Spotlight: John Hudak comes to Kramerbooks Spotlight: A Drag Queen Christmas with Bob the Drag Queen, Kim Chi, Alyssa Edwards Spotlight: Alexandria Film Festival Mike Pence will lead Trump transition team Spotlight: Sylver Logan Sharp at Blues Alley Spotlight: Strathmore Museum's Shop Around Trump's America rears its ugly, racist head Spotlight: Second City's Black Side of the Moon Anti-LGBT aggressions tick up following Donald Trump's victory african-american aids barack obama black capital pride celebrities coverboy crime dadt dc discrimination doma drag enda featured film film festival gay hillary clinton hiv hrc kennedy center lesbians lgbt marriage marriage equality maryland military movies music nightclubs obama proposition 8 reel affirmations religion republican party same-sex marriage senate supreme court ticker transgender tv virginia white house youth Metro Weekly on Twitter Tweets about metroweekly OR "metro weekly" -davidteamq Featured Partners Metro Weekly Contributor | April 7, 2016 iPhone Saviors: CrackedMacScreen Metro Weekly Contributor | January 30, 2016 Ray Gernhart: Show Man Metro Weekly Contributor | January 14, 2016 Fetish Sizing: Bite The Fruit’s personalized buying experience Discount Tickets for Upcoming Shows Mariah Carey Dec 5 - Dec 17, 2016 The Kinsey Sicks: "Oy Vey in a Manger" Dec 21 - Dec 28, 2016 Septime Webre's "The Nutcracker" Dec 3 - Dec 23, 2016 "Six Degrees of Separation" Nov 17 - Dec 1, 2016 "Freaky Friday" Nov 17 - Nov 18, 2016 » View more events Metro Weekly Washington's LGBT Magazine 1775 I Street NW, Suite 1150 Washington, DC 20006 (202) 638-6830 About Us page Follow Us: · Facebook · Twitter · YouTube · Pinterest · LinkedIn · RSS Feed Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (62) October 2016  (130) September 2016  (139) August 2016  (121) July 2016  (124) June 2016  (162) May 2016  (132) April 2016  (94) March 2016  (115) February 2016  (93) January 2016  (98) December 2015  (92) November 2015  (110) October 2015  (116) September 2015  (131) August 2015  (117) July 2015  (119) June 2015  (144) May 2015  (127) April 2015  (138) March 2015  (171) February 2015  (121) January 2015  (118) December 2014  (101) November 2014  (100) October 2014  (129) September 2014  (86) August 2014  (151) July 2014  (111) June 2014  (112) May 2014  (151) April 2014  (110) March 2014  (146) February 2014  (156) January 2014  (125) December 2013  (112) November 2013  (141) October 2013  (171) September 2013  (153) August 2013  (171) July 2013  (131) June 2013  (152) May 2013  (181) April 2013  (152) March 2013  (161) February 2013  (135) January 2013  (177) December 2012  (122) November 2012  (118) October 2012  (178) September 2012  (166) August 2012  (197) July 2012  (217) June 2012  (185) May 2012  (218) April 2012  (184) March 2012  (230) February 2012  (197) January 2012  (234) December 2011  (211) November 2011  (161) October 2011  (265) September 2011  (178) August 2011  (174) July 2011  (196) June 2011  (241) May 2011  (215) April 2011  (228) March 2011  (250) February 2011  (216) January 2011  (196) December 2010  (253) November 2010  (220) October 2010  (256) September 2010  (239) August 2010  (215) July 2010  (213) June 2010  (174) May 2010  (151) April 2010  (139) March 2010  (174) February 2010  (119) January 2010  (130) December 2009  (125) November 2009  (131) October 2009  (193) September 2009  (139) August 2009  (109) July 2009  (104) June 2009  (130) May 2009  (131) April 2009  (147) March 2009  (112) February 2009  (106) January 2009  (90) December 2008  (93) November 2008  (117) October 2008  (204) September 2008  (156) August 2008  (140) July 2008  (146) June 2008  (229) May 2008  (146) April 2008  (101) March 2008  (78) February 2008  (77) January 2008  (73) December 2007  (55) November 2007  (32) October 2007  (129) September 2007  (76) August 2007  (57) July 2007  (43) June 2007  (89) May 2007  (68) April 2007  (57) March 2007  (46) February 2007  (42) January 2007  (54) December 2006  (39) November 2006  (49) October 2006  (104) September 2006  (58) August 2006  (46) July 2006  (34) June 2006  (43) May 2006  (47) April 2006  (40) March 2006  (46) February 2006  (35) January 2006  (37) December 2005  (37) November 2005  (36) October 2005  (97) September 2005  (43) August 2005  (37) July 2005  (28) June 2005  (54) May 2005  (34) April 2005  (39) March 2005  (49) February 2005  (34) January 2005  (29) December 2004  (37) November 2004  (35) October 2004  (102) September 2004  (45) August 2004  (38) July 2004  (40) June 2004  (67) May 2004  (44) April 2004  (48) March 2004  (60) February 2004  (44) January 2004  (36) December 2003  (42) November 2003  (38) October 2003  (108) September 2003  (49) August 2003  (25) July 2003  (42) June 2003  (29) May 2003  (41) April 2003  (48) March 2003  (48) February 2003  (42) January 2003  (46) December 2002  (32) November 2002  (22) October 2002  (90) September 2002  (34) August 2002  (23) July 2002  (36) June 2002  (9) May 2002  (4) April 2002  (7) March 2002  (4) February 2002  (6) January 2002  (3) December 2001  (3) June 2001  (1) January 2001  (1) November 1999  (3) September 1999  (1) June 1999  (1) March 1999  (1) September 1998  (1) July 1996  (1) January 1996  (1) July 1995  (1) May 1994  (4) 0  (1) Follow Us on Facebook Copyright © 2016 Jansi LLC. Archived Magazine PDFs Site Map Support MW Visitors Guide to D.C. RSS Feed
null
Search About Us Advertise Connect with Us facebook Menu News Weather People Celebrations Schools Elementary/Intermediate Schools Middle Schools High Schools Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants 2015 Women of Hoover 2016 Women of Hoover Opinion Mayor's Minute Kari Kampakis Rick Watson Editor's Perspective Events Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather Home News Group of residents oppose USS Corp. effort to amend Trace Crossings zoning plan Group of residents oppose USS Corp. effort to amend Trace Crossings zoning plan by Jon Anderson October 11, 2016 1:51 AM Back to Search Results RSS Print × Expand Map provided by House Consulting for the city of Hoover Trace Crossings planned industrial zoning 10-10-16 USS Corp. is asking the city of Hoover to amend the Trace Crossings development plan so that land currently zoned for restricted industrial use could only be used for commercial or office property. Part of the land, in blue on the left, is at the intersection of Brock's Gap Parkway and South Shades Crest Road. The other portion is along Stadium Trace Parkway across from Hoover Metropolitan Stadium. A large group of residents from Hoover’s Trace Crossings community and other neighborhoods off South Shades Crest Road came to the Hoover zoning board meeting tonight to oppose changes in the Trace Crossings development plan. U.S.S. Corp. wants to amend the plan so that vacant property currently zoned for restricted industrial use would be rezoned so it could only be used for commercial or office space. Residents typically favor commercial and office space near residential subdivisions more than industrial zoning, but the vast majority of people who came to tonight’s meeting were against the changes. The land in question is in two locations. One area is at the intersection of Brock’s Gap Parkway and South Shades Crest Road (on both sides of South Shades Crest Road), and the other is along Stadium Trace Parkway, directly across from Hoover Metropolitan Stadium. Molly McGregor, a resident of the Chestnut Ridge portion of Trace Crossings who served as a spokeswoman for many of the residents, said the USS Corp. proposal is an outrage. Residents were willing to embrace a small neighborhood shopping center at the intersection of Stadium Trace and Brock’s Gap parkways, but they do not want to see general commercial development that deep into the Trace Crossings community, McGregor said. Yes, the new $80 million sports complex being built next to the Hoover Met is going to create more demand for hotel space in Hoover, McGregor said, but hotels and the developments that come with them don’t belong in the middle of neighborhoods. They belong in a commercial corridor, such as John Hawkins Parkway, she said. Several residents said they fear hotels and other 24-hour businesses will bring more crime to their neighborhoods and the three schools in Trace Crossings. And both Stadium Trace Parkway and South Shades Crest Road already are too congested with traffic, residents said. Donald Barley, a resident of the Creekside subdivision in Trace Crossings, noted that the Hoover City Council in April of last year already denied U.S. Steel’s attempt to rezone 26 acres at the intersection of Brock’s Gap Parkway and South Shades Crest Road to make way for a Walmart Neighborhood Market. Nothing has changed since that time to make it a better idea now, he said. “It’s never going to be a good idea,” Barley said. Warren Kuntz, a resident of the Willow Lakes community off South Shades Crest Road, was the only resident to speak in favor of the proposed changes. He believes the changes might enhance residents’ property values, he said. He also noted that Stadium Trace Parkway is not a residential street. Justin Armstrong, manager of commercial sales and development for U.S.S. Real Estate, said he can’t understand why any residents would prefer industrial property next to their homes over commercial or office space. Industrial use is not a good fit for the areas in question, he said. Armstrong noted that a comprehensive planning committee for which McGregor served as chairwoman for the city of Hoover in 2003 recommended the property at the intersection of Brock’s Gap Parkway and South Shades Crest Road be zoned commercial. Armstrong also said a Walmart is no longer in the plans. Regarding the property along Stadium Trace Parkway, he noted that any buildings would have to be at least 200 feet off the property line and would be down the hill from Chestnut Ridge. “Nobody’s going to be in anybody’s backyard,” he said. Planning Commission Chairman Mike Wood said residents should understand that the property as currently zoned could be used for warehouses, manufacturing, fabricating, woodworking, assembly plants, print shops or other light industrial uses. “It’s not like it’s going to stay woods,” Wood said. “It won’t. It’s too valuable a piece of property." If they successfully defeat commercial and office uses, “they’re rolling the dice,” Wood said in the zoning board’s work session before tonight’s meeting. McGregor said residents understand the risks, but they believe the land is much more likely to stay unsold and undeveloped if it is zoned for restricted industrial uses. “We understand the risks to our neighborhoods, our children, our schools and our safety,” she said. × Expand Photo by Jon Anderson Hoover zoning board 10-10-16 Dozens of Hoover residents showed up at the Hoover Planning and Zoning Commission meeting on Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, to oppose USS Corp's efforts to amend the Trace Crossings zoning plan. Zoning board member Sammy Harris said as more houses are built farther down Stadium Trace Parkway, some of those people might want commercial development along Stadium Trace so they won’t have to travel all the way back to John Hawkins Parkway. Councilman John Lyda, who also sits on the zoning board, said residents tend to buy into development plans better when the developer presents a strong vision for the property and outlines what he would like to see on it. “Right now, this thing is shrouded in mystery,” Lyda said. At Wood’s recommendation, the zoning board voted to continue the case until Nov. 14 to give USS Corp. a chance to meet again with residents and try to work out a compromise, with assistance from Hoover planning consultant Bob House. House said he would work with McGregor and Armstrong to set up a meeting. McGregor at first said residents were not ready to compromise, noting that Armstrong previously had called them “spineless cowards,” but she later agreed to another meeting. Tags Trace Crossings Hoover Planning and Zoning Commission Justin Armstrong Molly McGregor by Jon Anderson October 11, 2016 1:51 AM View Past Issues Upcoming Events Glue Gun Gang: Sock Snowman Nov 15, 2016 6:30 PM Hoover Public Library Make a stained glass Christmas tree ornament with Kennen Spivey Nov 15, 2016 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Artists on the Bluff French Conversation Club Nov 15, 2016 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Hoover Public Library The Midnight Swinger Nov 15, 2016 7:30 PM Stardome Comedy Club National Fast Food Day Nov 16, 2016 9:30 AM - 11:00 AM Chick-fil-A Hoover Commons Thank a Vet Fiction Author Skype Nov 16, 2016 10:00 AM Hoover Public Library Beginning Blacksmithing, Forging Nails Nov 16, 2016 10:00 AM - 1:00 PM Artists on the Bluff Pounding & Planishing, Forging Spoons Nov 16, 2016 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM Artists on the Bluff Zentangle Inspired Cross with Darla Williamson Nov 16, 2016 10:00 AM Artists on the Bluff No Jacket Required Nonfiction Book Group Nov 16, 2016 10:30 AM Hoover Public Library Submit Yours News Weather People Celebrations Schools Elementary/Intermediate Schools Middle Schools High Schools Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants 2015 Women of Hoover 2016 Women of Hoover Opinion Mayor's Minute Kari Kampakis Rick Watson Editor's Perspective Events Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather About Us Advertise Hoover Sun LLC Built with Metro Publisher™
null
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Target Now Has More Solar Panels Than Any Other Corporation Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 24, 2016 9:11am   Comments Share: Related TGT Can Any Discount Retailer Withstand Wal-Mart? The Market In 5 Minutes: A Couple Of Pharma Stocks Move 70% In Opposite Directions Want News? Take Your Pick From Retail Sales, Fed, Oil, Home Depot, Trump (Seeking Alpha) Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) is now the largest corporate installer of solar power in the United States, according to Electrek. Target now boasts 147MW of installed solar power across 300 stores, which exceeds Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT)'s solar installed base of 130MW while Ikea, the popular furniture, appliances and home accessories seller, has installed solar power modules across 90 percent of its retail locations. Electrek, citing data from the Solar Energy Institute of America (SEIA), reported that over 1,000MW of solar power has been installed in nearly 2,000 retail locations and stores across the United States. Related Link: Coming Soon To Target Fashion Items From Victoria Beckham Electrek further noted that financial reasoning often tops the list of why corporate America is focusing on green energy. In fact, environmental reasoning is more often than not even part of the sales conversation between companies and solar power providers. The three main factors companies consider prior to installing solar panels include access to good sunlight, non-solar electricity rates and state level renewable mandates. Despite having less sunlight than Southern California, the northeast United States is a major hub for commercial solar installations given expensive electricity rates and aggressive clean energy pushes at the state level. Finally, Electrek stated that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) remains a leader in its commitment toward renewable energy is aiming for 4,000MW of solar power to be installed across its properties across the world. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: Electrek Solar Power Solar Power Installations Target Solar PowerNews Commodities Markets Media Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + TGT) Apple Doesn't Set The Table Anymore The Market In 5 Minutes: Carl Icahn, Mary Jo White And Rudy Giuliani Making News Can Any Discount Retailer Withstand Wal-Mart? Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Technical Alert: Apple Bruised View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on TGT Trending Recent 1 HAR, MENT: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DUST, JNUG: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 RATE, TRUE: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Res... 6 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA Afte... 7 FB, BAC: The Trump Market Is Killin... 1 XOMA: XOMA Challenged With A 'Major Financing Overhang' 2 AAP, EQY: Benzinga's Volume Movers 3 USD/CAD Trading Lower, Canadian Motor Vehicle Sales Improve 4 LOW, HD: Analyst: Home Depot's Q3 Proves The Home Improvement Mar... 5 AAL: Technical Alert: American Airlines Surrenders Some Of Earl... 6 HON, LMT: As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win 7 PAVM, NOK: Stocks Hitting 52-Week Lows View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 2016-17 NBA Season: Basketball Shoe Preview The Market In 5 Minutes: Industry-Changing M&A In Media, Aerospace, And Financial Services
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Weather Eye: Normal weather returns; Thursday, Friday dry for outdoor plans U.S. experts host volcano workshop Police departments eye lower recruitment criteria Woman charged in head-on crash Teen sentenced in armed robbery Men face multiple charges in two shooting cases Northwest officials discuss train transport Two injured in fire north of La Center released from hospital Police investigate attempted robbery in downtown Vancouver Northwest officials discuss train transport A group of elected officials who want federal regulators to do more about mitigating the risks local communities face from… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 11-15 Prairie girls basketball off to fresh start Community notebook: Woodland’s Cichosz crowned World’s Toughest Mudder Community scoreboard 11-14 Seager, Fulmer take Rookie of the Year honors Russell Wilson joining Seattle Arena investment group Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week How Clark County college football players fared, Nov. 12 Weekly high school sports schedule, Nov. 14-19 For state playoffs, just set matchups and play it out Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Weekly vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Brunell: Putting Americans back to work is Job No. 1 Google latest to get fooled by fake election stories Tech stock losses cancel out bank gains Government requiring electric cars to make noise Apple Pay, Samsung Pay make changes Drink distributors to merge American flight attendants report more uniform issues Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection for a second time Siemens to buy Oregon’s Mentor Graphics Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday CAMAS — Some people pass jewelry down to their sons or daughters. The Runyan family passed down a jewelry store. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Make these chocolate rosemary biscotti for a snack or a gift Mini pies take center stage A few simple hacks, and I have a new hero A one-pot take that does ‘pasta fazool’ one better Keep turkey breast moist by putting stuffing under the skin Molasses cookies kind of perfect Know volume of baking pans Southwestern chicken & rice skillet recipe gets a boost from fresh peppers, spices Venezuelan corncakes stack up to toppings Goodbye, roasted turkey — Say hello to crusted pork Mini pies take center stage When I have a lot of people coming over, I love to make mini pies, or “pie cups.” I coined… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Does He Mean What he Says? Sowell: We dodged one bullet, but there could be a lot more Letter: Be honest about Civil War Letter: Protesters show hypocrisy Letter: Support palliative care bill Letter: Fight for what is right Letter: Terminal doesn’t belong in Kalama In Our View: Blackface is Overt Racism Pitts: Americans said yes vile treatment of most vulnerable Letter: Provide support for caregivers Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Demand for clean energy plays into N.W. electricity production More customers want power from renewable sources Wind turbines are seen June 3, 2011, in the Columbia River Gorge near Goldendale. (Rick Bowner/Associated Press) By BECKY Kramer, The Spokesman-Review Published: October 24, 2016, 6:01 AM A   A Demand for carbon-free energy is starting to influence how electricity is produced in Washington. In about two years, corporate and government clients of a Western Washington utility will be able to buy 100 percent of their electricity from new, renewable energy projects. Puget Sound Energy’s program is the first of its kind in the state. Customers who sign up for the voluntary program will pay more for the all-renewable electricity from the Bellevue-based utility, but they’ll be able to track their kilowatt consumption back to specific wind farms or solar installations. “They wanted something that was cost-effective. They also wanted to be able to point to a new solar farm, or a new wind farm, and say, ‘That was built because of our commitment,’ ” said Tom MacLean, manager of customer renewable energy programs for Puget Sound Energy, which serves about 1.1 million electric customers. Outdoor retailer REI, which has 11 Washington stores, was among the first utility customers to approach Puget Sound Energy, MacLean said. The utility has also heard from Target, Wal-Mart and other members of the Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance, which formed with the help of the World Wildlife Fund and World Resources Institute to assist large corporations with affordable ways to reduce their carbon footprint. More than 60 companies are part of the alliance, representing hundreds of megawatts of new demand for renewable energy, according to World Resources Institute, a Washington, D.C.-based group. Like other Northwest utilities, Puget Sound Energy gets part of its electricity from hydropower dams and wind generation, MacLean said. But the utility also has coal- and natural gas-fired electric plants. Initially, Puget Sound Energy will limit the program to 75 megawatts of electricity. That represents the average output of two large wind farms, MacLean said. A large grocery store uses about one-half of a megawatt of electricity, so a company with 10 stores would require about 5 megawatts, he said. The Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission approved the program in late September. State oversight helps ensure that program costs don’t get shifted onto other utility customers, said Jeremy Twitchell, the UTC’s energy policy adviser. Puget Sound Energy is starting to market the new program to prospective customers, including local and state governments. But since the construction of new wind farms is required, the program’s roll-out is about two years away, MacLean said. Participating companies will sign 10- to 20-year contracts for the all-renewable energy, which helps give them price certainty, he said. Avista Corp. is also assessing customers’ interest in renewable energy, said Mary Tyrie, a company spokeswoman. About 1 percent of the Spokane-based utility’s electric customers participate in the Buck A Block program. Customers who opt in pay an extra $1 for 300 kilowatt blocks of electricity. Avista uses the extra money to purchase renewable energy credits, primarily from wind farms, said Chris Drake, Avista’s energy efficiency manager. The credits offset electricity in Avista’s portfolio generated from burning fossil fuels. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Opinion Corruption Recap: The First Half of WikiLeaks’ Podesta Emails The Clinton campaign, the DNC, and the mainstream media are all implicated in the first 25,000 of Podesta's emails—with that many still to come By Michael Sainato • 10/24/16 8:30am Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Chairman John Podesta (L) looks on prior to the start of the Presidential Debate at Hofstra University on September 26, 2016 in Hempstead, New York. Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images On October 21, WikiLeaks released another batch of emails from Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, making this 25,000 out of the 50,000 emails they claim to have obtained. Here are the most revealing emails included in the first half of the Podesta releases. Clinton’s Goldman Sachs talks, and excerpts from other highly-paid transcripts, which the campaign refused to release during the primaries, were included. The speeches exposed Clinton’s concern for the welfare of Goldman Sachs, Wal-Mart, and other dubious corporate entities. She claimed the financial industry should regulate itself, and dubbed the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill a took for politically pacifying the public. “You need both a public and a private position” on issues, she said in one speech, reaffirming suspicions that Clinton’s stances are primarily crafted to maximize political expediency. Several disturbing foreign policy ideas were suggested by Clinton throughout the speeches. Clinton confirmed a no-fly zone in Syria would kill a lot of civilians, and require boots on the ground. She reminisced about discussions with Chinese diplomats, in which she used imperialistic threats from claiming the U.S. could “ring China with missile defense,” to retorting that the United States has the right to rename the Pacific Ocean the American Sea if it feels like it. In a separate speech, Clinton denigrated environmentalists as losers who need to get a life, and affirmed her support for fracking. A memo attached to an email from April 2015, two months before Donald Trump announced his campaign publicly, cited Trump as a “Pied-Piper” candidate who the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee (DNC) would strategize to use the mainstream media to elevate. A separate April 2015 email outlines strategy to rig the debate schedule for the Democratic primaries in a way that will benefit Clinton the most. Current DNC interim chair Donna Brazile is implicated in the emails several times. In a 2014 interview with The Washington Post, Brazile confessed she would favor Clinton in the primaries despite her then-position as DNC vice chair, which in theory demands neutrality. In the Podesta emails, Brazile also tipped off the Clinton campaign to the exact wording of a difficult question to be asked at a CNN town hall the next day, forwarded info about a Sanders campaign outreach program to Clinton staff, and was actually cited as a surrogate for Clinton by staff members. Emails from 2008 reveal that President Barack Obama received advice from Citigroup Banker Michael Froman on who to include in his administration before he won the election. Froman was appointed U.S. Trade Representative by Obama. In May 2016, via a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request, emails released to the Huffington Post revealed that Froman spoke with Wall Street firms and lobbied to include certain provisions in the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement for the financial industry. The Clinton Foundation’s shady dealings were well-documented in Podesta’s emails. The COO of the foundation nearly committed suicide because of Bill Clinton’s behavior. Other staff members express their frustration in dealing with demands from Bill and Chelsea Clinton at the non-profit. Clinton aide Huma Abedin blamed Hillary Clinton for actions she refused to take responsibility for regarding a Clinton Foundation pay-to-play in a January  2015 email to Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook and Podesta.  In another email, the government of Qatar solicited a five minute meeting with Bill Clinton to present him a birthday check for $1 million. Qatar has given millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation, and subsequently received an over 1000 percent increase in weapons exports from the United States during Clinton’s service as secretary of state. Media collusion with the Clinton campaign was long suspected by Sanders supporters and Republicans, with several emails now confirming it. Though some emails are benign back and forth between reporters, several journalists and media outlets offered themselves to be used as propaganda tools to prop up the Clinton campaign agenda. A January email lists Guardian columnists Jessica Valenti and Sady Doyle, and MTV News correspondent Jamil Smith, among others, as individuals who attended a conference call to discuss “Bernie Backlash” with the Clinton campaign. The campaign saw “friendly” journalists as extensions of their campaign staff to be manipulated into supporting their agenda, rather than autonomous and relatively-objective journalists. The Clinton campaign planted stories in The New York Times, including a “heroine” article about a Clinton campaign volunteer who voted for Obama over her in 2008. A New York Times contributor and CNBC correspondent emails Podesta back and forth, desperately seeking his approval. [?] In July 2015, the Times’ Mark Leibovich offered the Clinton campaign a transcript of an interview he conducted with Clinton to edit and amend as they saw fit, which goes way beyond journalistically reasonable fact-checking. “We have has a very good relationship with Maggie Haberman of Politico over the last year,” noted one Clinton campaign staff email. Haberman moved to the Times shortly after the email, which praised her highly; “We have had her tee up stories for us before and have never been disappointed. While we should have a larger conversation in the near future about a broader strategy for reengaging the beat press that covers HRC, for this we think we can achieve our objective and do the most shaping by going to Maggie.” A January email shows the Times’ Jason Horowitz emailing Podesta, asking for his thoughts on the relationship between Obama and Bernie Sanders—which Podesta, off the record, says does not exist. If Horowitz wanted an objective opinion on the relationship between Obama and Sanders, he wouldn’t be soliciting it from the Clinton campaign. The Associated Press, Boston Globe, Business Insider, Univision, NBC, and other media outlets are implicated in the Podesta emails as well. The Clinton even campaign held an off the record party for the journalists in mainstream media who support their campaign. Contrary to Clinton cheerleaders who have amended their initial arguments that the WikiLeaks emails are fabricated, and are now trying to ignore them, the revelations from these leaks are concerning to the integrity of democracy in America. The emails from Podesta reveal a scripted, calculated, and Machiavellian campaign apparatus that circumvents legal loopholes, freedom of the press, and conflicts of interests in the service of Hillary Clinton’s political agenda. Clinton partisans can no longer claim that this election was fair, or that the press, or the DNC were unbiased, as they did throughout the Democratic Primaries to Bernie Sanders supporters who suspected the deck was stacked against them the whole time. Turns out the Sanders supporters were right. Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
null
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk John Geddes Scott Gilmore Jonathon Gatehouse Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Martin Patriquin Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 America’s perfect voters How do Americans really feel about the election? Ask the people of Ottawa County—they’re never wrong Nick Taylor-Vaisey October 24, 2016 Follow @TaylorVaisey Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   The winning football team in Port Clinton has brought hope to the town. (Photograph by Nick Iwanyshyn) Voters in northeastern Ohio’s Ottawa County live in what is, by all appearances, an unremarkable area of Midwestern farmland: long, flat country roads strewn with roadkill, corn fields to the horizon, and marinas and campgrounds along the Lake Erie shoreline. The Americans who call this place home largely don’t know it, but their little corner of the United States—only a stone’s throw from the Canadian border and right between Toledo and Cleveland—is the centre of American politics. Ottawa County has picked the winning presidential nominee in every election since 1964—that’s 13 in a row. Donald Trump’s campaign may be melting down, but in a swing state like Ohio where the Republican candidate enjoys grassroots support, the bellwether mystique still matters. Political observers outside the county “are trying to find any way they can to kind of read the tea leaves, or figure out where things are going, or how did we get here?” says Adrienne Hines, a bankruptcy lawyer and local chair of the Democratic Party. Her county was important enough in 2012 that Barack Obama’s campaign requested the local results as soon as they were tallied. Ottawa voters may mirror the nation, but the county as a whole doesn’t vote the same from one end to the other—not by a long shot. The aptly named Port Clinton, the county seat, has proven a reliably Democratic stronghold, and last voted in big numbers for a Republican candidate during Ronald Reagan’s run for re-election. Catawba Island, a wealthy township down the road that juts into Lake Erie and launches ferries to the debaucherous Put-In-Bay party spot, never votes Democrat. No single township within county is a perfect bellwether. Adrienne Hines, the county chair of the Democratic Party, serves up a pig roast before Port Clinton’s homecoming football game. (Photograph by Nick Iwanyshyn) But zoom in a bit further and you’ll find the Carroll township’s first precinct—almost 1,000 registered voters who do have a perfect run going back to ’64. The voters of Carroll 1 have split from the rest of the township (but not the county) three times since 1980, voting Republican each time when everyone else stuck with the Democrats. (Carroll 1’s streak, the only one in the county, may extend to 1960, but county elections board officials have misplaced that year’s precinct results. The local newspaper never published a detailed tally, so it’s impossible to know if Carroll 1 defied its neighbours and chose John F. Kennedy over Richard Nixon.) Trying to predict the precinct’s—or the county’s—choice in November may be foolish, even as Hillary Clinton appears to have gained a signiﬁcant edge. “Anyone who thinks they know what Ottawa County is going to do, I would beg to differ,” says Hines. “I would not have thought Ottawa County would have voted for Barack Obama in 2008. And we did.” A Democratic campaign volunteer in the Ottawa County party headquarters on Oct. 7. (Photograph by Nick Iwanyshyn) That year, Democrats convinced enough of what Hines calls “middle voters”—also known as independents and undecideds—to vote Obama, but it was no sure thing. “Our county has historically been rural farmers who aren’t real liberal, but have always identified themselves as Democrats,” she says. “I would say the more liberal the party becomes, the more difficult it is to keep those middle kind of people.” Hines worries that Trump’s “unique ability” to appeal to frustrated county residents could feed him precious votes. The primary elections earlier this year may offer some clues into Carroll 1’s preference. In the county, 7,893 voters turned out for the Republican primary—2,900 more than in 2012. Only 4,769 turned out for the Democratic contest, an increase of 514 over the last presidential cycle. (In Ohio, voters do not have to be associated with a party to vote in its primaries.) Part of that ballooning interest in the Republicans can be explained by a county-wide drive to vote for Ohio Gov. John Kasich over Trump, a movement that Bailey VanKirk, the owner of Desdemona’s Art Gallery in the village of Marblehead, witnessed as a poll worker. “I was the first face people saw, and people were super-vocal,” says VanKirk. “I had to ask red ballot or blue ballot, and people I’ve known as lifelong Dems. . . were voting Republican to vote for Kasich—because they hated Trump so much.” Most precincts reflected that influx of support for the moderate-by-comparison governor, and Kasich won the county. In always-right Carroll 1, however, more people turned out for the Republican primary than the Democratic race. But they bucked the county trend. In Carroll 1’s corner of the township, Trump beat Kasich, 101-65. Port Clinton is a quiet city on the lake with a population of 6,000. That’s slightly lower than the last census count in 2010, but doesn’t include the vacationing hordes who infiltrate the area in warm months and swell the population to six digits. The city’s median income is about $46,500, 15 per cent lower than the county and the rest of the country. Nineteen per cent of its residents have a bachelor’s degree, fewer than the county (21 per cent) and the country (29 per cent). Manufacturing jobs have dwindled over the years—from 3,800 in 1987 to 2,150 in 2012. There’s still a machining plant, a steel producer, an automotive glass manufacturer and a few other small operations, including a company that builds refrigerated cabinets. The small downtown strip is now a sleepy collection of bars and gift shops punctuated by the Island House Hotel, a former staple of ball players travelling between Cleveland and Detroit—and one of only two year-round hotels in town. A Wal-Mart supercentre looms on the outskirts. Port Clinton High School’s newest homecoming royalty, Abbey Weldon (l) and Joey Brenner, mug for the cameras. (Photograph by Nick Iwanyshyn) The surrounding county is troubled as well, as are so many others to the east, west and south. “The changing dynamics of this county, and the growing pains it’s going through, trying to reinvent itself, is frustrating a lot of people who’ve always known it to be one way, and scary for people who don’t really know what the next day is going to bring them,” says Democrat Adrienne Hines. Out in Carroll township, a 20-minute drive from Democratic HQ in Port Clinton, Pam Merkle minds her sister’s fruit stand across the street from the Davis–Besse Nuclear Power Station and its stark, bell-shaped reactor. Life got more difficult when Merkle’s husband, the household’s primary breadwinner, died a few years back. “Right now, I’m three months behind on my mobile home, and it’s a stupid small payment and I can’t even make it. It’s sad,” says Merkle. “I have back issues and leg issues very bad, and if it wouldn’t be for my sister helping me, I wouldn’t even have a little bit of food.” Asked what help she needs from government, Merkle was blunt: “Survival. Money.” She’s not alone: according to 2014 data, nearly one-third of Bay township, which borders Port Clinton, lives in poverty—and the same is true of one-fifth of neighbouring Portage township’s residents. Port Clinton has its own struggles as it contracts for the cold months. “A lot of people get laid off by the ferries, or restaurants, or stores and everything kind of shrinks in,” says Hines. But the place still strives for the American dream. The local high school football team, the Redskins, is undefeated for the first time since anybody can remember. (Records indicate the last time the team won every game of the season was 1960, the same year the county voted out of sync with the nation and picked Nixon over Kennedy). Downtown windows are filled with colourful boasts and handwritten spirit—“PC Pride!” and “Let’s go ’Skins!”—and streetlamps carry banners lionizing the team’s current stars. 22 view slideshow Photos Scenes from Ottawa County, Ohio. Before a homecoming game on Oct. 7, dozens of locals gathered at the Fullbackers booster club for a pig roast and tailgate—Hines and her husband brought the pig—just down the street from Tru-Lay Stadium. Among the sea of red-shirted fans stood Tom Weldon and Joe Brenner, two of the original boosters who opened the club and fundraised aggressively for a massive stadium overhaul that’s since energized the football program. Weldon, who predicted his daughter would win homecoming queen that evening and held her corsage in one hand, had a beer in the other and pointed a spare finger at fellow boosters mingling in the crowd. He hauled over Brenner, a local businessman credited locally as a money-raising dynamo who happily recounted the tale of the resurgent Redskins. A few minutes later, under the Friday night lights so familiar to middle America and with a 130-strong marching band playing its heart out, Abbey Weldon and star quarterback Joey Brenner, Jr. were crowned homecoming royalty. Weldon, who accompanied his daughter during the ceremony, beamed widely. On this night, in this place that’s always so in tune with the American political mood, nobody wanted to talk about the election. Ottawa County is rife with yard signs, the vast majority of them concerned with local races. Trump and Clinton signs are by no means a rarity, but the sense that neither of them deserves a vote is never far away. For proof, walk no further than the mayor’s office in the village of Oak Harbor, where distillery owner Joe Helle is serving his first term—having previously served with the military in Iraq and Afghanistan. Helle’s concern is his village, and he sees none of the people around him reflected in the race for the White House. “Everywhere you go, if you talk about the election, it’s going to be Trump versus Clinton, no holds barred,” he says. “I think that does a disservice to the community.” Oak Harbor Mayor Joe Helle mows the lawns at city parks himself. ‘I probably won’t vote,’ he says. (Photograph by Nick Iwanyshyn) Oak Harbor is so strapped for cash that its parks have no staff. “As a kid, I didn’t have the best life, so the parks were my escape,” says Helle. Before he was mayor, he mowed the grass himself and “bought a zero-turn lawnmower just to do it.” Most of the mayor’s gripes are with the state house in Columbus, but he says Clinton and Trump—who have visited northern Ohio again and again—should be “making campaign promises to clean up Lake Erie,” which he calls “one of the biggest resources in this country.” For political inspiration, Helle looks north. He’s no stranger to Canada, having encountered Canadians occasionally during his years in Afghanistan. These days, he crosses the border into Windsor, Ont., when he wants a good meal. “I go up to Mezzo’s all the time for pasta, and the guys at the border are like, ‘You’re here just for pasta?’ and I say, ‘Hey, it’s good pasta.’ ” He’s found someone to admire in Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, whom he calls a “visionary” with the sort of courage to march in Pride parades that few American politicians could muster. Helle, an “open and admitted” Democrat, sees no real choice for president. “I don’t even know who I’m voting for. I probably won’t vote for any presidential candidate,” he says. A few minutes’ drive north from Helle’s office, Bricelene Bryant minds her antique shop, a year-old work-in-progress that consumes a barn beside her house. Bryant, who voted for George W. Bush and is “mostly Republican,” lives in Carroll 1 and would vote—if she did vote—at the town hall up the highway. She has her mind made up about the election, and it’s a familiar refrain. “I’m sittin’ out. Because it doesn’t matter,” she says. “We have no candidate this year. It’s sad to say.” The mood was different over on Oak Harbor’s main drag, where the annual Apple Festival was filled with political chatter. At the Republican tent, the buzz was all about Trump’s latest crisis: the 2005 audiotape in which the candidate bragged about grabbing women by the genitals; the apology that followed; and the denial of his own words during a town-hall debate two days later. Supporters grabbed Trump-Pence signs and T-shirts, and mocked the Democrats across the street. Carolyn Adams, the county Republican chair, was trying to ignore the hubbub. She predicts the “winds of change” are blowing, and forecasts a “tremendous shift” in the county that twice offered its blessing to Obama. Any mention of Clinton invites derision. “I . . . oh my God . . . I’m appalled by her,” says Adams. “I’m appalled by the lying.” Conversations were humming around her tent. “At least he can apologize, and she can’t even admit the things she does,” spat one voter. Adams reflected on the festival unfolding around her, which had begun earlier in the day with the reigning Miss Ohio belting out the national anthem. “You come into a county like this, and people yearn for a quieter time,” says Adams. “It’s like stepping back in time.” If the people of Carroll 1 truly are their nation’s bellwether, the place to be on Election Day is the voting station at the town hall on West Toussaint East Road. At a public meeting in the same building in early October (which opened with a characteristically spirited Pledge of Allegiance), residents decided what to do with the light bar off an old police cruiser and how to pay for veterans’ wreaths at the township’s cemeteries. They spoke not a word about the impending election, and demurred when asked about it by a reporter. Merkle, at the fruit stand, would vote in Carroll 1. She leans Hillary Clinton, and voted for Bill Clinton the last time she went to the polls, but ultimately “wouldn’t want either one” of this year’s candidates in the White House. It’s not Clinton and Trump’s lack of appeal that’s keeping Merkle at home on Nov. 8. She refuses to register because she wants to avoid sitting on a jury. It used to be that the Ottawa County courthouse would draw its jurors solely from voter rolls, and Merkle doesn’t trust her own moral judgment enough to do that particular civic duty. “I will not walk around the rest of my life wondering if I sent somebody to prison that was innocent,” she says. “It would get the best of me. It would make me sick.” Merkle’s view was common enough that it’s now outdated. Earlier this year, the county changed its eligibility rules for jurors, and now any resident with a driver’s licence or state identification card could end up in the jury box. Merkle may be in for a rude surprise in the not-too-distant future. Same goes for many of her non-voting neighbours. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: 2016 U.S. election Donald Trump Editor's Picks Hillary Clinton longreads Ohio Ottawa County Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous What will Donald Trump do for the ‘lock her up’ crowd? Next Frederick Banting on Canada’s incredible contributions to research Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories How the Democrats' plan to win without whites went so wrong Hillary Clinton's big problem What will Donald Trump do for the 'lock her up' crowd? Pollsters add up their misses in 2016 U.S. election What happens when the walls go up? Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   University Rankings 2017 3 comments How political satire let Americans down in the U.S. election 10 comments Stephen Bannon, far-right outsider, becomes White House insider 4 comments 2017 Program Rankings 3 comments PM hopes to attract billions in private capital for infrastructure 5 comments Hillary Clinton’s big problem 28 comments University rankings Canada 2017: Comprehensive 3 comments Canada’s race problem? It’s even worse than America’s. 172 comments University rankings Canada 2017: Primarily undergraduate 1 comment Students’ Favourite Schools: Maclean’s 2017 rankings Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service

Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Automotive Aftermarket Fuel Additives Market Worth 1,387.0 Million USD by 2021 24.10.2016 | 13:31 (13 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Automotive Aftermarket Fuel Additives Market Worth 1,387.0 Million USD by 2021 PUNE, India, October 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The report"Automotive Aftermarket Fuel Additives Marketby Application (Gasoline, Diesel), Distribution Channel (Big Stores, 4S Stores, Unauthorized Centers, Gas Stations, and so on), Supply Mode - Global Forecast to 2021", published by MarketsandMarkets, the market is estimated to grow from USD 919.6 Million in 2015 to USD 1,387.0 Million by 2021, at a CAGR of 7.15%, in terms of value. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 32 market data Tables and 56 Figures spread through 132 Pages and in-depth TOC on"Automotive Aftermarket Fuel Additives Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/automotive-aftermarket-fuel-additives-market-202714946.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. The market is driven by the rise in stringent environmental regulations for vehicular emissions and the increase in the sale of automotive. Deposit control additives type accounted for the highest demand in the automotive aftermarket fuel additives market The deposit control additives segment has been witnessing significant demand in recent years due to the several advantages it offers when added to fuel. Improper fuel combustion leads to the increase in emissions and a decrease in the fuel economy of the engine. The diesel flow is choked due to the deposits that build up in the injector nozzle holes. These deposits affect fuel delivery to the engine, thereby impacting combustion, emission and fuel economy. This segment accounted for the largest market share, in terms of value, in 2015. E-commerce, 4S stores and big stores are preferred channels of distribution The end-users of these automotive aftermarket fuel additives are the automotive vehicle owners. 4S stores (sale, spare parts, survey and service) and big stores such as Wal-Mart are the most preferred distribution channels for automotive aftermarket fuel additives products. E-commerce is also gaining wide acceptance for the same due to internet penetration among the customers. Make an Inquiry @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=202714946 North America is the largest market for automotive aftermarket fuel additives North America has, conventionally, always been a strong market for fuel additives. Due to stringent environmental regulations, this industry is experiencing significant growth. The North American market is highly regulated with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), playing a key role in commercializing and monitoring the automotive aftermarket fuel additives products. The key players in the Automotive Aftermarket Fuel Additives Market are Afton Chemical Corporation (U.S.), Chevron Oronite Company LLC. (U.S.), Total S.A. (France), BASF SE (Germany), Lucas Oil Products, Inc. (U.S.), Ashland Inc. (U.S.), BG Products, Inc. (U.S.), Lubrizol Corporation (U.S.), and Infineum International Ltd. (U.K.). Browse Related Reports: Fuel Additives Market by Application (Diesel, Gasoline, Aviation & Others), by Type (Deposit Control, Antioxidant, Corrosion, Inhibitor, Lubricity & CETANE Improvers & Others) and by Regions - Global Trends & Forecasts to 2020 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/fuel-additives-market-723.html Subscribe Reports from Chemicals & Materials Domain: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr.Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/chemical Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Follow @triplepundit 45.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Events Companies Vs Climate Change This event is intended for any professional at any company who is involved in the process of decreasing their company’s carbon footprint and is part of the effort to solve climate change. Ask about 3p discounts! register now Nov 30-Dec 2, Ft. Lauderdale Twitter Chat: #ForcedFashion with C&A Foundation Join C&A Foundation on December 5th where we’ll be looking at forced labor – an issue that still plagues supply chains around the world. register now Dec 5 on Twitter Twitter Chat: Waste Reduction with the Experts at Yum! Brands #YumCSR Join Yum! Brands to discuss how one of the world’s largest restaurant companies is focused on waste reduction in its stores and in the larger restaurant industry. register now Nov 17 on Twitter More Events… Close Special Series Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Sustainable Innovation In this series, we’ll explore what innovation means when it comes to product engineering. Sometimes a great idea can take decades to turn into a reality, and that’s a good thing. Sponsored by United Technologies Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health How Cotton Goes Beyond Fabric, Sustainably In this series we’ll explore the lesser-known uses of the versatile cotton plant, insights into its environmental impact, and its complex supply chain which extends from around the world to the couch you might be sitting on right now. Sponsored by Cotton Incorporated Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 25% OFF: Companies Vs Climate Change Conference discount code "P100COM". Register here. ‘Green Giants’ Prove That Sustainability Sells by Bill Roth on Monday, Oct 24th, 2016 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) “Green Giants” author Freya Williams and Triple Pundit contributor Bill Roth at Sustainable Brands 2016. Our 21st-century economy is being reshaped by consumers searching for “in me, on me and around me” products — solutions that make daily life more sustainable. Fast food restaurants like McDonald’s are confronting stagnant revenues as consumers search for foods that deliver on taste, price and health. A recent Gallup poll found that 73 percent of Americans want a strong emphasis on renewable energy.  In fact, solar now represents over 50 percent of new power generating capacity in the U.S. As the millennial generation comes of age, they are placing an increased emphasis on corporate social responsibility in deciding what to buy and who to work for. The cumulative impact of these mega trends is a multitrillion-dollar global Green Economic Revolution driving the emergence of a new generation of green companies. These companies are using innovations in clean tech, organic agriculture, artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things to deliver products that align value with values. Think autonomous cars, net zero energy buildings, and farm-to-fork restaurants as examples of how sustainability innovation is reshaping our economy, the environment and individual businesses. The question is: How does your business harvest this growth opportunity? Freya Williams, CEO of Futerra North America, addresses this question in her new book, “Green Giants.” Her book profiles nine companies with green products that achieve $1 billion or more in annual sales.  The result is a compelling set of business cases that prove sustainability sells. Green giants prove sustainability sells Winning customers and growing sales is the bottom-line business case for sustainability. Numerous companies are already taking advantage of this strategy. Target: Target’s Made to Matter line encompasses approximately 100 products in food, baby, beauty and household categories. These products are defined by their reduced waste and packaging, lack  of additives or harsh chemicals, and reduced sugar and other dietary criteria. In 2015 the Made to Matter product line achieved $1 billion in annual sales with 30 percent sales growth. Toyota and Tesla: Toyota is on track to globally sell 1.4 million hybrid cars in 2016. This represents 17 percent annual sales growth. Tesla Motors announced the 2017 launch of an all-electric car selling for $35,000 before tax incentives with a 200-mile range on a full charge. And the company has received $10 billion in pre-orders. Costco: Costco is now America’s largest organic grocer. Its Kirkland Organics brand achieved $4 billion in 2015 sales. Walmart: Walmart deployed a Sustainability Index to qualify vendors and products. A company that scores No. 1 on this index within its product category, or a minimum 80/100 score, qualifies as a Sustainability Leader. The sales of Sustainability Leader products exceeded $1.5 billion in 2015. Williams notes that these companies are not green unicorns. Mirroring ‘green giant’ best practices is a new generation of companies like Patagonia, Method and Warby Parker that are rapidly growing toward $1 billion in annual green revenues. Green giant sales success is also having a “pivoting” impact on competing companies. To remain relevant, a number of these green giants’ competitors are adopting green business best practices as well. As Williams summarizes, the business case for sustainability is that green sells. And the proof is in the growing number of companies succeeding at winning customers and growing revenues with green products. How to sell a billion dollars in green products? Based on the evidence, the obvious question is how to align your company with the Green Economic Revolution. A related question is: Can the best practices used by green giants to grow revenues be applied to your business? That will be the focus of the second part of this three-part article series. The third part of this article series will profile one of my favorite companies and CEOs. Clif Bar, and its CEO Kevin Cleary, are best-in-class leaders in using sustainability best practices to grow business results. The third article in the series will profile the company’s latest innovations, which are achieving 17 percent annual growth. Image courtesy of the author  Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6188 articles in this category: How to Beat the Engagement Crisis With Internal Crowdsourcing Top Cities for Sustainability Jobs Volcom’s Sustainability Initiative Turns Fishing Nets into Bikinis Founder of Earth 2017. Author of The Boomer Generation Diet: Lose Weight. Have Fun. Live More that Jen Boynton, Editor in Chief of Triple Pundit , says is "Written in Bill Roth's lovable, relatable tone. A must read for any Boomer who is looking to jumpstart their health and have fun at the same time. I hope my parents read it. " Follow Bill Roth @earth2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2016 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null

Live BroadcastWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Foggy Day School Schedules Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS 2016 Election Results Full Story Email share share tweet email CONSUMER WATCH Living in a cashless society Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc30.com/video/embed/?pid=1569840" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Cash is king, right? But check your pockets. Almost half of us walk around with less than $20. (KFSN) KFSN By Margot Kim Sunday, October 23, 2016 FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- Cash is king, right? But check your pockets. Almost half of us walk around with less than $20. And with so many other ways to pay, including credit and debit cards, new technologies are pushing us to abandon paper money entirely. You could already be helping to make cash obsolete if you're using one of the 37-million electronic toll tags on the road. Maybe you're using a mobile wallet like Apple Pay, Android Pay, PayPal or Samsung Pay or a person-to- person payment system via Square, Popmoney, Facebook Payments in Messenger, or Venmo to pay friends in a snap. Branded apps from companies like Starbucks, Walmart, Uber and Dunkin' Donuts make it simple for you to pay, while building customer loyalty for the merchants. But experts at Consumer Reports say there are potential down sides. Mobile payments can generate a mountain of digital data that can tell lots about us that we may not want people to know. And the digitalization of dollars creates an irresistible target for cybercriminals. So consider connecting any technology to a credit card rather than your bank account. You might incur some fees, but you'll get the same protections as if you used the credit card itself, which means cashless convenience may be more secure than you think. In the future, you may be getting rid of more than just your wallet. One day, you may not even need your phone. New, cashless technologies on the horizon will let you make payments with just a fingerprint. And, an app is in the works that will let you scan merchandise and pay for your purchases as you walk through the store- without ever going to a cash register. Related Topics: shoppingconsumer watch Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 KFSN-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. CONSUMER WATCH Is your kid eating too much sugar? Getting the cheapest airfare Compact Washers and Dryers Most & least reliable cars New smoke alarms required More consumer watch SHOPPING Is your kid eating too much sugar? Tips to survive, even conquer, Black Friday Getting the cheapest airfare Deer jumps through store window after getting stuck Which stores will be open, which will stay closed this Thanksgiving? More Shopping Top Stories Clovis High student who died in hiking accident with dad remembered as adventurous Clovis police hunting for suspects after 20 car break-ins reported in four days Jury finds Christopher Cheary guilty of murdering 3-year-old Exeter girl GOP Lawmakers Struggle to Respond as Democrats Denounce Bannon Hire Community mourns murder of Stanislaus County deputy Trial witness describes moments leading to deadly Tower District stabbing Man and woman shot dead in Avenal, police still searching for suspect Show More Fresno city leaders mixed on how to resolve "slum housing" problem Fresno tech firm makes $5 million acquisition Stanislaus County deputy was 'executed' by suspect, authorities say Fresno Unified expanding program that gives high school students an edge in college Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death More News Top Video Tips to survive, even conquer, Thanksgiving Holiday gift giving tips Made in the Valley: Plato Pet Treats Clovis police hunting for suspects after 20 car break-ins reported in four days More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories Video Photos U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno
Home About Contact Write for Us Television Celebrities Music Videos Movies Home About Contact Write for Us Television Celebrities Music Videos Movies Home 90 Day Fiance Dance Moms Dancing with the Stars Netflix Project Runway Survivor The Voice This Is Us Other Shows ABC’s Secrets and Lies Amazing Race American Horror Story American Idol America’s Got Talent ANTM Arranged on FYI Arrow Awkward on MTV Bachelor in Paradise Big Brother Biggest Loser Castle Celebrity Apprentice Code Black Downton Abbey Face Off Food Network Star Girlfriends’ Guide to Divorce Girls Grey’s Anatomy HAHN Hell’s Kitchen How To Get Away With Murder Last Comic Lip Sync Battle Marriage Boot Camp Married At First Sight MasterChef MasterChef Junior Mob Wives Once Upon A Time Pretty Little Liars Real Housewives Real World Revenge Rookie Blue Scandal Shahs of Sunset Shooter Southern Charm Switched at Birth SYTYCD The Bachelor The Bachelorette The Blacklist The Challenge The Originals The Vampire Diaries Top Chef Menu Home 90 Day Fiance Dance Moms Dancing with the Stars Netflix Project Runway Survivor The Voice This Is Us Other Shows ABC’s Secrets and Lies Amazing Race American Horror Story American Idol America’s Got Talent ANTM Arranged on FYI Arrow Awkward on MTV Bachelor in Paradise Big Brother Biggest Loser Castle Celebrity Apprentice Code Black Downton Abbey Face Off Food Network Star Girlfriends’ Guide to Divorce Girls Grey’s Anatomy HAHN Hell’s Kitchen How To Get Away With Murder Last Comic Lip Sync Battle Marriage Boot Camp Married At First Sight MasterChef MasterChef Junior Mob Wives Once Upon A Time Pretty Little Liars Real Housewives Real World Revenge Rookie Blue Scandal Shahs of Sunset Shooter Southern Charm Switched at Birth SYTYCD The Bachelor The Bachelorette The Blacklist The Challenge The Originals The Vampire Diaries Top Chef Latest Survivor 2016 Spoilers: Week 9 – Adam, Watch Out! (VIDEO) Code Black Season 2 Spoilers: Episode 7 Sneak Peek (VIDEO) The Voice 2016 Predictions: Voice Top 12 – Who Makes Voice Top 11? Gilmore Girls Revival – What Would It Cost To Live In Stars Hollow? The Voice 2016 Spoilers: Voice Top 12 Best Performances (VIDEO) Dancing with the Stars 2016: Best Performances – Semifinals (VIDEO) Last Week In Late Night: David Blaine’s ‘Toadally’ Awesome Trick The Voice 2016: Voice Top 12 – We McDonald Performance (VIDEO) Who Got Voted Off Dancing with the Stars 2016 Last Night? Week 10 Dancing with the Stars 2016: Week 10 – Laurie and Val Performances (VIDEO) Home Featured 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? Recap: Week 7 – Danielle, Can I Slap You? 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? Recap: Week 7 – Danielle, Can I Slap You? Posted By: Todd Betzoldon: October 24, 2016In: Featured, Television1 Comment It seems like Danielle on 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? needs 24-7 supervision, as when she is left alone is when she makes stupid decisions! She gets wrapped up in Mohamed makes a stupid choice and that is definitely what happened tonight on 90 Day Fiance Happily Ever After! Check out the details from the couples tonight in our 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? Recap below! Last week on 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After, Mohamed was back in Ohio and met with Danielle in hopes of getting the annulment changed to a divorce. He clearly wants out, but she clearly wanted the annulment idea to scare him back into her arms. He is an ass, but she is a dumbass. Melanie met Devar’s other sisters for the first time and they had a big house and now Melanie wants them to take care of their younger sister and not her. Loren & Alexei are getting ready for their wedding in Israel, but it turns out none of Alexei’s friends are coming to the wedding since he moved away and seemed to cut them all off. Brett & Daya went to dinner with his mom and stepdad, who he clearly doesn’t like. The stepdad made some comments about Daya and Brett was over it and called him out on it and they left. Clearly we see where his mom is getting her negative thoughts on Daya from. Check out a recap of the couples from tonight on 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? here: Danielle & Mohamed – We start with Danielle and Mohamed meeting with Mohamed’s friend from Walmart, who happens to have done marriage counseling in the past? Anyway, they gang up on Danielle and tell her to pull the annulment and file for a divorce. She leaves crying. The next day, Mohamed calls and Danielle agrees to file for divorce to just move on and hopefully still have Mohamed in her life as a friend (and you know she hopes this would develop into more). She did not tell anyone she was doing this, went to the courthouse and did it and now she is screwed. He met with her the next day to say goodbye and was leaving Ohio, as she cried again. However, we did learn that she did not file for divorce either, so maybe that annulment is still in the future??? Russ & Paola – She is back in Oklahoma and riding high on her Miami trip and time with the photographer. Things get tense, as they talk about his possible job in Seattle and her wanting to move to Miami. He would consider it if she had a real job offer and not wanting to go pursue a dream, so she got pissed and hid in their room. Melanie & Devar – They were not shown tonight on 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? Loren & Alexei – They went out with some of Alexei’s friends and it turned into them saying that he just up and left and has not been in contact with them. They are not happy with Alexei and say he will just do it again after the wedding, so why go to it? To relieve some stress, Alexei, Loren and her parents travel to The Northern Wall, the holiest place on earth, to do some praying. To be honest, it almost made me feel more cleansed watching it! Brett & Daya – They were not shown tonight on 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? Kyle & Noon – Since Noon wants to move to Thailand to be with her sick father, they checked with an immigration attorney and found out that Noon would have six months to be in Thailand and then lose her green card. Noon said they might stay longer and would be okay with losing it, but Kyle definitely would rather her wait it out and get her citizenship and then she is free to travel wherever, but she does not want to wait to see her father. What did you think of the couples tonight on 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? Join us next week on Gossip & Gab for our 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After? Recap. Let’s watch together as the drama continues on 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After?! Bookmark us or friend us on Facebook, Twitter and Google Plus for all our latest updates. Want to see more from Editor-in-Chief Todd Betzold? Follow along with him over on Twitter! Share this: Facebook Twitter Tumblr Google Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email 1 of 1 Tags: 90 day fiance90 day fiance 201690 day fiance after the 90 days week 790 day fiance happily ever after90 day fiance happily ever after week 790 day fiance on tlc90 day fiance recaps90 day fiance spoilersafter the 90 daysentertainmentNewsreality tvspoilerstelevisiontlc 90 day fiance Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 1 Previous Secrets and Lies Season 2 Recap: The Detective – Eric Is Blindsided! Next Netflix November 2016: It’s All About The Gilmore Girls Revival About the author Todd Betzold I graduated from Central Michigan University with a Bachelors of Science in Journalism and Broadcasting with hopes of having my own radio talk show...my dreams can still come true! In the meantime, I work in my pajamas and love anything and everything about reality television (well, except the Kardsahians, but I don't think I am alone on that one). You can find me on here doing recaps, predictions and spoilers and just about everything else! Related Articles Survivor 2016 Spoilers: Week 9 – Adam, Watch Out! (VIDEO) November 15, 2016 Code Black Season 2 Spoilers: Episode 7 Sneak Peek (VIDEO) November 15, 2016 Gilmore Girls Revival – What Would It Cost To Live In Stars Hollow? November 15, 2016 Ernest Danielle is obsessed with Mohammed and not in love with him. How can you be in love with someone who does not want to be with you and especially if you know the truth? Categories Celebrities Featured Movies Music News Television Videos Recent Comments Mary on 15 Nov in: The Walking Dead Season 7 Recap: Episode 3 - The Cell I'm so glad it is working out for you Todd, I truly am. I guess becau ... ToddBetzold on 15 Nov in: The Walking Dead Season 7 Recap: Episode 3 - The Cell Mary, The writer was not getting great views on The Walking Dead, so ... Mary on 15 Nov in: The Walking Dead Season 7 Recap: Episode 3 - The Cell Gossip & Gab, I guess, probably due to lack of people commenting h ... Dead Dog on 14 Nov in: Netflix's The Crown Will Replace Claire Foy and Matt Smith After Season 2 They can replace the whole show. lol ... Mary on 14 Nov in: The Walking Dead Season 7 Recap: Episode 3 - The Cell CRAP! Another night chock full of commercials. Not impressed AMC, it ... Blogroll Big Big Brother Big Brother Access Big Brother Fans Blog Reality Rewind Like Us On Facebook! Recent Posts Quick Links Home About Contact Write for Us Television Celebrities Music Videos Movies Categories Celebrities Featured Movies Music News Television Videos Categories Celebrities Featured Movies Music News Television Videos Recent Comments Mary on 15 Nov in: The Walking Dead Season 7 Recap: Episode 3 - The Cell I'm so glad it is working out for you Todd, I truly am. I guess becau ... ToddBetzold on 15 Nov in: The Walking Dead Season 7 Recap: Episode 3 - The Cell Mary, The writer was not getting great views on The Walking Dead, so ... Recent Posts Survivor 2016 Spoilers: Week 9 – Adam, Watch Out! (VIDEO) Code Black Season 2 Spoilers: Episode 7 Sneak Peek (VIDEO) The Voice 2016 Predictions: Voice Top 12 – Who Makes Voice Top 11? Gilmore Girls Revival – What Would It Cost To Live In Stars Hollow? 2016 Copyright BGT Media, LLC. All Rights reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Film Columns What ‘American Honey’ Catches (Beautifully) About the Kids: They’re Not All Right Owen Gleiberman Chief Film Critic @OwenGleiberman 1 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr October 23, 2016 | 08:08PM PT “American Honey” is a movie that takes the temperature of youth culture in a way that no movie has in years. It tells a good story, about a girl named Star (Sasha Lane), 18 years old, with Rasta Barbie braids and a skeptical smirk, who joins a wolfpack of kids in their late teens and early twenties who live on the road, traveling from one cookie-cutter motel to the next, making money by hustling magazine subscriptions door-to-door. They don’t sell their bodies, but in a way they do: Most of them are striking-looking in a trashed-runaway vagabond skate-punk way, and they use their pierced-and-tattooed street charisma to evoke pity and awe. They flirt and charm their way into selling a product that no one really wants. Andrea Arnold, the British filmmaker who became a critics’ darling with movies like “Fish Tank” and “Wuthering Heights,” has directed “American Honey” in a style that might be described as hip-hop Dardenne brothers. The film looks like a revved-up documentary, with swirling handheld camera that gets in the characters’ faces and trails them on their breathless odyssey to nowhere. But the movie also has an incredible groove. In a parking lot, Star catches the eye of Jake (Shia LaBeouf), a bearded glamour-puss who’s like a cocky, rat-tailed James Dean, and moments later, when she follows him into a Wal-Mart, and Jake and the other kids break into dance moves near the checkout counter to the synth-throb of Rihanna and Calvin Harris’ “We Found Love” (it’s blaring over the store’s speaker system), and Jake jumps up on the counter, which is enough to get a cashier to call security, the scene looks like a pop-renegade epiphany to place alongside every movie from “Jailhouse Rock” to “8 Mile.” Except that there’s something off about this picture. Arnold works in an “objective” mode that’s like a double-edged razor. You watch this scene thinking that the kids do look pretty cool, and that “We Found Love” sounds even more orgasmic than it did when it ruled the radio five years ago. For a moment, you’re high on the moment. Yet you also can’t help but notice that this dance explosion in the chain store has a frayed recklessness about it. Star is attracted to Jake, but really, what is she being lured into? It looks a lot like the scraggly last stand of teen rebellion. What’s wrong with the kids today? That’s a question that adults have been asking ever since the teenager was invented as a stand-alone demographic entity, sometime in the early ’40s. The question tends to make the person posing it sound like a crank. For decades, teen rebellion has been the cutting edge of sexual revolution (how to dress, dance, hook up), and who wants to take a stand against that? A long time ago, teenagers were seen as delinquent destroyers of the status quo, but we now tend to assume that they’re simply leading the way. Yet when you see “American Honey,” you may feel that teenage rebellion, for the first time, has gone about as far as it can go — that it’s reached a point where it’s consuming itself. There’s a certain mythology that has coalesced around the Millennials, and that mythology says: The Millennials are a terrific generation, sympathetic and enlightened, free of so many of the prejudices about race, gender, and sexuality that have hindered those older than they are. They have great taste in pop culture, and guess what? They’re pretty damn nice. Overall, I wouldn’t disagree with that assessment. Yet it tells only half the story of “the kids” today. For there’s a competing energy out there (seen more in those who have less), one that’s brilliantly evoked by “American Honey.” The movie is about a girl trying to escape a world of no hope, but she does it by joining a group of outsiders who can’t connect with anyone outside themselves. The film’s allure is that it’s not just a story, it’s an immersion, a verité rhapsody about the live pulse of kids in the age of corporate nihilism. The movie is a bulletin — seductive, alarmed, fascinated — told from the inside. It’s the least moralistic youth movie imaginable, and that’s exactly why it’s such a potent warning. The warning should speak to all of us, because it’s not about the perils of too much sex and drugs and heavy-beat rap & roll, though those things are connected to it. The movie is a warning about the destruction of empathy. The characters in “American Honey” have cut themselves loose from their parents (the implication is that they probably had good reason to — i.e., they came from abusive households), and because they make cash with their magazine semi-scam, the result is that they’re “free.” Or, as one of their favorite lyrics puts it: “I make my own money, so I spend it how I like,/I’m just living’ life,/And let my mama tell it, nigga,/I ain’t living right.” They’re free to fight, and smoke dope, and laugh like demons, and jump around naked in front of the campfire, and give each other the hugs they never got. They’re free to be — to do nothing in the world, really, but exist. In one of the best scenes, Jake and Star knock on the door of a lovely home in Kansas City (one of the film’s tacit observations is that a major swath of America is now a lavish pastoral suburban paradise — not the one percent, but the Middle American five percent). Jake does his magazine spiel, which involves reeling off a dozen lies with the speed of an unflappable executive. (Hustling, it turns out, really is harder than making an honest living.) After a few minutes, the polite Christian lady they’re trying to sell eases them out the door as if they were invaders from a distant planet, but not before berating her own sweet-faced daughter, whose dance moves in the backyard look as liberated from respectability as anything the movie has shown us. The girl appears to be about 15, but we can see she’s already halfway out the door to Spring Break. The spirit channeled by “American Honey” isn’t limited to no-future runaways. It’s the virus of freedom without a dream. “Dream” turns out to be the movie’s spirit word, echoed in Bruce Springsteen‘s haunting cover of Suicide’s “Dream Baby Dream,” which Bruce turns into a desperate sequel to “Dancing in the Dark” — a plea to his lover that if they have the faith to dream a life, then maybe that life can come true. Star has a dream too, of sorts: She fantasizes that she can be with Jake, that they’ll move to a shack somewhere and have lots of kids. But it’s heartbreaking, because even though there’s an element of grown-up desire to that scenario, the way Star voices it she’s like a little girl talking about what she wants to be when she grows up. And what her fellow travelers keep telling her, with the dissolve-on-contact sensuality of their live-for-the-moment life, is that dreams aren’t for them. I won’t tell you that “American Honey” is anything like a perfect movie; it goes on too long, falling off in the last act. Yet to watch it is to touch something beautiful and broken in the heart of the first generation of Americans since the ’50s who feel like they don’t have the luxury to dream, and as a result have forgotten how. Filed Under: American Honey Andrea Arnold Sasha Lane Shia LaBeouf Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions No Frontrunner in Sight for Supporting Actor Oscar Race Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Kristan says: October 24, 2016 at 3:54 pm So perhaps there is an individual who may break this for me, or explain to me how it can be cracked by me, therefore I can use my Numark Pro II. Reply More Film News from Variety The Power of Content 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' Teams With Bono and RED For AIDS Awareness… Dick's Sporting Goods Posts Solid Third-Quarter Results, But… The Voice Predictions: Who's at Risk on Top 12 Results… Tech CEO vows to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle, gets… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
Skip to main content Home My Subscription Obituaries Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted NIE MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Active Alerts BREAKING: The Kansas Board of Regents on Tuesday morning selected retired Air Force Gen. Richard Myers to be the 14th president of Kansas State University Home E-Edition Obituaries Newspapers in Education News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Featured One stabbed, two hospitalized in early-morning burglary in Melvern WWE to return to Jan. 13 to Topeka with Kansas Expocentre event Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Featured KU basketball drops first season opener of Bill Self era KU football finds shooting star in defensive end Dorance Armstrong Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Celebrations Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Sudoku Crossword Featured WWE to return to Jan. 13 to Topeka with Kansas Expocentre event Topeka’s Ad Astra Theatre Ensemble stages Green Day’s ‘American Idiot’ Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Chris Cillizza: Remarkably thin Democratic bench just got badly exposed From the Morris Communications CEO: Message to our readers Connect With Us Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Weather Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Calendar of Events Subscriptions All Access digital subscription Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted October 23, 2016 09:41 pm Letter: I'm supporting Senator Hensley I want to thank Sen. Anthony Hensley for his continued willingness to help the people of the 19th District. I’ve known Hensley since he was a student at Highland Park High School, and what makes him unique is that, when a constituent calls him, he not only listens, but he takes action. Over the years, he has helped this community on a number of important matters. For example, when Walmart wanted to build a new store across from the school, Hensley attended the meeting and spoke in favor of the development because of the jobs it would bring to the area. Additionally, he has been a longtime advocate for maintaining and improving the baseball and softball fields at Dornwood Park. Just this summer, Shawnee County completed renovations to two of the ball fields. I am not a registered Democrat, but that has never mattered to Hensley. He’s always there and willing to help out a neighbor in need. He is a true public servant, and that is why I am voting for him on Nov. 8. JO ANN PEAVLER, Topeka Topics Opinion Letters to the Editor Advertisement Most Popular News Sat, 11/12/2016 - 23:07 Woman dies after car hits her on S.W. Wanamaker News Mon, 11/14/2016 - 09:04 USD 501 board still grappling with superintendent residency policy News Mon, 11/14/2016 - 22:54 Supreme Court won’t review suit claiming that science standards for Kansas public schools promote atheism News Mon, 11/14/2016 - 23:39 WWE to return to Jan. 13 to Topeka with Kansas Expocentre event   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Mon, 11/14/2016 - 20:59 Letter: After the election I fear I know not my neighbor One evening, during the late spring of 1968, I was studying in my college dorm room in Connecticut. President Lyndon B. Johnson had announced that he would not run for another presidential term, and the country was in turmoil over the Vietnam War. I remember thinking how strange it was that I could hold that opinion while sitting there in that warm room, having a college deferment from the draft to keep me safe. Read more Mon, 11/14/2016 - 20:49 Letter: C-J should include more liberal voices on opinion page In its editorial “Keeping this page politically diverse” on Oct. 30, 2016, the Capital-Journal lists its six current columnists. Four are identified as conservatives — George Will, Michael Gerson, Cal Thomas and Kathleen Parker. The other two, Ignatius and the Roberts, are centrists. So, while there is some political diversity on the opinion page, there are no liberal columnists. A more diversified lineup of columnists would go the two-two-two route. That is, two conservative, two centrist and two liberal columnists. Read more Mon, 11/14/2016 - 20:40 Kathleen Parker: On hallowed ground Mon, 11/14/2016 - 20:35 Editorial: State’s fiscal emergency requires immediate action Load more Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X


null
Home Explore Steamboat Classifieds Hot Steamboat Deals Real Estate VIP TV Subscriptions Advertising Sign in Register Steamboat Pilot & Today Jump to content 51° Fair Hi 60° Lo 26° News Today's news Law enforcement Weather Government Real estate Business Education Election coverage Obituaries Environment Water Oil and gas Marijuana Yampa Valley Health Care Sports Today's sports news USA Pro Challenge news Denver Broncos news Sochi olympic news Outdoors Hunting Steamboat prep sports Hayden prep sports South Routt prep sports Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Columnists Reader polls Happenings Multimedia Current Videos Archive Videos Photos Photo galleries Documents Entertainment Explore Steamboat Movie listings Comcast TV guide DirecTV TV guide DISH Network TV guide Share Photos Videos Story ideas Letter to the editor News releases Obituaries Anniversaries Weddings Engagements Births E-edition Today's e-edition E-edition archive Public notices More Facebook Twitter iOS - SteamboatToday app Android - SteamboatToday app Discussions Steamboat Information Elected Officials RSS Return to main Yampa Valley Health page Courtesy photo An EpiPen package contains two epinephrine injectors. Local allergy sufferers affected by EpiPen price spike By Teresa Ristow Sunday, October 23, 2016 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn Discuss 9 comments Advertisement Steamboat Springs  All it took was a brownie with a walnut on top for Dan McNasby to learn about his 2-year-old son’s nut allergy about 11 years ago. “His mouth started itching and swelling up,” said McNasby, who now has three children, age 13, 9 and 8, who all have tested positive for peanut and tree nut allergies. As a precaution, McNasby keeps three or more Epipen epinephrine injector packs on hand or with his children. With the skyrocketing costs of the injectors during the past few years, McNasby is one of many who rely on the Epipen but have been forced to reconsider whether they can afford to purchase the injectors, which are used to treat emergency allergic reactions to nuts, bees and other allergens. McNasby said a two-pack, both of which might be used in a single extended emergency, now costs him about $414 through Wal-Mart after insurance. The retail price for a two-pen set has increased more than five-fold since 2007, when the Mylan corporation purchased the drug. A two-pack of EpiPens then retailed for about $100, and Mylan has hiked the price 17 times since, with the same pack now retailing for $608. The company came under fire earlier this year for the price increases, with critics accusing Mylan of corporate greed. A price-gouging lawsuit between one Ohio consumer is ongoing and may expand into a class-action suit. “It’s shocking that a company would put profit over lives,” McNasby said. “It’s just amazing that the government will allow a company to have a monopoly on this product.” McNasby said he’s tried to ask his children’s doctor for a prescription for a vial of epinephrine that he could inject himself — something that would cost much less — but the doctor refused. While McNasby's request might seem reasonable, Dr. Chris Speer, of Steamboat Medical Group, said it goes against the standard of care to allow patients to measure their own epinephrine during an emergency. “If something goes wrong, I would be held liable 100 percent,” Speer said. “In a high-pressure situation, it’s not as easy as it sounds.” Speer said the other physicians at Steamboat Medical Group agree they also wouldn’t prescribe epinephrine alone, though he added he sympathizes with patients affected by the increased prices for EpiPen. “I don’t have any control of how different drugs are priced. I find it super-frustrating,” Speer said. “You wouldn’t think it would cost nearly that much if they weren’t gouging people.” Dr. Kristen Fahrner said the increased price of EpiPens is a serious problem for her many patients with allergies, including those undergoing allergy shot treatments. “The cost is extraordinarily high and prohibitive,” said Fahrner, an otolaryngologist with a fellowship certification in allergy. Fahrner said the drug is much cheaper in Canada, but laws prohibit the drugs from being exported to the United States, something that could be changed legislatively. Fahrner said she’s heard that the release of a generic version of the EpiPen from Mylan or a new product from another company may be on the horizon, which could result in a less-expensive alternative. “Hopefully, there’s a fix soon,” she said. To reach Teresa Ristow, call 970-871-4206, email tristow@SteamboatToday.com or follow her on Twitter @TeresaRistow More like this story Monday Medical: Bee sting allergy — to hike or not to hike Seasonal allergies strike in Steamboat with early arrival of spring weather Schools: Minefields for students with food allergies Monday Medical: Seasonal allergies more severe than in previous years Monday Medical: Allergic to penicillin? Probably not Comments Harvey Lyon 3 weeks, 1 day ago My guess is Dr Speer's concerns could be allayed by a short course on giving injections conducted by a nurse and a signed "hold harmless" agreement. If memory serves Mr. McNasby is a two tour Afghanistan veteran who knows a thing or two about performing under pressure. But make no mistake, changing legislation will only happen if "we the people" demand it and are willing to make changes ourselves. Many of the "high prices" of certain products are the result of protective legislation demanded by special interests groups. These groups offer large numbers of cash donations to any politician who has a vote on their concerns. And it is "we the people" that require our representatives to raise ungodly amounts of $$ for elections. Amazing how many folks in theory rue the "Career Politician" who has been bought and paid for many times over but then refuse to consider a non-career individual who talks from his heart in a manner not nearly as polished as the career politician. Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Scott Wedel 3 weeks, 1 day ago There are good Canadian pharmacies that ship Epipens to the US. I don't see news reports of US customs regularly seizing Epipens. Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Harvey Lyon 3 weeks, 1 day ago Scott, agreed, nor do I see reports of folks getting hurt by using Canadian Drugs or kids getting hurt by receiving a shot from their parents. Its a total shame that our laws require us to become criminals. Its a total shame that our representatives, the very people we send to the State and Washington to represent us and our interests HAVE to become whore slaves to special interest pimps. These pimps work against the population that sent the representatives but if not for their money the representative would never have gotten his message out and been elected in the first place. Imagine a fellow running for office who says "Nothing is Free", "For a Nation to Survive every citizen must take care of him/her self and have a little left over to help a neighbor in time of need". He/she would never get elected. Upvote 1 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Scott Wedel 3 weeks, 1 day ago Harvey, Though, it looks like if you search for the lowest cost Canadian pharmacy then you find questionable outfits. I grew up in the Santa Clara valley and can remember the orchards of what was to become Apple and the other tech companies. Two interesting things about the tech industry. First, is that it didn't happen in the valley's main city because San Jose planning wanted to know about the business and it's long term success. So San Jose got an IBM facility (in the Almaden Valley), but all of the businesses that were nothing startups are located in Cupertino, City of Santa Clara, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Mountain View and so on. All of those other places other than San Jose would allow commercial buildings based upon X square feet and having enough parking, but without caring what business would occupy it. Second, the tech industry has moved too fast to have serious government regulation. Government had no chance at moving fast enough to define a personal computer and attempt to require ergonomic designs, required features or anything else. So while landline phones have been regulated into featureless relics, largely unregulated smartphones have become modern marvels. Watch science fiction like Star Trek set in 2265 AD and wonder why they use crappy 1990s communications devices. Look what is about to happen to our building codes. They are going to require all new construction is sufficiently energy efficient which is expected to jack up construction costs by 20%. Only part of the costs will be the added improvements themselves, but now there should be yet more things to be inspected. So far more days where construction is stopped to wait for required inspection. So instead of a contractor taking a video of their work as a record to homeowner of superior construction, everyone sits waiting for the government inspector. With this energy efficient building costs, we are probably pricing out 75% of the population from ever having a chance at buying a new house. Meanwhile, the additional new essentially fireproofing of multi-family unit should be expected to prevent any new apt supply coming onto the market for less than $1,500 a month. Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Jim Kelley 3 weeks ago Is this a case of the Pharmaceutical Companies trying to make America Great again?? Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Scott Wedel 3 weeks ago Jim, It is what happens when government creates certain incentives and market protection. I believe that Canada has approved the Epipen competitor that was also approved in Europe. So Canada government, which is allowed to negotiate with drug makers, can tell Mylan that Epipens must be price competitive or they will select their competitor as the exclusive option for Canadians covered by government health insurance.aka the entire country. Rest of the world didn't grant sweeping patents to Mylan for the Epipen design for what is generally viewed as existing for decades and then have a FDA basically say any competitor must work exactly like an Epipen. That is a government one two creating a monopoly for Mylan. Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Jim Kelley 2 weeks, 6 days ago How about no patent protection for new drugs after 10-15 years? How about no patent protection for life saving drugs, period? Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Jim Kelley 2 weeks, 6 days ago Every answer to this really flies in the face of "free market". ----Especially when considering the concept of "owning" a molecular structure. Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Scott Wedel 2 weeks, 6 days ago Jim, Mylan's patents have nothing to do with the drug, but with the design of the pen itself that injects the drug. The pen's design has nothing that any observer of mechanical engineering would say is new or particularly clever. It has some design so that it is easy to inject the entire dose into the leg muscle. The US Patent Office basically gave Mylan a patent on the design of the pen. And then FDA has decided that any one self administrating pen has to work the same as the Epipen. That combo has made it impossible for competitors. Other countries including the EU, refused to give a broad patent to Mylan and refused to say a competitor must work exactly the same. Thus, they have an approved competitor. Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Popular stories Gregory H. Hermann: Treasurer deserves apology 18 comments Kevin Copeland: Victory for those who felt powerless 9 comments Committee to make parks and recreation property tax recommendation Tuesday night 3 comments Trump wins White House in astonishing victory 56 comments Jennifer Schubert-Akin: In uncertain times, look to America’s principles 24 comments Ken Collins: Opportunity lost 5 comments Steamboat school board holds heated, divisive discussion on board leadership 6 comments Chuck McConnell: Trump will make America great again 106 comments History falling down: Arnold brothers hope their old barn won't collapse in Steamboat Springs 5 comments Cassady Roberts: Hillary Clinton is leader we can look up to 76 comments Steamboat Today News archives / About / Contact our staff / Jobs / Privacy Policy and Terms of Use / Public notices / DMCA Notice / Feeds Homefinder Steamboat Real Estate / Move to Steamboat Services Home delivery / Subscriptions / E-mail alerts / Mobile edition information / Advertising Submit News / Photos / Videos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 Steamboat Pilot & Today. All rights reserved. Tablet version | Mobile version
CONTESTS Schenectady, NY SUBSCRIBE New Subscription Convert Subscription Activate Online E-Mail Newsletter Contact Us LOG-IN HOME NEWS Local State Business Education Crime & Courts Military Infographs Blogs & Columns ARTS TICKET Books Movies Music Theater & Dance Blogs & Columns Events Galleries Fun & Games TV Listings LIFE Local Food Health History Home Restaurants Special Sections CapRegionBrides Couples Births Blogs & Columns SPORTS Local High School College Golf Horse Racing Special Sections Blogs & Columns OPINION Editorials Letters To The Editor Viewpoints Submit A Letter Blogs & Columns OBITUARIES COMMUNITIES Albany County Fulton County Montgomery County Saratoga County Schenectady County Schoharie County YourNISKAYUNA YourCLIFTONPARK Classified CapRegionCars CapRegionHomes CapRegionJobs Classified Rentals Service Directory Cars Homes Jobs Advertisement Promotions Fulton County pushing tech park By Daniel Fitzsimmons October 23, 2016 Photographer: Peter R. Barber Vireo Health at Tryon Technology Park in Perth on Thursday. Advertisement Advertisement follow us $VAR1 = 'mailLink';
$VAR2 = '/mailfriend/72/114196/fd365e0dc0/';
$VAR3 = 'title';
$VAR4 = 'Fulton County pushing tech park';
$VAR5 = 'linkType';
$VAR6 = 'story';
 Text Size: A | A FULTON COUNTY  When Gov. Andrew Cuomo closed the Tryon Juvenile Detention Facility in 2011, Fulton County and the surrounding area lost 325 jobs and an estimated $15,000,000 in wages spent in the local economy, according to an estimate from the county planning department. The Gloversville Water Dept. and the Gloversville-Johnstown Joint Wastewater Treatment Plant also lost a combined $170,000 in annual revenue, they said. But while similar youth detention facilities across the state were shuttered and remained closed, officials in Fulton County had something different in mind for the Tryon facility. They asked the state to turn the property over to them so they could convert it into a business park. “Fulton County government took the initiative,” said James Mraz, Executive Director of the FUlton County Industrial Development Agency. “After a couple years worth of back and forth this entire facility was deeded over to the county’s industrial development agency.” The county, through a combination of grants and matching funds, has so far put over $4 million into the site. They built a ring access road throughout the 515-acre shovel-ready site, known as the Tryon Technology Park, as well as a 300,000-gallon water tower and pump station to improve water pressure and supply. PHOTO: Peter R. BarberGazette Photographer Head Cultivator Chris Schmitt looks over drying marijuana plant at Vireo Health at Tryon Technology Park in Perth on Thursday. Their plan is to tear down nearly all of the many structures that were part of the detention facility, save for one 15,000-square-foot facility they hope to convert into a regional business training and incubator center. That facility, said Mraz, will help new businesses get off the ground and provide space for them to try out ideas. Mraz said county officials felt the site would make a good business park because of its proximity to New York’s interstate system and the presence of existing utility hookups. “There’s already gas, electric, water and sewer service here,” said Mraz. “When you’re developing shovel-ready sites that’s usually the biggest cost, is getting that infrastructure, which is integral to developing the site. It was already here.” He also touted the county’s access to markets. “Because of our proximity to interstates, this county, a four-hour drive in any direction has access 70 million potential customers, and that’s huge,” said Mraz, pointing to retail giant Wal-Mart opening a food distribution center in the Johnstown industrial park as evidence of Fulton County’s advantageous location. “They did it for a reason,” he said. “Strategically it was centrally located to a geographic area that they wanted to serve and could serve given the interstate system here. Our proximity to markets is as good if not better than most other areas.” Mraz also touted the relative remoteness of Tryon Technology Park as an asset. “It’s a very peaceful campus setting. So part of our marketing strategy is we’re saying ‘come here, take a 180 degree turn away from a high-cost, high-stress business life,’” he said. “We think it’s a positive thing. And that’s how we’re trying to market it.” Selling prospective businesses on the property is something Mraz, who doubles as the county’s planning director, said is a daily task for him and other officials. “That’s a work task that we’re on every day,” said Mraz. “This business is very competitive.” Mraz said the county is courting a prospect now that’s looking at sites all over the northeast. “So every time we’re competing against other great sites, and sometimes you win and sometimes you lose,” he said. “I can’t say when we’re going to have [tenants]; all I can say is every day we’re trying.” The Tryon Tech Park already has one tenant, Vireo Health of New York, which is one of the few companies allowed to grow and manufacture medical cannabis for use by patients in New York. Vireo’s scientific director Eric Greenbaum said on a recent tour of the facility that the company is one of just five allowed to operate in the state, and while regulations in New York are more stringent than in other states, he sees a bright future for the industry in the state. Greenbaum said New York’s marijuana program is a “really medical model” as opposed to more recreation-based models in Colorado and California, which could actually greatly help the medical cannabis industry nationwide to serve patients as opposed to casual users. “[New York’s] is a model that in my opinion will serve as the template for a federal regulatory framework similar to what the FDA would do,” said Greenbaum. “Compared to California, where the medical model is basically a proxy for adult and recreational use...the fact that we don’t sell [marijuana bud], we only sell carefully formulated medicines...it’s just indicative of the approach that New York is taking.” Vireo provides customers with carefully formulated medicines in three different forms, said Greenbaum: oil (for vaporizing), a capsule or an oral solution. The company has five brands that run the gamut from having very high tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) concentrations and very low cannabidiol (CBD) concentrations, and vice versa. PHOTO: Peter R. BarberGazette Photographer Head Cultivator Chris Schmitt looks at buds of marijuana plants at Vireo Health at Tryon Technology Park in Perth on Thursday. Cannabidiol is a compound that is useful for seizure disorders as well as pain, said Greenbaum. It’s also been shown to mitigate the sometimes dysphoric effects of THC, which can include paranoia and anxiousness. THC is the chemical produced by the glands of a marijuana plant that is most responsible for the euphoric effect – or high – found in users. Greenbaum said the company settled at Tryon Technology Park as part of the licensing agreement it struck with the state, but that he and Vireo CEO Kyle Kingsley are native New Yorkers who are passionate about jumpstarting local economies wherever they can in the state. “We knew that the state was really focused on repurposing this facility; we knew there was a commitment to building up the Tryon Technology Park to be a center for tech development as well as job growth for this region,” said Greenbaum. And while the state’s regulation of medical cannabis is a bit strict now, said Greenbaum, there’s reason to believe it will broaden in the near future. “It’s a pretty limited patient market right now; there’s been some discussion with the legislators and regulators to expand some of the qualifying patient conditions to include chronic pain,” said Greenbaum. “Chronic pain is one of the indications for which we have the most evidence of efficacy with medical cannabis. So we’re hoping that that goes through. We think it will be really good for the people of New York.” PHOTO: Peter R. BarberGazette Photographer Marijuana plants at Vireo Health at Tryon Technology Park in Perth on Thursday. Greenbaum said Vireo is “optimistic” the regulations will be expanded within the next quarter. “Not that we’ll be able to implement it, but we’re optimistic we’ll see an announcement within the next 90 days,” said Greenbaum. Relaxing them, he said, would “open up access a lot, and will be good for growth and patients as well.” And growth is what county officials are hoping for as well with the Tryon Technology Park. Mraz said the capital projects at the site are in their final stages, and the way in which the county has been able to repurpose what would have become an abandoned property is a unique and inspiring way to create more jobs and commerce in the area. “It’s just going to take some time,” he said. Reach Gazette reporter Dan Fitzsimmons at 852-9605, dfitzsimmons@dailygazette.net or @DanFitzsimmons on Twitter. Enjoy this story? Share it! In other news... Arrest made in Crossgates Mall shooting Students experience post-election racism at Capital Region schools Gloversville shooting death was burglary gone wrong Will--and can--Donald Trump follow through on his campaign promises? Advertisement comments There are currently no posts. Be the first to comment on this story. Log-in to post a comment. Advertisement The Daily Gazette Co.2345 Maxon Road Ext., PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 (518) 374-4141 FIND US ONLINE Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Feeds ABOUT US The Daily Gazette Advertising Information Privacy Policy Contact Us Careers FAQs SUBSCRIPTIONS New Subscription Terms of Service Customer Service Missed Delivery Vacation Stops ONLINE SERVICES E-Mail Newsletters Search Story Archives Obituary Laminations Purchase Photos Events Calendar QUICK LINKS Ask A Doc Contests & Promotions Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Gas Prices School Closings Lottery TV listings Weather SPECIAL SECTIONS The Student Gazette CapRegionPets 50+ Living Fall Home
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple For deals or just the latest designs, these are the shopping apps you need Gloria Sin October 23, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Whether you’re looking to snag some great deals, stay on top of the latest trends, or just browse, we have an app for that. In honor of the approaching holiday season — and the massive amount of shopping you’re likely about to do — we’ve rounded up some of the best shopping apps for iOS and Android. These are good year-round, but they should especially come in handy during the upcoming holiday rush. Related: Our favorites websites for finding deals on gadgets, gizmos, and more This time around, we’ve skipped the Amazons and Etsys of the world, and, instead, focused on some lesser-known shopping apps. Whether you’re looking to shop quick, grab an awesome deal, or browse goods like you navigate Pinterest, there’s something here for everyone. Better yet, they’re all built to work best on your phone. Mona Mona app for iOS More Despite all our advances in machine learning and artificial intelligence in recent years, mobile shopping is still stuck in the Dark Ages, where comparison shopping between retailers is messy and not intuitive. With Mona, your AI-powered personal shopping assistant learns your style preferences by analyzing your feedback and emails regarding previous purchases. That way, she can more accurately recommend new items from partnered retailers that match your look, search for pieces that fit your criteria on price and design, as well as alert you of new price drops and sales. Download now from: iTunes JackThreads JackThreads app More Who truly enjoys the hassle of digging through piles of clothes, waiting in endless lines, and trying on clothes in tiny fitting rooms? Thanks to the recent rebirth of JackThreads as a men’s shopping destination, the company is now all about letting customers try-before-they-buy (think: Warby Parker). Customers can order items via the company’s official mobile app or website, then get five days to decide which pieces they want to keep or return. Best of all, they will only be charged for what they keep. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Canopy Canopy app More Read More The very thing that makes Amazon great is also its greatest weakness; its robust selection of goods means you have to dig through a lot of duds before you’ll find a gem. Enter Canopy, a human-curated selection of the most unique fashion, lifestyle, and home decor products available on Amazon. Its design-focused ethos is obvious from its uncluttered UI to its tasteful picks, which range from an $11 USB plate to an $1,800 platform bed. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Giftagram Giftagram app More If you have loved ones or business partners on either side of the 49th parallel, you’d know how tricky it can be to send a gift between America and Canada. Thankfully, Giftagram takes care of all the logistics, so you just need to focus on picking the perfect present and providing your recipient’s email address or phone number. Since the app offers a select list of local and global lifestyle products, such as baked goods from The Cravory and Kate Spade iPhone cases, everyone on your list is bound to love your gifts! Download now from: iTunes Google Play Touch of Modern Touch of Modern app More For men who have everything and are notoriously difficult to shop for, Touch of Modern (ToMo for short) might be your best bet this holiday season. Known for offering lifestyle items that are both design-oriented and meant to start conversations, this app features timed sales that cover everything from retro hats and beef jerky to vintage Rolexes and Picasso prints. Every now and then, it also partners with brands like Samsung to offer members early access or extra perks on new products. Download now from: iTunes Google Play The Hunt The Hunt app More Sometimes, all you have is a photo of the floral bomber jacket you covet, but have no idea where you can buy the exact item or something similar. With The Hunt, you can tap into the collective intelligence of fellow fashionistas to get one step closer to owning these mystery pieces. Members can post links to share where an item-in-question is available and its current retail price. They can even go one step further and ask fellow style sisters for feedback on their outfits. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Flipp Flipp app More Shopping with paper coupons and weekly flyers may seem outdated in our digital world, but there is no denying the convenience of circling the best deals directly on your smartphone. Flipp combines the best of both worlds by providing a digital library of all the latest flyers and helping you build shopping lists within the app. All you have to do is tap on a specific product or coupon within the digitized flyer, and the app will automatically circle and add it to your digital grocery list for a modern shopping experience. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Ibotta Ibotta app More Rather than clipping paper coupons to save pennies at a time, Ibotta (pronounced “I-bought-a”) gives you cash-back on your purchases once you get home by scanning your receipts and barcodes. The app is supported by most of the national and big-boxed retailers you can think of — Walmart, Aldo, Jamba Juice, etc. — so you’re bound to get some money back through this app. That said, you’ll need to accumulate at least $20 in your Ibotta account before you can transfer your money to PayPal, Venmo, or a gift card. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Tictail Store 456 More If you’re looking for handcrafted artisan work from around the world, look no further than Tictail. Artists and artisans come to Tictail to set up their own stores, much like Etsy, but with more polish and fewer rough edges. Here you’ll find more 100,000 storefronts, including everything from exclusive small-brand fashion lines and housewares to funny enameled pins and brooches. The app also compiles bargains, but remains far more concerned with bringing unique indie work to a wider audience. It’s a custom outlet for people making items they love, and you get some cool stuff without putting down your phone. Everyone wins. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Donde Fashion Donde Fashion More Another iPhone-exclusive app, Donde helps you shop for women’s fashion using simple symbols instead of annoying words. If you read all day at work, perhaps your brain needs a break. It’s also helpful if you want a particular neckline or hem, but can’t remember the name of the style. After all, vocabulary limitations shouldn’t stop you from finding exactly what you want. Items are grouped together by type, color, and pattern, with options to filter them by budget and brand. Donde Fashion presents a pretty picture, and orders ship straight from the brand in question. Download now from: iTunes Spring Cash 2 More This app’s name is misleading; the gear on Spring is not limited to light, seasonal wear. The app hosts clothes, shoes, and accessories for men and women, as well as lifestyle and beauty products to keep you looking sharp. Spring offers pre-designed bundles for the holidays as well, such as the “Wanderer Kit,” a package that includes a dopp bag, charging cable, and a travel size grooming set outfitted with a cleanser and shave cream. Free shipping and returns are always welcome in a shopping app and Spring offers that, too. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Shopami Crew 1 More Shopami gathers all your shopping coupons in a single place. It’s annoying to go shopping only to later discover a promotional deal sitting in your inbox. With Shopami, you simply add the email you use for shopping and turn on notifications, ensuring the app will let you know when you’re near a store with an offer in play. Shopami will also let you know when you’re about to miss out on an offer expiring soon. You can turn off notifications if you hate being nagged, too, and the app will still let you know about offers expiring that day. The brand list is also broad, allowing you to skim coupons from the likes of Foot Locker, Lowes, Zales, and others. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Keep Shopping Shop 345 More Keep’s innovation is more in its styling and curation than any new access. The app presents a broad selection of housewares and categories, as well as guest-curated collections. This app is good if you like to keep your deals under $50, or if you’d rather shop based on the type of person you’re shopping for. Thinking of getting something for your girlfriend? Try “Gifts for Her,” where you can find a bunch of things she might like, such as The Big Book of Chic or some jewelry. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Wish Cliff 2 More Wish is like eBay’s prettier, younger sister. It offers similar items with a better display. What’s more, the way the app handles profiles is more transparent than other sites. It tracks your searches in whatever account you have linked to it, and categorizes them as tags. In your profile, you can see your favorite tags, which helps determine what shows up in your main feed. Other sites use a similar method, but they often don’t show them to you or automatically organize your wishlists the way Wish does. Another plus? It’s available for Windows users. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Stylect Muse35 More If you’re looking for shoes, look no further than Stylect. It pitches itself as the app to find “all the shoes in the world,” and given it presents more than 10,000 brands, it probably not much of an exaggeration. It currently only supports women’s shoes — sorry, guys — but what they do have ranges from inexpensive to exquisite. It also includes all the filters anyone could ask for to help narrow down the huge selection of footwear. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Mallzee Final 456 More If you like the buzz of going to a physical mall, or read fashion mags for a different kind of buzz, Mallzee could be for you. It tracks trends from more than a hundred big clothing brands, allowing you to discover the newest collections and the freshest threads. The app also touts feeds you can personalize for events or specific items, along with price drop notifications for the latter. Download now from: iTunes Google Play Get smart: The 25 best educational apps for iPhone and Android Keep the fire going with these 10 apps for couples Treat yo selfie with one of these 12 apps made to beautify your pics Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Start the conversation Sign in to post a message. What to Read Next Rodrigo Duterte began his first state visit to Japan, the Philippines’ top investor, by snubbing the host Quartz New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Report claims iPhone 8 will feature a revolutionary new design that no one saw coming BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Now Galaxy S7 Edge Is Reportedly Catching Fire (Update: Samsung Responds) Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Paying is for suckers: Here’s how to use Microsoft Office for Free Digital Trends This self-driving car is a living room on wheels Yahoo Tech Mercedes-Benz teases its sleek pickup truck concept ahead of Swedish reveal Digital Trends You can carry this tiny scooter in your bag Yahoo Tech Featured Civilization Vi Review: Addictive ‘Civilization VI’ keeps the wonder alive Yahoo Finance Apple iPhone 7 sales could make or break Apple's earnings Daniel Howley Google How Google is remaking the mobile web Rob Pegoraro Skylanders Review: ‘Skylanders: Imaginators’ has plenty of character, if you can afford it Ben Silverman Virtual Reality Here’s how the 4 top virtual reality systems stack up Daniel Howley Battlefield 1 Review: Beautiful Battlefield 1 gives the War to End All Wars its due respect Daniel Howley Pogue Basics: Touch and hold Google Maps Yahoo Finance Gaming New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Finance Smart Home Hackers could use your smart home devices to launch web attacks Rob Pegoraro Microsoft The one thing in Microsoft’s earnings investors will be watching Daniel Howley Nintendo Switch Nintendo unveils the Nintendo Switch, a hybrid console/handheld system Ben Silverman Mafia Review: Impressive storytelling can’t get ‘Mafia III’s tired gameplay off the hook Ben Silverman Apple A dozen iOS 10 feature gems that Apple forgot to mention David Pogue Bitcoin Walmart and IBM will use blockchain to track pork from China Daniel Roberts Babies This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Finance Fitbit The new Fitbits are smarter, better-looking, and more well-rounded pogueman Google Pixel Google Pixel XL review: An excellent phone with one flaw Daniel Howley Apple Car The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Daniel Howley Autonomous Cars This self-driving car is a living room on wheels Yahoo Finance Scooter You can carry this tiny scooter in your bag Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
JOIN LARB CHANNELS BLARB LARB RADIO ABOUT SIGN IN DONATE BECOME A LARB MEMBER MY LARB BOOKSHELF PRINT EDITIONS DIGITAL EDITIONS TOM'S BOOK CLUB MEMBER SIGN IN MEMBER EVENTS THE PHILO- SOPHER’S PLANT AVIDLY SHERMAN OAKS REVIEW OF BOOKS EEPHUS TELL YOUR TRUE TALE MARGINALIA PHILO- SOPHICAL SALON VOLUBLE ABOUT LARB OUR NEWSLETTER LARB MASTHEAD OUR SUPPORTERS PRESS CENTER CONTACT US BROWSE LARB CONTENT Membership Our Newsletter Bookshelf Digital Editions Print Editions Tom’s Book Club Global Archive Authors Contributors Advanced Search LARB AV LARB Radio Hour on KPFK-FM LARB/USC Publishing Workshop Featured Artists Channels Avidly Blog Eephus TheEEEL Marginalia The Philosopher’s Plant The Philosophical Salon The Sherman Oaks Review Tell Your True Tale Voluble SECTIONS Go to ALL SECTIONS Index Writing in Los Angeles Around the World Art & Architecture Dear Television Fiction Film Law Noir Nonfiction Philosophy & Critical Theory Politics & Economics Religion Television Revolutionary Nostalgia By Robert Minto OCTOBER 23, 2016 IN THE ERA of Brexit, ISIS, and the candidacy of Donald Trump, could there be a more pressing topic than the nature of political reaction? These movements are all reactionary — characterized, first and foremost, by their rejection of the present. They are revolutionary in effect, boldly heralding swift and comprehensive change — but they are wary of progress. They have vision, but it is a nostalgic one, aimed over the shoulder. The usual ideological categories seem inadequate to account for them. Mark Lilla takes on the challenge of making sense of them. In The Shipwrecked Mind, he attempts to sketch out the nature and some of the sources of reactionary politics. All but one of the essays collected in The Shipwrecked Mind first appeared in the NYRB. They make rather odd book-fellows: three profiles; two round-up reviews; a report from the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo shooting; and a meditation on Don Quixote. One piece in particular — about the use leftist academics have made of the apostle Paul — bears only the most tenuous connection to the book’s ostensible theme. Maybe it was included to pad the volume out to its still-slim 144 pages? At that length, the book could hardly be a full history of reaction. To be fair, Lilla himself tries to tamp down our expectations: The Shipwrecked Mind makes a very modest start. It is the fruit of my own aleatory reading over the past two decades and offers a series of examples and reflections rather than a systematic treatise on the concept of reaction. Why enter the field with so small an offering? Lilla thinks any attention to reaction is worthwhile, because it fills a void: “We have theories about why revolution happens, what makes it succeed, and why, eventually, it consumes its young. We have no such theories about reaction, just the self-satisfied conviction that it is rooted in ignorance and intransigence, if not darker motives.” Lilla’s insistence that he is bravely exploring terra incognita highlights a bizarre silence that symbolizes the book’s shortcomings. That silence reverberates with Lilla’s unnamed predecessor. If you ask a person well-read in political theory to recommend a book on reactionary politics, they will almost certainly mention Corey Robin’s The Reactionary Mind. It was published in 2011 and stirred up a controversy. Lilla himself reviewed it in the NYRB and subsequently engaged in a brief polemic with Robin in the magazine’s correspondence pages. We can be sure he’s aware of the other book. But nowhere in his own does he mention Robin, much less cite him. Lilla prefers to shadowbox with his opponent. They disagree about at least two things. First, the motivations of reactionaries: Robin understands them to be motivated by the loss of power. In his book, he says reaction is about the “experience of having power, seeing it threatened, and trying to win it back.” By contrast, Lilla believes reactionaries are motivated by a philosophy of history that expresses itself as nostalgia. Second, the relationship between conservatism and reaction: Robin sees conservatism — for all its ideological talk of human nature, fiscal prudence, and small government — as, at heart, a reactionary movement. Lilla, though, writes, “Reactionaries are not conservatives. This is the first thing to be understood about them.” This is strangely categorical. Does he think no reactionaries are conservatives? (A few pages later he calls the National Review a reactionary magazine. They would be surprised to discover they’re not conservative.) Perhaps that demarcation explains the odd choices Lilla makes of exemplary reactionaries. The first three essays profile Franz Rosenzweig, Leo Strauss, and Eric Voegelin. While the last two of these fit his account of reaction well, Rosenzweig is an odd person with whom to begin. A Jewish philosopher-theologian, his major work, The Star of Redemption, attempts to reconcile and distinguish the religious purposes of Judaism and Christianity. Rosenzweig argued that Judaism’s rituals and beliefs have reference to eternity, Christianity’s to history. Thus, Jews should, in Lilla’s paraphrase, “live in relation to the past but only in the sense that each Jewish holiday reenacts an old drama that bears more relation to eternity than time.” Lilla apparently believes this idea is enough to brand Rosenzweig a reactionary. I find this hard to swallow. Liturgies oriented to eternity are very different from speeches extolling the good old days, and recommendations for a minority religious group are very different from reactionary aspirations for entire societies. One can easily imagine how Rosenzweig’s ideas could become reactionary. If they were wedded to a call for actions beyond the private observance of law and ritual, then they might take on a more frightening aspect. Imagine his words combined with a call to proselytize by force, or a call to revanchism — the reconquest of a lost and supposedly ancestral territory — as in certain strands of Zionism or in the ideology of ISIS. But as it stands, why nominate Rosenzweig a reactionary, when someone like Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is available and more clearly fits the bill? My suspicion is that some of these essays are only “about” reactionary politics in retrospect, threaded onto the necklace of that theme for the purposes of putting together a book. But that’s not true of every chapter. Two essays in particular speak directly to Lilla’s problematic. “From Luther to Walmart” is a round-up review of several books of Roman Catholic history. Lilla connects them to the venerable tradition of religious counterrevolution, an intellectual movement that reared its nostalgic head in the aftermath of the French Revolution of 1789: The golden age of lay Catholic historiography was the nineteenth century, when counterrevolutionary thinkers such as Bonald, the young Lamennais, Maistre, and Donoso Cortés refined the World We Have Lost narrative that has nourished reactionary political movements ever since. But in the twentieth century lay and clerical writers developed a kinder, gentler variation of it that has not lost its appeal among Catholics. Let’s call it the Road Not Taken. These counterrevolutionaries are commonly considered the fountainheads of reaction as a political tradition. Lilla’s essay draws lines between their seething polemics and the gentler, but no less reactionary revisionism of contemporary religious historiography. The second essay that tackles the theme head-on is “Paris, January 2015.” That was the month, you may recall, of the Charlie Hebdo shootings. Lilla describes how this event served as an opportunity for a cohort of French reactionaries, already well established in their own camp, to trumpet their apocalyptic vision to “tens of thousands of French readers.” He focuses in particular on Éric Zemmour’s polemical history of postwar France, Le Suicide français (2014), and Michel Houellebecq’s novel Soumission (2015). Nowhere else in The Shipwrecked Mind does Lilla’s vision of reaction or its relevance to the present appear with greater force: it is the most compelling part of the book. Here for example, on Zemmour: [F]or an ideology to really reshape politics it must cease being a set of principles and become instead a vaguer general outlook that new information and events only strengthen. You really know when an ideology has matured when every event, present and past, is taken as confirmation of it. The French right, with Éric Zemmour’s help, is advancing on this trajectory today. Le Suicide français gives readers a common set of enemies; it provides a calendar of their crimes; it confirms a suspicion that there must be some connection among these crimes; and it stirs in them an outraged hopelessness — which in contemporary politics is much more powerful than hope. All this at a time when the country is trying to wrap its collective mind around one of the great tragedies and challenges in recent history. Lilla’s love for French culture and concern for the trajectory of its politics is palpable. Here he takes a text with a direct influence on the national zeitgeist and illuminates its significance as an instance of reaction. In this essay, I saw a glimpse of the book this could have been. But we get much too little of that book in The Shipwrecked Mind, and the little we get is exclusively focused on Lilla’s thesis about the roots of reaction in the philosophy of history. In an afterword, he returns to this idea, presenting his argument for why we should not adopt the reactionary’s view of history. To tell the reactionary kind of history, you must believe in “epochs” — the golden epoch of the past, the evil epoch of today. But “epochal thinking is magical thinking.” Reifying history gives rise to a further illusion — that a great and terrible rift divides the present from the past: Apocalyptic history itself has a history, which stands as the record of human despair. The expulsion from Eden, the destruction of the First and Second Temples, the crucifixion of Jesus, the sack of Rome, the murders of Hussein and Ali, the Crusades, the fall of Jerusalem, the Reformation, the fall of Constantinople, the English Civil Wars, the French Revolution, the American Civil War, World War I, the Russian Revolution, the abolition of the caliphate, the Shoah, the Palestinian Nakba, “the Sixties,” September 11 […] Because the reactionary is so convinced that all his present tribulations stem from one or another of these decisive events, he is inclined to imagine that an equally climactic event, perhaps one instigated or carried out by him and his friends, will set the world right: “the apocalyptic imagination […] is inclined to dream of a second event that will blow open the door of paradise.” One problem with this account of reaction is that it seems too broad. What Lilla calls “apocalyptic thinking” tends to characterize the mindset of any group seeking a change from bad times. One finds this kind of thinking among Obama supporters in 2008 or Trudeau supporters in 2015 — people reeling from the catastrophes of previous regimes and putting their hope in a charismatic leader to bring back prosperity, peace, and the respect of the world. Are these groups really no different from Trump supporters in 2016? Lilla’s definition is too ambiguous to pick out the specific movements he has in mind. That, or it becomes an accidental criticism of representative democracy as such, a form of government whose periodic elections virtually require apocalyptic thinking to involve the apathetic public. The same problem — a definition of reaction so abstract and formal that it applies to things that aren’t reactionary — makes a hash of Lilla’s claims about the history of the movement. In his preface, he pays lip service to the widely accepted view that reactionary politics entered world history in the aftermath of the French Revolution. Yet critics — and prophets — have been telling the kind of story Lilla identifies as reactionary pretty much as long as stories have been told. What is it about such stories that makes them specifically reactionary — i.e., specific to the tradition of counterrevolution that followed 1789? Ironically, Lilla himself demonstrates how historically imprecise his definition really is: Cultural pessimism is as old as human culture and has a long history in Europe. Hesiod thought that he was living in the Age of Iron; Cato the Elder blamed Greek philosophy for corrupting the young; Saint Augustine exposed the pagan decadence responsible for Rome’s collapse; the Protestant reformers felt themselves to be living in the Great Tribulation; French royalists blamed Rousseau and Voltaire for the Revolution; and just about everyone blamed Nietzsche for two world wars. So is reaction a tradition stemming from 1789, or a category of cultural pessimism pervasive from ancient societies to the present? This is only a problem because Lilla’s entire explanation of reaction amounts to saying it’s an idea about history. To explain the self-proclaimed reactionaries of, for instance, the contemporary American alt-right purely in terms of the philosophy of history is to over-intellectualize them. Reaction is an ideology heavily larded with emotion. It seethes with resentment and disgust, insecurity and, yes, also nostalgia. To boil these emotions down to nostalgia, and then to abstract from nostalgia to the philosophy of history, is unhelpfully reductive. I don’t doubt that the “intellectual proxy wars over the present” that Lilla describes are real, but epochal thinking doesn’t make you vote for Trump or run away to Syria to restore the caliphate. These are revanchist revolutionaries, attempting to claw back lost privilege, especially privilege lost to those they regard as their historical inferiors. Resentment, in other words, is at least as important a motivation for reaction as nostalgia. Whether out of a narrow interest in explaining politics through historiography, or simply because he didn’t get around to it in this brief collection, Lilla’s book falls short of a complete analysis. That doesn’t make it useless, but it’s not the first word it pretends to be, nor should it be the last. ¤ Robert Minto is a writer and philosopher. The Shipwrecked Mind On Political Reaction By Mark Lilla Published 09.06.2016 New York Review Books 168 Pages Buy this Book Amazon.com IndieBound POLITICS & ECONOMICS RECOMMENDED Adrift in the Present: On Mark Lilla’s “The Shipwrecked Mind” By Nikita Lalwani Shedding the Third Tear: Donald Trump’s Kitschy World By Allison Coffelt “There is Sin and Evil in the World”: Reagan, Trump, and the News Media By Diane Winston Trump and the End Times By Dan Sinykin Let Them Have Debt: Money and the French Revolution By Patrick Hyde Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. VOTE FOR LARB DISMISS FEED YOUR HEAD Subscribe to LARB's FREE Weekly Newsletter: Thank you for signing up! CONTINUE BROWSING LARB SUBSCRIBE By submitting this form, you are granting: Los Angeles Review of Books, 6671 Sunset Blvd., Ste. 1521, Los Angeles, California, 90028, United States, http://lareviewofbooks.org permission to email you. EXISTING SUBSCRIBER? DISMISS START TYPING... PRESS ENTER TO SEARCH, OR ESC TO EXIT
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Full access FAQ Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Cloudy. High 59F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 39F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Breaking La Crosse Mayor Tim Kabat announces re-election bid Close 1 of 4 Buy Now JOHN HART, STATE JOURNAL Bernadette Maglish, organizer of an event to set a new world record for carved pumpkins in a line, surveys about 3,200 pumpkins in the parking lot of the Walmart in Richland Center. The current record is 2,015 pumpkins but Maglish is hoping to smash the record next weekend with up to 4,000 carved pumpkins. Buy Now JOHN HART, STATE JOURNAL Pumpkins are moved off a flatbed truck and into a city parks storage shed last week. Walmart donated 3,200 pumpkins for the world record attempt but people are encouraged to bring their own pumpkins to the event, too. Buy Now JOHN HART, STATE JOURNAL Bernadette Maglish, organizer of an event to set a new world record for carved pumpkins in a line, walks along the dike at Krouskop Park in Richland Center. Beginning Wednesday, the park will host pumpkin carving with judging for the world record on Sunday.  Buy Now JOHN HART, STATE JOURNAL Shane Stibbe, director of the Richland Center Parks and Recreation Department, says the event this week to break a record for the most pumpkins in a line, has created excitement throughout the city. he's also expecting many people from out of town to take part in the event. On Wisconsin: World pumpkin record poised to fall in Richland Center Oct 23, 2016 1 Buy Now JOHN HART, STATE JOURNAL Bernadette Maglish, organizer of an event to set a new world record for carved pumpkins in a line, surveys about 3,200 pumpkins in the parking lot of the Walmart in Richland Center. The current record is 2,015 pumpkins but Maglish is hoping to smash the record next weekend with up to 4,000 carved pumpkins. RICHLAND CENTER — Dave Stumpf of Kimberly spent $4,000 in 2013 to build a castle using 17,384 Lincoln Logs. Deb Hoffmann of Waukesha has more than 11,485 pieces of Winnie the Pooh and Friends memorabilia, while in Poynette, Big Jake, at 15 years old, 2,600 pounds and nearly 6 feet, 11 inches tall, is the world’s largest living horse. And let’s not forget Don Gorske. Over the last 40 years, the Fond du Lac man has consumed more than 28,000 Big Macs. Wisconsin is well represented in the Guinness Book of World Records, and another entry is looming. High school students, church groups, young children, older adults and anyone else who wants to be a part of history will be armed this week in Richland Center with spoons, knives and cordless drills in order to carve more than 3,200 pumpkins. Once the guts are scooped and each pumpkin has a face, the basketball-sized vegetables will be placed Sunday in a line at Krouskop Park along the flood-prone Pine River in an attempt to break the Guinness World Record for the most carved pumpkins in a line or chain. Yes, there is such a thing. The current record of 2,015 pumpkins in a line was set almost a year ago by the Eniwa Happy Halloween Executive Committee in Eniwa, Hokkaido, Japan. The effort shattered the previous mark of 1,301 jack-o-lanterns set in 2013 (the category’s first year) in the Canadian city of Calgary. Richland Center intends to smash the record. The local Walmart has donated the pumpkins, but attendees can also bring their own. Depending on the turnout, the record could hit 4,000 pumpkins, said Bernadette Maglish, the event’s energetic and optimistic organizer. “We’re excited,” Maglish said, as she looked over 80 bins with about 40 pumpkins each last week. “Everyone is ready to carve.” This Thursday, about 450 students from Richland Center High School will take their shot at carving what could be about 1,000 pumpkins. Other groups and individuals will carve on Wednesday and Friday, with the primary carving day scheduled for Saturday from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. in the park. The hope is to have all of the pumpkins carved by the end of the day Saturday so that on Sunday the finished products can be carefully lined up (they must be touching) and judged at 2 p.m. by a representative from Guinness. He will land in the park in a helicopter along with Mayor Paul F. Corcoran. +3  Buy Now Pumpkins are moved off a flatbed truck and into a city parks storage shed last week. Walmart donated 3,200 pumpkins for the world record attempt but people are encouraged to bring their own pumpkins to the event, too. JOHN HART, STATE JOURNAL The festivities on Saturday and Sunday will include a food court, bouncy houses, live country music, a DJ, face painting and, on Sunday, a big-screen television in the gym of the nearby community center to watch the Green Bay Packers’ game against the Atlanta Falcons. Maglish has rounded up sponsors to help cover the costs, which include $10,000 to Guinness for the judge and rights to use logos and trademarks. Another $12,000 to $15,000 will go to local charities, including Passages, a women’s shelter for abused women and children; Lydia’s House, a homeless shelter; the Richland Center Food Pantry; the city’s parks department; and a community dog park under development that could open next spring. +3  Buy Now Bernadette Maglish, organizer of an event to set a new world record for carved pumpkins in a line, walks along the dike at Krouskop Park in Richland Center. Beginning Wednesday, the park will host pumpkin carving with judging for the world record on Sunday.  JOHN HART, STATE JOURNAL “It’s just a wonderful project for the whole community that Bernadette has put together,” said Shane Stibbe, Richland Center’s parks and recreation director. “Everybody’s talking about the pumpkin lady. It’s just a fun event.” Under the rules, each pumpkin must have a mouth, nose, eyes and eyebrows. When placed in the line, they all must be touching. Success will mean more than 2,000 people can say they helped set a record and join other notables in the book that celebrates human oddities and accomplishments, animals, food, speed and size. The book also includes another Wisconsin-based record that involves a line. In 2011, the Aluminum Association of America and a team of 60 volunteers, in 24 hours, created the world record chain of cans at the Brown County Fairgrounds in De Pere. It measured 5.37 miles and consisted of 66,343 drink cans. Pumpkin-related records in the book include those for the heaviest pumpkin (2,323 pounds), largest pumpkin pie (3,699 pounds), pumpkins carved by one person in one hour (109) and the most pumpkins carved simultaneously (1,060). Now, it appears Richland Center is about to join the list. Anyone who takes part can sign the bottom of their pumpkin and take it home after the event. Certificates with the Guinness logo commemorating the event will also be handed out to each participant. More information can be found on the event’s Facebook page or by calling the parks department at 608-647-8108, ext. 1. +3  Buy Now Shane Stibbe, director of the Richland Center Parks and Recreation Department, says the event this week to break a record for the most pumpkins in a line, has created excitement throughout the city. he's also expecting many people from out of town to take part in the event. JOHN HART, STATE JOURNAL Carving tools will be supplied, including cordless drills that will be used to help gut pumpkins and drill holes for eyes. Maglish said volunteers can also bring their own tools. Seeds from carving on Wednesday and Thursday will be saved in 5-gallon buckets, roasted and offered up on Saturday. But rounding up 3,000 pumpkins turned into a challenge after a frost earlier this year severely reduced pollination by bees and reduced the local pumpkin crop. Maglish initially thought she could get 1,000 pumpkins each from three area farms. Instead, she was told that would be a difficult order to fill. Don Fieldhouse, the manager of the Walmart, worked with his company to source the pumpkins from Frey Farms in Indiana. “It’s amazing that it’s even happening,” Maglish said. “Without Walmart stepping in this wouldn’t have happened.” Maglish grew up in Indiana and moved to Richland Center 18 years ago as a single mother. She operates a group home for adults with disabilities and works with hospice patients. The idea for the pumpkin record came about after speaking with Nancy Tiegs, a recently retired physical education and health teacher and lifelong resident of the city who has a massive Halloween display at her home each fall on East 7th Street. Tiegs, who will be honored this week for her displays, went to her computer and researched community pumpkin events. “I got online and started looking at Guinness World Records,” Tiegs said. “I (told Maglish), ‘I think this one the city can do.’ I know there’s a lot of kids who can carve and there are people in the community who can carve.” For more than 30 years,Tiegs has had one of the largest Halloween displays in the area, and for the last 15 years it has included over 100 carved pumpkins. She can hand out up to 900 treats each Halloween and have 2,000 to 3,000 people visit, but this year may be her last as she is looking for a home on a lake. Community events in Richland Center include Motorsports Mayhem in May, which features a demolition derby, truck and tractor pulls, and snowmobiles, ATV, dirt bike and truck and car drags. Churning Dirt is in July with a mud run, carnival and monster truck show, while the Hybrid Redneck Rally was earlier this month with mud racers, pulls and drag races. The community also hosts the state High School Rodeo championships; Thunder in the Hills, a huge fireworks display; and, from Thanksgiving through December, a holiday light display. This week’s pumpkin event could instantly be a major draw. “I think it’s going to get a lot of publicity,” said Sherry Klatt, the city’s tourism and events coordinator. “It’s going to draw a lot of people and put Richland Center on the map.” +6 Wing Tech Bikes adds gas and gears to Wisconsin bike market Jeff Adams of Belmont has created a motorized bike with multiple gears +6 On Wisconsin: After years of debate and study, bridge over St. Croix River nears completion Building an enormous span of concrete and steel over the pristine current of a National Scenic Riverway took time, legal battles, studies, politicking and what could end up being nearly $640 million. +8 On Wisconsin: Elk return to Jackson County but are a tough find Spotting a 700-pound elk in a 320-square-mile area isn’t a guarantee, but the animal is building excitement along the Interstate 94 corridor of Jackson County. +10 On Wisconsin: Feud closes Mullen's Dairy Bar in Watertown; new location sought The owner is looking for a new location after a dispute with the landlord. +4 Green County Cheese Days offers much but is still about the cheese The three-day event started Friday and features some of the best cheese in the world, including the winner of the World Championship Cheese Contest. +7 On Wisconsin: Johnson Creek domed and ready and more could be on the way The middle and high school open under five domes on the village's west side. +10 On Wisconsin: Brats, jambalaya and Lambeau LSU and Badgers fans combine for a tailgating extravaganza around storied Lambeau Field. +9 On Wisconsin: Butter plant expansion leads to demise of Hillsboro airport The airport is about to close to make way for a warehouse for Land O'Lakes +6 On Wisconsin: Beyond the stick at the Wisconsin State Fair The Horticulture, Crafts & Culinary Pavilion offers a throwback experience +6 Paul Filipowicz plays a mean guitar and spreads the news on the blues The town of Aztalan musician is in the Chicago Blues Hall of Fame +12 On Wisconsin: Cemetery restoration in Mineral Point takes patience, persistence and epoxy Old City Cemetery, established in 1838, had its last burial in 1908 and is Mineral Point's oldest cemetery. Tags Pumpkin Bernadette Maglish Record Events Nancy Tiegs Richland Center High School Eniwa Happy Halloween Truck × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (1) comment (1) comment Machiavelli Oct 23, 2016 10:43am [yawn][yawn][yawn]Snoozers... this is news? [sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping][sleeping] Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Quick access to the news that matters most Get the latest news delivered to your inbox. Sign Up! Breaking News Receive news and emergency updates as soon as the stories unfold. Opinion Stay up to date on daily commentary and letters to the editor. Weather Expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather. Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles Wisconsin Democrats assess what went wrong, look ahead Trump's pick of Priebus puts spotlight on Wisconsin Anti-Trump protests continue in New York, LA, Philadelphia Business Directory Latest Local Offers Schumacher-Kish Funeral and Cremation Services Why Plan Ahead for your Funeral Service? For Personal Choice Updated Nov 14, 2016 Paradise Pool & Spa Thank you to all you have served! Paradise Pool and Spa in Onalaska and Bullfrog Spas is offering a $500 military rebate. Stop by for details! Updated Nov 14, 2016 ≫ things to do Nov 15 Story Time (ages 3-6) Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 6:30 pm Nov 15 Texas Hold-em Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 6:30 pm Nov 15 Viterbo Leadership at Noon talk by Milwaukee Bucks marketing coordinator Evan Dreger Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 12:00 pm Nov 15 Chapters Book Discussion: "Woman with a Secret" by Sophie Hannah Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 1:30 pm Nov 15 Three Rivers Knitting Guild Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 6:30 pm Nov 15 Little Movers story time Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 9:30 am Nov 15 West Salem Village Board Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Nov 15 Little Movers story time Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 10:30 am Nov 15 Chair yoga Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 12:00 pm Nov 15 Matt Mahlum Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event JOB BOARD VIEW ADS  > JOBS SENT TO YOUR EMAIL SEARCH ALL ADS Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Van Loon Animal Hospital W7683 Old Hwy 93, Holmen, La Crosse, WI 54636 Dahl Automotive - La Crosse 712 4th Street South, La Crosse, WI 54601 Ads La Crosse Escape Room 319 Main St Suite 100, La Crosse, WI 54601 Ads Cowboy Davids E11761 County Road P, La Farge, WI 54639 Currents Games 50 rising actors under 30 +25 Election 2016 Live Photos: A look back at Donald Trump's path to the presidency +6 Election 2016 Live How did Trump win? Seven theories that explain the upset Today In History, Nov. 15: Jefferson Memorial Today's Birthdays, Nov. 15: Ed Asner The SNL post-election opening that wasn't funny Your daily 6: Trump tells harassers to 'stop it,' Supermoon and tigers in the house Pope Francis gets Cubs hat, baseball from Chicago archbishop New exhibition celebrates the style of Princess Diana PK Blair Walsh runs out of chances, released by Minnesota Vikings The Latest: TVA bans burning in 7 states amid drought, fire TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: 'Knife fight' as Donald Trump builds Cabinet Video: Dozens of wildfires burning in Southeast Video: Pet owners turn to acupuncture to help injured animals Video: Pioneering PBS anchor Gwen Ifill dies News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2016 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
null
null
null
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds Real EstateColumnsInsiderMarketsLocal ProfilesRetail News Here's why Mike Ramos wants to be appointed California attorney general Sports Alexander: San Diego voting 'meh' on the Chargers News Near-record temps giving way to abrupt cool-down Entertainment Kenny Chesney, Shania Twain and Dierks Bentley top Stagecoach 2017 festival lineup Business Sprouts grocery grows Inland business The Hemet market is moving to a new, larger location and plans to open a store next year in Redlands Tweet    Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By FIELDING BUCK / STAFF WRITER Published: Oct. 21, 2016 Updated: Oct. 24, 2016 4:35 p.m. Sprouts grocery grows Inland business Print Photo Share Pin It More Galleries     Related article » SPROUTS OPENING When: 7 a.m. Wednesday, Oct. 26 Where: 2207 W. Florida Ave., Hemet Information: sprouts.com When Sprouts Farmers Market in Hemet opens on Wednesday, it will be three miles away from where it will close on Tuesday. Sprouts is relocating from State Street and Stetson Avenue to a revitalized shopping center on Florida Avenue. The new store will have the same staff as the store that is closing, plus additional hires, according to the Phoenix-based grocery chain. It will be almost twice as large as the one that is closing, occupying 30,000 square feet in a portion of what was once a Wal-Mart. A Burlington discount department store that officially opened Oct. 7 takes up the rest of the space. Features of the new store include: • A meat and deli service case with prepared side dishes, special meats and a juice and coffee bar. • An expanded produce department with more organic products. • An expanded vitamin department. Sprouts will celebrate the Florida Avenue opening with a 20 percent discount for the first 200 shoppers, dollar deals, coupons and free coffee and muffins, according to a news release. It has more than 250 stores in 13 states, with other Inland stores in Riverside, Corona, Rancho Cucamonga and Hemet. The grocer has signed on to anchor the Redlands Packing House District, a themed retail and restaurant center to be built at at Eureka Street and Stuart Avenue in Redlands. Construction of the center is expected to begin in January, with opening planned for late 2017. Sprouts describes itself as healthy grocery stores inspired by farmers markets. It is what experts call fresh format, a category that emphasizes produce and different selections from traditional supermarkets, often ethnic, natural or organic. Other fresh format stores in the Inland area include Barons Market in Temecula, Murrieta and Wildomar and the recently opened Simply Fresh in Corona. Sandra Emerson contributed to this report. Contact the writer: fbuck@scng.com or 951-368-9551. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Business Homepage Krispy Kreme doughnuts opens shop in Menifee What you need to know about a potential UPS strike Jack Brown remembered as friend and fighter in grocery industry COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
null
News Sports UK Sports Entertainment Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home News All News Business Communities Counties Crime Education Hot Topics Lexington Most Wanted Nation/World News Photos News Videos Politics Searchable Databases State Watchdog Columns Tom Eblen Sports All Sports UK Sports College Sports Next Cats Recruiting High School Horses Kentucky Speedway Lexington Legends Reds MLB NBA NASCAR NFL Sports Photos Sports Videos Columns John Clay's Columns Mark Story Next Cats Recruiting UK Sports All UK Sports Next Cats Recruiting Baseball Basketball - Men Basketball - Women Recruiting Ex-Cats Football UK Photos UK Videos More UK Sports Columns John Clay's Blog Mark Story Politics Politics Elections 2016 Entertainment All Entertainment Books Celebrities Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Music Restaurants Stage & Dance TV Visual Arts Entertainment Photos Entertainment Videos Blogs News Blogs Kentucky Weather Photo Archive Sports Blogs John Clay's Blog High School UK Football UK Men's Basketball UK Women's Basketball Lexington Legends Entertainment Blogs Rich Copley's Blog Walter Tunis on Music Opinion All Opinion Editorials Joel Pett Larry Dale Keeling Larry Webster Letters to the Editor National Columnists Op-Ed Submit a Letter Living All Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Fru-Gal: Deb Morris Health & Medicine Home & Garden Paul Prather Religion Travel Readers' Choice Obituaries Kentucky Obituaries Obituaries in the News Submit an Obituary Hot Topics Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us About Us E-edition Photo & Page Reprints RSS Feeds Special Sections Site Information Advertise With Us Circulars Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Local Deals Local Deals Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Homeseller Apartments Legal Notices Place an Ad Politics & Government October 21, 2016 4:21 PM Flush with cash, Andy Barr has avoided Nancy Jo Kemper — until now U.S. Rep. Andy Barr, R-Lexington, and Democratic challenger Nancy Jo Kemper. File photos. Herald-Leader Jonathan Palmer 1 of 3 i By John Cheves jcheves@herald-leader.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story On Monday, on the set of KET’s “Kentucky Tonight,” Nancy Jo Kemper will get her first chance to sit opposite U.S. Rep. Andy Barr, R-Lexington, the man against whom she spent most of this year campaigning. Barr has raised $2.2 million for his re-election, half of it from political action committees for banks, insurance companies, investment firms and others with a financial stake in his House votes. Separately, his leadership PAC has collected $240,275. He’s been able to buy plenty of advertising to promote himself while dodging live appearances with Kemper, his Democratic challenger. Barr seldom acknowledges Kemper outside of the attack ads he recently introduced. In one, his campaign spliced comments she made about the improving national economy — “So many wonderful things have been happening!” — against video of shadowy ISIS soldiers waving their rifles in the air. “Is Nancy Jo Kemper confused?” the narrator asks. “Nancy Jo Kemper: Too out of touch for Kentucky.” “It’s like campaigning against a ghost. We never actually see him,” Kemper said last week at her campaign headquarters, where she has raised $384,252 since filing to run in January. If she could ask Barr a question during Monday night’s program, Kemper said, “it would be, ‘Why has it been so important for you to raise so much money for your campaign fund and your private leadership PAC? Why haven’t you been representing the people of Kentucky?’” Barr, who is finishing his second term in Congress, did not respond to multiple requests to be interviewed for this article. In his campaign materials, Barr says he is representing the people of Central Kentucky’s 6th Congressional District by advocating for a smaller government that does less, costs less and interferes less. “As a conservative, Andy believes that limited government and free enterprise empower the American people with the greatest opportunity to pursue happiness, provide for their families and give their children a better life. He has consistently voted to reduce the size and scope of the federal government, to stop the president’s regulatory overreach and to preserve the rights guaranteed to the people in the Constitution,” his campaign website states. An analysis of Barr’s congressional record by the nonpartisan website GovTrack found that he has not had much success getting bills through the legislative process, and he seldom joins with the Democratic minority on bipartisan efforts. Ideologically, he’s one of the most conservative representatives based on the bills and resolutions he supports, according to GovTrack. Barr’s ideology has proven popular in Central Kentucky. Two years ago, he defeated a liberal Democratic challenger, Elisabeth Jensen, by a 20-point margin, winning all 19 counties in the district. His endorsements this year have included the National Rifle Association and the Commonwealth Policy Center, a religious conservative group that backed him because he opposes legalized abortion, same-sex marriage and federal directives on transgender bathroom use. “I think he represents the values of the people well,” said Richard Nelson, executive director of the Commonwealth Policy Center. “We take the view that our rights come from God — we believe in the sanctity of life, we believe in religious freedom — and Andy Barr has stood strongly for these issues that are what we call the pillars of our society.” Stark contrasts Kemper is religious herself. She’s pastor at New Union Christian Church in Woodford County and spent 18 years as executive director of the Kentucky Council of Churches. But she’s no conservative. On nearly every controversial issue, Kemper stands in stark contrast to Barr. He’s against a higher minimum wage; she’s for it, calling for $15 an hour to start, with increases for inflation. He opposes legalized abortion; she supports it. He has voted dozens of times to repeal the Affordable Care Act; she praises the law for opening the doctor’s office to the working poor and people with pre-existing medical conditions. Barr says he has voted in favor of cutting trillions of dollars in federal spending, particularly from domestic programs. Kemper talks about the need for new vocational training courses and infrastructure repair projects that could gainfully employ jobless Americans while upgrading the nation’s roads, bridges, water systems and other public facilities. “I’m thinking here of our coal miners who know how to work with heavy machinery,” she said last week. Kemper describes Barr as a privileged “country club kid” who doesn’t understand his constituents’ everyday troubles. Barr’s sympathies lie with wealthy special interests, especially if they give him campaign donations, she said. The difference is, I would put human need over corporate greed. I’m tired as a citizen of subsidizing companies like Wal-Mart, which has one of the biggest budgets and profit margins in the country, and yet they have workers who are so poorly paid they qualify for food stamps and Medicaid, which the government provides. Nobody who works full-time in this country should be living in poverty. Nancy Jo Kemper, Democratic nominee for Kentucky’s 6th Congressional District “The difference is, I would put human need over corporate greed,” she said. “I’m tired as a citizen of subsidizing companies like Wal-Mart, which has one of the biggest budgets and profit margins in the country, and yet they have workers who are so poorly paid they qualify for food stamps and Medicaid, which the government provides. Nobody who works full-time in this country should be living in poverty.” Barr’s re-election campaign has taken $3,000 from Wal-Mart’s PAC. Barr says he opposes raising the minimum wage because that would force employers to lay off workers or cut hours. Citing the same concerns, he voted last month to stall the U.S. Department of Labor’s extension of overtime pay to more than four million additional workers. “While the Department of Labor bureaucrats claim that the overtime rule will improve economic conditions for middle-class employees, this onerous regulation on businesses, educational institutions and nonprofits will have the exact opposite effect by reducing job opportunities and limiting hours for many workers,” Barr said on the House floor. Over the summer, Barr co-wrote the House Republicans’ anti-poverty plan, which called for more work requirements and time limits on public benefits for the poor. The federal government might turn over programs, such as food stamps, disability payments and public housing, to the states in the form of block grants, while encouraging states to narrow eligibility and eliminate fraud, he suggested. Overall, he said, the federal war on poverty has been an expensive failure. “The number of Americans living in poverty has increased by nearly seven million during the Obama administration,” Barr says in his campaign materials. It’s not clear where Barr found that number — he cites no source and his office would not comment — but the U.S. Census Bureau says he’s wrong. The number of Americans living in poverty has fallen by 446,000 since Barack Obama entered the White House in January 2009, according to the bureau. And that’s with a population growth of 15 million people. The percentage of Americans living in poverty has dropped from 14.3 to 13.5. Defending the banks Inside Washington, Barr’s signature issue is banking deregulation. As a member of the House Financial Services Committee, Barr made numerous attempts to dismantle the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the watchdog agency it created, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. He criticizes the CFPB for “making it harder for Kentuckians to get a loan to buy a house, start or expand a business and invest in their communities.” But sometimes he runs into obstacles. In September, Barr’s committee held a hearing to discuss the scandal at Wells Fargo, which illegally charged customers $1.5 million in fees after it secretly opened two million sham accounts in their names. The CFPB was among the investigating agencies that socked Wells Fargo with a record-setting $185 million in fines. At the hearing, Barr urged Wells Fargo chief executive John Stumpf to consider how the controversy could set back his deregulation efforts. “This scandal has painted a bad picture for the entire banking sector,” Barr told Stumpf. “We’ve been fighting for regulatory relief for these small community banks and these credit unions that frankly represent competition to big banks like you. So what I worry about are these small community banks and credit unions that are now going to have to deal with the ramifications of the bad acts of your institution.” “Well, again,” Stumpf replied, “I’m sorry for what we did.” While the Department of Labor bureaucrats claim that the overtime rule will improve economic conditions for middle-class employees, this onerous regulation on businesses, educational institutions and nonprofits will have the exact opposite effect by reducing job opportunities and limiting hours for many workers. U.S. Rep. Andy Barr, R-Lexington If elected, Kemper said, she would defend the Dodd-Frank Act. Congress passed the law in response to the 2008 financial sector collapse that brought on a global recession. It placed new lending and capitalization requirements on banks and prohibited them from engaging in risky investments with their assets. The banks that have poured hundreds of thousands of dollars into Barr’s campaigns resent the restrictions on some of their lucrative activities, she said. “Dodd-Frank is protecting consumers and keeping us from having another financial meltdown like we had in 2008,” Kemper said. Kemper’s uphill climb Barr’s television commercials prominently feature the threat posed by ISIS overseas and the drug addiction epidemic at home. For the former, Barr says he helps fight ISIS as a member of the Financial Service Committee’s Bipartisan Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, which has met six times this year. For the latter, Barr says a drug abuse task force he organized in his district contributed several ideas to a Senate drug abuse bill that Obama signed into law. That law, the Comprehensive Addictions and Recovery Act of 2016, is supposed to expand addiction education and prevention efforts, strengthen treatment options and widen access to overdose medications. However, Obama, congressional Democrats and some medical groups had asked for $1.1 billion in federal spending to go along with it. Republican leaders agreed to provide only $181 million. Kemper said Barr’s drug abuse commercial is an example of him dishonestly taking credit to conceal the fact that he’s been ineffective for two terms. “His ad on opioid addiction, he says he’s got this task force and the recommendations went into this legislation that was passed,” she said. “But guess what? The Republicans haven’t funded that legislation. So they’ve kind of spoken with forked tongue.” Kemper’s challenge will be convincing enough voters to send her to Washington as Barr’s replacement. The 6th Congressional District is considered a likely Republican hold by Washington political analysts. Neither the Kentucky Democratic Party nor the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee have done much to assist Kemper. Their money is going to races they consider more competitive. And it’s unknown whether the district’s voters are closely following this race. In 2014, more than half of them didn’t cast a ballot for U.S. representative, allowing Barr to be re-elected by just 28 percent of the registered voters. However, Kemper’s campaign manager, Sellus Wilder, said Barr wouldn’t bother paying for attack ads if he wasn’t nervous. The Kemper campaign’s internal polling showed Barr’s favorability rating under 50 percent even before Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump began his recent slump in national polls, tainting the GOP’s brand as a whole, Wilder said. “If opposing a higher minimum wage and attacking the war on poverty were really winning issues in this district, then Andy would be campaigning on that stuff instead of making up silly attack ads about ISIS,” Wilder said. Speaking of Trump, who is favored to carry Kentucky, Kemper said she can appeal to some Trump supporters with her agenda to help the working poor. Many of Trump’s followers believe that Washington politicians like Barr don’t care about their economic struggle, she said. “The populist anger that we see at this moment is, to my pastor’s heart, a cover for two things: One is fear and the other is hurt,” she said. “The fear is about the radical kind of change that they’re afraid is happening to the culture as it diversifies, as we see the kind of demographic changes that are happening. There’s a fear of losing ground. The second, the hurt, is this feeling that the country they love and its government have not been there for them, that it’s failed them.” John Cheves: 859-231-3266, @BGPolitics Garland Hale “Andy” Barr IV Party: Republican Born: July 24, 1973 Residence: Lexington Education: Bachelor’s degree in government and philosophy, University of Virginia; law degree, University of Kentucky College of Law Occupation: Congressman Elected office: U.S. House, 2013 to present Family: Married (Eleanor Carol Leavell), two daughters Website: Andybarrforcongress.com Nancy Jo Kemper Party: Democrat Born: May 6, 1942 Residence: Lexington Education: Bachelor’s degree in English and history, Transylvania University; master’s of divinity in theology, Yale University Occupation: Pastor, New Union Christian Church Family: Divorced, two daughters Website: Kemperforcongress.com Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Politics & Government Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:41 Bevin on #newmajority Pause 0:34 Gov. Bevin says 'good riddance' to political foe Greg Stumbo 0:40 GOP reacts to Stumbo loss 1:24 How the GOP recruited Kentucky House candidates 2:50 Senate President Robert Stivers predicts GOP control of state House 0:40 Sen. Rand Paul criticizes FBI Director James Comey 1:41 Supporters rally for Rand Paul and Jim Gray outside KET 1:03 Andy Barr praises new Obama anti-poverty program 1:36 Bevin's chief of staff responds to Stumbo's investigation 2:49 Stumbo appoints panel to investigate alleged Bevin threats 0:37 'Trump's shenanigans' won't affect Ky. House races, voter says Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago House Speaker-elect Jeff Hoover: GOP 'up for the task' of governing 0:52 5 days ago House Speaker-elect Jeff Hoover: GOP 'up for the task' of governing 1:41 7 days ago Bevin on #newmajority 0:34 7 days ago Gov. Bevin says 'good riddance' to political foe Greg Stumbo View more video Politics & Government Post-election stress hits Lexington immigrants and students Ethics agency fines Tim Longmeyer $5,000 for bribery scheme With signs of Trump backing, Ryan set to be speaker again Giuliani emerges as favorite for Trump's secretary of state Matt Bevin has raised $325,000 for 2015 election since winning it Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Delivery Vacation Stop Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Options Advertising Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Local Shopping / Coupons Special Publications Digital Solutions Media Kit Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Delivery Vacation Stop Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Options Advertising Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Local Shopping / Coupons Special Publications Digital Solutions Media Kit More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 52° Overcast North Andover, MA (01845) Today Cloudy with periods of rain. Thunder possible. High 52F. Winds NE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%.. Tonight A steady rain this evening. Showers continuing overnight. Thunder is possible early. Low 48F. Winds E at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 12:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Local News Feaster Five: Hoyts, Bill Rodgers and Joan Benoit meet-and-greet headline expo 1 hr ago Hassan announces key staff positions Fire officials: Electrical wiring cause of Pleasant Street fire Father flees traffic stop, leaves 2-year-old alone in car Rivera nominates DOT engineer to run DPW Coffee with a Cop in Andover planned Art Market open Saturday From Haverhill to the Celtics court Motorcycle club gives Derry boy a lift Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Local News Feaster Five: Hoyts, Bill Rodgers and Joan Benoit meet-and-greet headline expo 1 hr ago Talented Clements duo the latest in long line for Andover Girls Basketball: Andover tops Raiders for title CLASH OF TITANS Vart: Renaissance man who loved sports Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: Central Catholic football, Greater Lawrence boys cross country Soccer Scoring Leaders State Tourney Scoreboard Celtics can't come back vs. lowly Pelicans Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Souza-Roy Engagement Oct 16, 2016 Noyes Anniversary Jackson Anniversary Evangelista-Read Engagement Club News Reunions Community Calendar Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Our view: New pot law a challenge for cities and towns 5 hrs ago Sound Off Letter: Blame the media for Hillary Clinton's defeat Letter: A month to honor home care and hospice professionals Letter: Tuscan Kitchen honors vets with Veterans Day feast Letter: Trump's tax cuts will crash the economy Our view: Still praying for rain — or snow Sound Off Liberal hysteria over Trump's victory is despicable Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices AP Suspicious box left in shopping cart contains propane tank Oct 22, 2016 HUDSON, N.H. (AP) — Police in Hudson say a suspicious package left in a store shopping cart has turned out to be a propane tank. Officers were called to a Wal-Mart store shortly before 4 p.m. Saturday after a brown box sealed with packing tape was found in a cart near the store's main entrance. The parking lot was closed and store personnel rerouted shoppers through a side door. The Nashua Police Department's bomb squad used a robot to take the package. An X-ray determined it had a propane tank inside. Business resumed at the store about two hours later. Police are attempting to identify the owner of the tank. Tags General News Locations Hudson New Hampshire United States North America We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week +5 Seaglass Shore condos offer beach living year-round By Sarah Ashley Pratt  Advertising correspondent Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Police: Lawrence man had 100 grams of heroin in Plaistow Fire forces evacuation of Lawrence school 5-car crash on I-495 halts traffic Police: Meth lab found at Derry auto business Police officer, husband of chief, charged with raping male inmate NH school bus drivers to vote on possible strike tonight 1 MedFlighted after I-495 crash Fire in historic Methuen building displaces a dozen people Salem officer: 'I gave in to temptation' Police investigate death of man hit by car Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Microsoft, Boeing Lead DJIA Higher Monday By Paul Ausick October 24, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet October 24, 2016: Markets opened higher Monday following the weekend’s announcements of several big mergers and a solid earnings report from DJIA component 3M. Several big tech names are due out this week, led by Apple on Tuesday with Amazon and Google out Thursday. WTI crude oil for December delivery settled at $50.52 a barrel, down 0.7%. December gold slipped 0.4% on the day to settle at $1,263.70. Equities were headed for a higher close before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.42% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.44%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.91%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) which traded up 2.07% at $60.90. The stock’s 52-week range is $48.04 to $60.93, and the high was posted late Monday. Volume of 39.5 million was more than 1.5 times the daily average of around 24.3 million shares. The software giant had no specific news Monday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded up 1.44% at $137.58. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $150.59. Trading volume was about equal to the daily average of around 3.1 million. The aerospace giant had no specific news. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) traded up 1.16% at $69.13. The stock’s 52-week range is $56.30 to $75.19. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 8.5 million shares. The retail giant had no news Monday. The Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) traded up 1.01% at $42.56. The stock’s 52-week range is $40.75 to $47.13. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 11.8 million shares. The soft drinks maker had no specific news Monday. Of the 30 Dow index stocks 21 are on track to close higher Monday and 9 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Myovant Closes in on IPO Bristol-Myers, Kimberly-Clark Join Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Worst Companies to Work For The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana Recent Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures What to Expect From Target Earnings More Than Half of Americans Got No Pay Raise in the Past Year Retail Sales Off to Strong Start in Q4, a Good Sign for GDP Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Globant SA Are Getting Crushed Today Energy Transfer Partners LP's Key Bakken Pipeline Hits Another Roadblock Why Shares of Advance Auto Parts Are Soaring 14% 10-year down 4.6 basis points at 2.215% Treasury yields little-changed after business inventories CORRECT: Business inventories rise 0.1% in September, Commerce Department says 5 Growth Stocks to Invest Right Now for Significant Gains ETF Asset Flow in Election Week Your Two Minute Earnings Preview for Lowe's (LOW) Stock A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Why Square's Operating Margin Will Continue to Improve Prudential's fund arms to use BlackRock's Aladdin platform Better Buy: Caterpillar Inc. vs. United Technologies United Will Start Charging Some Passengers To Use Overhead Bins Ivanka Trump's Brand Is 'Discussing New Policies' In Light Of Promotional Misfire 11 Reasons Why Trump’s Climate-Denying EPA Guy Could Spell Disaster For The Environment Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds subscribe Site Archive Community service project Monday Oct 24, 2016 at 5:00 PM Bent County Correctional Facility decided in partnership with community and businesses to give back to their community and Las Animas. By Keith Proctor Bent County Correctional Facility decided in partnership with community and businesses to give back to their community and Las Animas. Sandra Brown (Warden's Assistant) was very instrumental in coordinating a housing project for a local family. Bent County had approximately 16 employees along with family who joined together to paint and do some needed repairs around the project home on Oct. 15. A couple of volunteers from the facility had previously replaced the bathroom floor, and through donation it was possible to put a new roof on the carport. The house is also scheduled to have gutters and all new windows installed. All this was possible through the generous donations of supplies by local businesses. Among the contributors are: TNT hardware, La Junta Trading, Ordway Building Supply, Walmart, Becerra Roofing, Graphic Designs, Thaxton's Market, Ark Valley Lumber, Straight Line Seamless Gutters, Dairy Queen, Morgan and Sons Glass, Lions Club of Las Animas, Las Animas Nursing Home and the Baptist Church of Las Animas. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Market Place Cars Community Info Bent County Sports & Recreation Bent County Recreation Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. BC Democrat Online - Las Animas, CO ~ 510 Carson Ave., Las Animas, CO 81054 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Headline Voter Registration Fraud in the GOP: Where do Romney-Ryan Stand? Headline Politics Voting Laws Voter Registration Fraud in the GOP: Where do Romney-Ryan Stand? By Unai Montes-Irueste - 2:13am September 28, 2012 918 8 SHARE Facebook Twitter To quote the GOP, “Oh sh*t!” Strategic Allied Consulting, a right-wing voter registration and get out the vote (GOTV) firm run by veteran GOP consultant Nathan Sproul, has been fired the Republican National Committee, (RNC) the Republican Party of Florida, the Republican Party of North Carolina, and the Republican Party of Virginia, upon news that Palm Beach County, Florida’s Supervisor of Elections initially identifying 106 out of 304 voter registration forms as potentially fraudulent. The forms were flagged for what appeared to be phony signatures, and the use of bogus home addresses that matched the street names and numbers corresponding to a gas station, a medical building and a Land Rover dealership. According to Federal Election Committee records, the Republican Party of Florida has paid Sproul’s firm $1.3 thus far this year, and the RNC has paid the group approximately $3 million for work in Nevada, North Carolina, Colorado, and Virginia. GOP officials and the attorney for Sproul’s firm have issued the following statements: “We have zero tolerance for any threat to the integrity of elections. When we were informed of an alleged incident we immediately cut all ties to the company,” said RNC Communications Director, Sean Spicer. “We immediately informed the RNC that we were terminating the contract with the voter-registration vendor we haired at their request because there is no place for voter-registration fraud in Florida,” said Republican Party of Florida Executive Director, Mike Grissom. “Strategic has a zero tolerance policy for breaking the law… We were able to trace all questionable cards to one individual and immediately terminated our working relationship with the individual in question. Strategic… will continue to cooperate with the Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections to ensure that this issue is resolved,” said Strategic Allied Consulting attorney, Fred Petti. Taking no chances, Sproul’s firm has pulled down its website. Any attempt to visit the online home of Strategic Allied Consulting will be met by a splash page containing the statement quoted above that clicks through to a recurring “not found” error message. The Electoral College map projected by Real Clear Politics, reflecting national poll averages and accompanying trends, now shows President Obama with a projected 265 electoral votes. The path to the presidency requires 270 electoral votes. Assuming the accuracy of Real Clear Politics’ model, seven swing states are the most hotly contested, and critical: Colorado, Iowa, Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina and Virginia. It is unclear what cutting ties with Sproul’s firm will mean to the Romney operation. But if Strategic Allied Consulting is found to be guilty of voter registration fraud in Florida, it opens the door to challenges to the work they’ve done in other battlegrounds, namely, Colorado, Nevada, North Carolina, and Virginia. This is not the first time smoke has been smelled around Sproul’s firm. As reported by The Nation, “Sproul… is infamous for accusations that his firms have committed fraud by tampering with Democratic voter registration forms and suppressing votes… Brad Friedman has put up a history of Sproul’s companies, and their work for Republican interests. They range from antics like gathering signatures to put Nader on the ballot and being banned from Walmart for partisan voting drives to more serious offenses, like allegedly destroying Democratic registration forms in several states while on the payroll of the RNC… In 2004, a voter registration worker in Nevada hired by Sproul’s firm told reporters that he had witnessed his surpervisors chucking registration forms signed by Democrats. ‘They were thrown away in the trash,’ he claimed. Sproul’s canvassers in Oregon confessed to doing the same thing, and other reports emerged across several swing states. In Minnesota, workers said they were actually fired for bringing in registration forms signed by Democrats. CBS News obtained faxes showing that Sproul’s firm had even impersonated the left-leaning America Votes! to organize voter registration drives at libraries… Sam Stein reported that in 2004, Senators Patrick Leahy and Ted Kennedy had demanded an investigation in light of the many reports of Sproul’s firm destroying registration forms. But the Department of Justice sat on its hands. ‘Sproul & Associates clearly merited a full investigation by the Justice Department; and yet the DoJ did nothing,’ said New York University law professor Mark Miller at the Cannon hearing… As Congress and ethics experts loudly called for investigations into Sproul’s voter suppression, the Bush administration literally welcomed Sproul and his wife into the White House for a Christmas party in 2006—while almost only prosecuting groups associated with registering low-income and poor Americans to vote.” Ongoing battles over the impact of hyper-partisan state redistricting maps, new curtailments on third party voter registration, early voting limits, fewer vote by mail opportunities, and requirements to present state issued photo identification cards before being allowed to vote reflect the cynicism of white Americans about the role Americans of color will play in the electorate. Lest we forget, the majority of Republicans do not believe that President Obama actually won the election in 2008. And 55% of Republicans believe that Barack Obama is not a US born citizen and therefore not qualified to be President. These facts notwithstanding, when Republican legislators introduced 180 restrictive bills in 41 states, beginning in 2011 they did so in the name of “stopping election fraud.” Based on the current allegations of illegal and unethical practices against Strategic Allied Consulting, and Sproul’s history of shenanigans, the real questions are: What do all of these legislators, beginning with, House Republican Leader Mike Turzai, have to say about these charges? Where do the chief beneficiaries of this fraud and abuse, GOP-nominee, Mitt Romney, and sidekick, Paul Ryan, stand? TAGS (RNC) the Republican Party of Florida a medical building and a Land Rover dealership. According to Federal Election Committee records a right-wing voter registration and get out the vote (GOTV) firm run by veteran GOP consultant Nathan Sproul Americans of color and requirements to present state issued photo identification cards before being allowed to vote reflect the cynicism of white Americans about the role Americans of color will play in the electorate. and sidekick and Sproul's history of shenanigans and the Republican Party of Virginia and the RNC has paid the group approximately $3 million for work in Nevada and the use of bogus home addresses that matched the street names and numbers corresponding to a gas station and Virginia. Based on the current allegations of illegal and unethical practices against Strategic Allied Consulting beginning in 2011 they did so in the name of "stopping election fraud." beginning with Colorado early voting limits Federal Election Committee fewer vote by mail opportunities Florida’s Supervisor of Elections initially identifying 106 out of 304 voter registration forms as potentially fraudulent. The forms were flagged for what appeared to be phony signatures GOP nominee GOTV has been fired the Republican National Committee have to say about these charges? Where do the chief beneficiaries of this fraud and abuse hese facts notwithstanding House Republican Leader Mike Turzai majority of Republicans Mike Grissom Mitt Romney Nevada new curtailments on third party voter registration North Carolina Ongoing battles over the impact of hyper-partisan state redistricting maps paul ryan President Obama Romney-Ryan Sean Spicer STAND Strategic Allied Consulting the majority of Republicans do not believe that President Obama actually won the election in 2008. And 55% of Republicans believe that Barack Obama is not a US born citizen and therefore not qualified the real questions are: What do all of these legislators the Republican Party of Florida has paid Sproul’s firm $1.3 thus far this year the Republican Party of North Carolina upon news that Palm Beach County Virginia voter registration fraud when Republican legislators introduced 180 restrictive bills in 41 states SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleObama vs. Romney: Poll Exposes Myths About White Working Class Voters Next articleTo Be Equal Occupy the Vote – No Bullies at the Polls Unai Montes-Irueste Unai Montes-Irueste has worked as a management consultant, nonprofit executive, community organizer, and classroom teacher, seeking to elevate the capacity of individuals, organizations, and communities to make change. As a social-political-racial-economic justice champion, he advocates on behalf of high quality, Pre-K through college, publicly funded, equitable education for all. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Headline Charter Provides Opportunity for More Minority-Focused Media Coverage Headline Ignorance, Bigotry, Misogyny and Hatred Trumps a “Post-Racial” America Headline A Lifetime of Service – She Has Our Back! 8 COMMENTS Ronald G. Kirchem 3:01am September 28, 2012 at 3:01 am So this is surprising? The GOP believes in democracy – as long as you are white, male, straight, and rich – no others need apply. Reply Ana 3:36am September 28, 2012 at 3:36 am They will stop at nothing, the only fraud that I see is the Republicans relentles effort to keep Democrats from winning.They keep saying that they are the values Party. Where is the integrity, , the honesty the fairness? With the history of lack of ethics they can not claim that it was the fault of one individual. Reply Airpuff 4:11am September 28, 2012 at 4:11 am These Republicans may hire signature collectors who throw away Democrat voter registration forms, and no surprise there. But when it comes to throwing away elections, Mitt Romney handles that task all by himself. Reply Midday open thread | Hotspyer – Breaking News from around the web 7:38pm September 29, 2012 at 7:38 pm […] more than $ 4 million to register voters in key battleground states, after it was discovered that 106 out of 304 voter registrations submitted by one of SACs subcontractors in just one Florida count… were bogus. The complaint of “BS registrations” has now been repeated in several other […] Reply Midday open thread - Online Political Blog 10:08pm September 29, 2012 at 10:08 pm […] more than $4 million to register voters in key battleground states, after it was discovered that 106 out of 304 voter registrations submitted by one of SACs subcontractors in just one Florida count… were bogus. The complaint of “BS registrations” has now been repeated in several other […] Reply spellbound tanning lotion 11:21pm September 5, 2016 at 11:21 pm As I website owner I conceive the subject material here is very great, thank you for your efforts. Reply yoga burn program system 3:49pm September 13, 2016 at 3:49 pm Excellent beat ! I would like to apprentice even as you amend your site, how can i subscribe for a blog website? The account aided me a appropriate deal. I have been tiny bit familiar of this your broadcast offered vivid transparent idea Reply takes passport photographs 6:11pm October 24, 2016 at 6:11 pm I don’t even know the way I stopped up here, but I believed this post used to be great. I don’t recognise who you are however certainly you are going to a famous blogger when you aren’t already. Cheers! Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks John McCain, Lindsey Graham and the Susan Rice Debacle Chris Williams - 11:30am December 15, 2012 Wisconsin Bars Make you Face Jim Crow to get a Jim Beam Jason Johnson - 7:00pm November 21, 2011 Google Ads — Racial Profiling? Reniqua Allen - 6:00pm October 2, 2011 Assault on Unions is An Attack on Basic Civil Rights Guest Contributor - 9:30pm February 27, 2011 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS Democratic Party at Weakest Point Since 1938 and New Leaders are... 9:32pm November 14, 2016 Legacy Civil Rights Leaders React to Trump Win, Talk About Black... 1:12pm November 14, 2016 Mr. Nice Guy Strikes Again: Why Hasn’t Obama Asked Comey to... 7:49am November 14, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2237 Politics1994 National1879 News1247 Culture994 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
null
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Kroger expands online ordering service at North Alabama grocery store LR2165KRO_Click_it54580.jpg Kroger is now offering ClickList in Huntsville and Madison. (Courtesy) Print Email Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com By Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com AL.com Follow on Twitter on October 24, 2016 at 2:42 PM, updated October 24, 2016 at 5:56 PM comments Kroger is expanding its online ordering system just weeks after unveiling the service at a new grocery store in Madison. The new Kroger on 4579 Wall Triana Highway was the first local store to offer ClickList, an online ordering service. (Courtesy) The chain said the 7090 University Drive location is now offering ClickList, which allows shoppers to select the items they want online and arrange a pickup time at the store. The service debuted last month at the new Kroger on 4579 Wall Triana Highway. Spokeswoman Melissa Eads told AL.com ClickList may be available at other North Alabama locations in the future. "We do not have any more planned in the Huntsville area this year, but we continue to expand this service so would expect more stores to be added in the future," she said. How does it work? To place an order, Kroger customers must visit www.kroger.com/clicklist and create a shopping list. They then select a pick-up time and place the order. A Kroger associate will handpick the order and place it in a temperature-controlled area, where it will be stored until the customer arrives. The employee later loads the order into the customer's vehicle in a designated pick-up lane outside the store. Customers can place an online order with a computer or mobile phone and pay for it from their car. Kroger said coupons that are electronically linked to a customer's loyalty card will be redeemed automatically, while paper coupons will also be deducted at the time of pick-up. If an item is not available in store, the Kroger associate will offer a substitution, which the customer may accept or decline. Pharmacy prescriptions are not included in the ClickList program. Kroger is currently waiving the $4.95 ClickList service charge for each customer's first three online orders. 'Overwhelmingly positive' The Ohio grocer isn't the first company to utilize online ordering and local pickup. Walmart, which has been testing a similar service in the Huntsville area since early 2015, recently launched a store, fuel station and drive-thru for online grocery pickup on 7520 U.S. 72 West. Last fall, Birmingham-based Shipt began offering same-day grocery delivery from Publix stores in Huntsville and Madison. The expansion created more than 100 "shopper" positions to handpick and deliver orders to customers. Kroger E-Commerce Manager Mark Abernethy said his company has been rapidly expanding ClickList for a couple of years and the feedback from customers has been "overwhelmingly positive." "Senior citizens, parents with young children, and busy professionals all appreciate this new convenience," he said. "We are excited about continuing to grow this service in the Huntsville area." Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Please upgrade your browser for the best Refinery29 experience. Read more. Jump to header Jump to navigation Jump to footer Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Holiday Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News The Skinny Sh*tty Boyfriends Behind The Seams Style Out There The Walker Shatterbox Anthology All R29 Series uk de Search search x Sign Up Choose Your Editions Shopping Germany New York UK Everywhere Chicago Los Angeles San Francisco Oops! That's not a real email address. Now we're email buddies! You have chosen to receive our #NAMED_LISTS# newsletters at #EMAIL_ADDRESS#. You will receive an e-mail shortly confirming your subscription. So excited to have you! xoxo, Refinery 29 Follow @refinery29 Refinery29 X Want all this in your inbox? Get the Refinery29 Newsletter Oops! Enter Your Email Again Sign Up You're in for a treat... Thanks for signing up! Saved! Access Favorites in your account profile. Removed from my favorites What Do The Women Of The Walking Dead Do When They Get Their Periods? Begin Photo Illustration by Louisa Cannel. SHARE IT comments See All Slides Oct 24, 2016 4:00 PM Anne Cohen I’ve often wondered how I would fare in a zombie apocalypse. Would I run? (Probably.) Would I hide? (Most likely.) Would I sacrifice friends and family in order to save myself? (Not gonna lie, maybe.) But one thing’s for sure: As a woman, I would have several concerns about this brave new world. It’s all well and good for the men of The Walking Dead — at least, as far as it can be when you’re trying to survive in a world where dead humans eat you. The Ricks and Daryls and yes, even teenage Carls of the world can get as dirty and disheveled as they like. If they have to flee, leaving behind the meager possessions they’ve managed to hold on to, so be it. They’re men. They don’t have a monthly concern about bleeding out of their vagina or face constant pressure about perfectly groomed eyebrows. But if your name is Maggie, Carol, or Rosita, forget it. Before you can ditch whatever new home you've made for yourself that season, you need to grab the tampons, razor, granny panties you found that one time at a burnt-down Walmart, and maybe the baking soda, since you're also expected to cook for all those Ricks, Daryls, and Carls. Oh, and don't forget Judith's formula and onesies. You know Rick forgot those. Click through for my very pressing logistical questions for the ladies of The Walking Dead. Begin Slideshow SHARE IT SHARE IT SHARE IT SHARE IT SHARE IT Entertainment | TV Shows | The Walking Dead | Walking Dead Female Characters Survival, Hygiene Needs More from TV TV Here's When Westworld Will Return Michael Hafford Nov 14, 2016 TV The Simpsons Responds To The Election Sesali Bowen Nov 14, 2016 TV Guess Who That's So Raven Is Bringing Back? Carolyn L. Todd Nov 14, 2016 Watch The First Episode Of Search Party Here (Paid Content) Every so often, a new show comes along that promises to indulge our taste for mystery (even if it causes us to fantasize about leaving our ... Sophie Ross Nov 7, 2016 TV The Ups & Downs Good Girls Revolt Elizabeth Kiefer Nov 14, 2016 TV Ashley's New Project Gives Us ALL The Feels Ashley Benson Nov 14, 2016 TV A Sneak Peek At This Week's American Housewife Sesali Bowen Nov 14, 2016 Why This Good Behavior Character Is No Antihero Colleen Barrett Nov 11, 2016 TV Is Ford Building A Host To Replace Theresa? Anne Cohen Nov 14, 2016 TV The Real Reason I Hate Negan Sesali Bowen Nov 14, 2016 TV Rick's Baby Judith Bombshell Spoiler Alert: This article contains spoilers from last night's episode of The Walking Dead. Read at your own risk. You can stop wondering whether Maury Povich survived the zombie apocalypse. Turns out Rick Grimes doesn't need a paternity test as far as Baby Judith is concerned. Last night's episode saw Andrew Lincoln's... Erin Donnelly Nov 14, 2016 TV The Walking Dead Season 7, Episode 4: Service Chris Kaye Nov 13, 2016 TV Keeping Up With The Kardashians Recap Leigh Raper Nov 13, 2016 TV Divorce Episode 6 Recap: 'Tis The Season Arianna Davis Nov 13, 2016 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Contact Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS Back to header Back to navigation Back to footer  
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Investigations Politics The Take DC Dialogue Business Consumer Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings Watch Necn Live at Noon and 5 p.m. 52° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Visit our partner sites Send us Videos and Pictures Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy The day’s top national and international news Students Beaten, Horse Punched in Mob at Univ. in Philly As many as 100 young people were involved in disturbances with some carrying out attacks on students, police and a police animal, authorities said By Vince Lattanzio UP NEXT X New Surveillance Video of Mob Style Attack at Temple University Link Embed Email Copy Close Link to this video false Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=398287831&videoID=4FkDeeSb8SR1&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=national-international&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» NBC10 obtained new surveillance video of a mob style attack that injured three students, a campus officer and a police horse at Temple University Friday. Four teens were arrested in connection to the attack. (Published Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016) Four juveniles were arrested in a series of flash mob-style attacks on Temple University's campus this weekend that left students and police officers hurt, police and university officials said. Groups of young people, estimated to number between 20 to 100, roved the school's North Philadelphia campus Friday night for nearly two hours causing havoc, authorities said. 4 Killed on River Rapids Ride at Australian Theme Park Students were punched and kicked, an officer tossed to the ground and stones were thrown at passing cars, police said. Officers from three agencies — the Philadelphia Police Department, Temple University police and SEPTA police —responded to the incidents. As many as six Temple students were hurt in the attacks as they walked around campus between 8 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. that night, along with a university police officer and a Philadelphia police horse.  Top News Photos: Orangutan Conservation, Mosul and More One student, who was not identified, told the college news site The Tab she was walking with her boyfriend near 16th and Oxford streets around 8 p.m. when they were attacked by two kids. The student told the news site her boyfriend was able to run away but she was grabbed by the hair and beaten on her head and back. 'Weed World Candies' Truck Catches Fire on Bridge “I somehow got to the other side of Oxford Street by the time they got me to the ground. I remember shoes coming for my face and after that I heard other kids from the group saying ‘Yo chill, yo chill, it’s just a girl’ and they pulled my attackers off me," she reportedly said. Police said a 20-year-old man also fell victim to an attack by kids from this group. 'Perfect Storm' Rescue Ship to Be Sunk to Help Grow Reef At 9 p.m., a Temple police officer was tossed to the ground, landing on top of her patrol bike, while trying to apprehend a 15-year-old boy who was seen throwing rocks at cars driving along Broad Street, police said. The teen was running from officers when he attacked the patrolwoman, police said. She suffered bruises to her leg and a scrape to her knee. The teen was apprehended a block away. 'Go Give Him a Hug': Officer Honored for Saving 3-Year-Old About 10 minutes later, a 15-year-old teen walked up to an equine officer and punched the animal in the head and face at Broad Street and Cecil B. Moore Avenue, police said. The mounted officer had been dispatched to help disperse as many as 100 kids at that corner. He was arrested following a short chase. 'He Has a Gun!': Civilian Shot at During Police Ride-Along Another attack happened about 10 minutes after that, around 9:20 p.m., along the 1700 block of Cecil B. Moore Avenue. Three teens, an 18-year-old girl and two 19-year-old boys, were beaten down by as many as 30 young people, police said. The girl suffered scrapes and cuts to her legs. Her cellphone was smashed and debit card stolen. Between the boys, an iPhone, wallet, backpack and Bluetooth wireless speaker was taken, according to police. Cops Probe Disappearance of Beyonce Backup Dancer The suspects in this attack have not yet been arrested. In all, as many as 50 juveniles were taken into custody and four — ranging in age from 15 to 17 years old — were charged with crimes. The charges include aggravated assault, robbery and assaulting a police officer. Smoked Pot? No College? The Police Still Might Hire You Temple spokesman Ray Betzner said Friday the juveniles played a "cat-and-mouse game" with officers. A campus alert warning students and staff was sent around 9:30 p.m. Joe Lauletta, the father of one of the apparent victims, posted an angry message to Facebook about his daughter's attack. Columbia Stops Wrestling Team From Competing Over Lewd Texts He said the youth who attacked his daughter "held her down and kicked and stomped on her repeatedly," referring to the attackers as "sick animals." The attack landed her in the hospital, he added. NBC10 reached out to Lauletta for an interview. Los Angeles Bid to Address Trump Election at Olympic Meeting Lauletta said his daughter and two male friends were exiting the subway, coming home from the Temple football game when they were beaten. Philadelphia police, Temple police and the university are all investigating the incidents. Published at 3:35 PM EDT on Oct 24, 2016 | Updated at 9:25 AM EDT on Oct 25, 2016 NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest national-international updates in your inbox Privacy policy | More Newsletters Leave Comments Consumer TV Listings News Weather Investigations Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy AdChoices © 2016 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Hollywood Life by Bonnie Fuller News Style Ent. Shop Breaking News Rob & Chyna Kardashians Fashion Beauty HollyBaby Shopping DWTS Brangelina Home Pringles Pringles Announces 3 Holiday Flavors — But… Pringles Announces 3 Holiday Flavors — But Would You Really Eat These? Mon, October 24, 2016 3:25pm EST by Sophie Radvan Add first Comment REX/Shutterstock View Gallery 10 Photos What is it about the holidays that make our sweet tooth come in? Pringles just announced three new Christmasy flavors, but we’re not really sure if they sound delicious enough to eat. Read on to see what the chip empire has in store! We’d be lying if we said pumpkin-flavored anything didn’t light a fire under us, but Pringles‘ new holiday flavors are putting our tastebuds through the ultimate test. To tis the new season, Pringles will be selling sugar cookie, pecan pie, and salted caramel-flavored chips in retail stores across the country. They’re skipping right over Halloween and jumping straight into Christmas! Sorry, Halloween. We’re ready for holiday #sweaterweather. https://t.co/hAaAhPdApt pic.twitter.com/a7SgFx0AOO — Pringles (@Pringles) October 19, 2016 When we think about those three flavors as individual treats, they sound delicious! But combined with Pringles’ signature crunchy and salty taste, it might be an odd pairing. Sounds like Pringles has had success with pecan pie and salted caramel since those flavors were on the shelves last year, but salted caramel (taking the place of white chocolate) is like a whole other adventure. If you’re lusting after the newest flavor, salted caramel will be sold at Walmart exclusively, with pecan pie and sugar cookie at Dollar General stores. Stay In Shape This Season With These Healthy Snacks It seems like our favorite guilty pleasure snacks have a knack for competing against each other for the boldest/strangest flavors whenever the seasons change. In the past, brands like Oreo have come out with candy corn-flavored cookies, and it didn’t take long for Pringles to jump on the festive bandwagon. Pringles released a collection of Halloween-inspired chips like cinnamon, pumpkin, and white chocolate peppermint. But that’s only half of the year! For the other six months, when flowers are in bloom, Oreo has come up with limeade, berry burst, and birthday cake flavors — which is nothing compared to Pringles’ grilled shrimp, soft-shell crab, and seaweed combos! Yum, or yuck? HollywoodLifers, are you brave enough to try Pringles’ new holiday flavors? More Food News: Best Diet Foods -- Get In Shape For Summer 2014 National Pasta Day: Where You Can Snag Amazing Deals On Italian Food Khloe Kardashian: Shop The Exact Foods That Made Her Thinner & Stronger Than Ever JavaScript is required to load the comments. Loading comments... People's Choice Awards 2017 Nominations: 'Stranger Things,' Beyonce & More Nov15 Read Article►→ NEW! 'Teen Wolf' Season 6: EP Teases Intense Stiles & Lydia Drama, Theo's Return… Nov15 Read Article►→ NEW! powered by ZergNet Kelsey Grammer: 'Frasier' Star Welcomes Baby #7 With Wife Kayte -- Congrats Nov15 Read Article►→ 1 Matt Damon Reveals He'll Make A Cameo In All-Female 'Ocean's Eight' Nov15 Read Article►→ 1 Oreo Releases Big Crunch Candy Bar: How To Get Your Hands On The New Treat Nov15 Read Article►→ 1 Kate Middleton Recommended THIS Anti-Aging Cream To Michelle Obama Nov15 Read Article►→ 1 Caitlyn Jenner Shows Love To Ariel Winter & Calls Her 'Second Daughter'… Nov15 Read Article►→ 1 Dick's Sporting Goods Posts Solid Third-Quarter Results, But… The Voice Predictions: Who's at Risk on Top 12 Results… 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' Teams With Bono and RED For AIDS Awareness… The Power of Content DEADLINE india.com Variety entv TV|Line BGR WWD Footwear News Variety411: Your production services resource Copyright © 2016 PMC. All rights reserved. Feedback Contact Us Advertise with Us Corporate Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Police charge man for allegedly robbing three Georgetown busines - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Decision 2016 Slideshows Viewer Pics Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 Breaking Police charge man for allegedly robbing three Georgetown businesses 2016-10-24T19:20:36Z2016-10-24T19:26:54Z By Brad Dickerson, Digital Producer Email Connect bdickerson@wmbfnews.com Harold Wilson (GPD Facebook page) Related LinksMore>> Special Horry County Suspect Search Horry County Suspect Search Tune in to WMBF News Thursday at 6 p.m. and Friday at 6 a.m. for the latest suspects from the Horry County Sheriff's Office.More >> Tune in to WMBF News Thursday at 6 p.m. and Friday at 6 a.m. for the latest suspects from the Horry County Sheriff's Office.More >> GEORGETOWN, SC (WMBF) – Georgetown police arrested a suspect wanted in connection with the armed robbery of three businesses on North Fraser Street. According to information on the Georgetown Police Department’s Facebook page, Harold Fitzgerald Wilson, 48, has been charged with three counts of armed robbery after allegedly robbing the three businesses Sunday morning. The first robbery reportedly took place at the Sunoco at 2:18 a.m., according to the GPD. The second business hit was the Walmart at 4:40 a.m., followed by the North Fraser Street Walgreens at 11 a.m. Wilson allegedly took an undisclosed amount of cash from each location. He was later arrested on Merriman Road as he was leaving the scene of the last robbery, according to the GPD. Online jail records indicate Wilson remains in the Georgetown County Detention Center Monday under no bond. Copyright 2016 WMBF News. All rights reserved. BreakingPolice charge man for allegedly robbing three Georgetown businessesMore>> Mugshots of the Day Mugshots of the Day  More >>  More >> Local NewsLocalMore>> Grand Strand Humane Society accepts blanket donations Grand Strand Humane Society accepts blanket donations Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 12:58 PM EST2016-11-15 17:58:20 GMT The Grand Strand Humane Society logo (Source: Facebook page) The Grand Strand Humane Society is now accepting blankets and towels for animals at the facility during normal business hours, according to Myrtle Beach City Government’s Facebook post.  More >> The Grand Strand Humane Society is now accepting blankets and towels for animals at the facility during normal business hours, according to Myrtle Beach City Government’s Facebook post. More >> Laurinburg police search for wanted sex offender Laurinburg police search for wanted sex offender Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 12:42 PM EST2016-11-15 17:42:28 GMT Antonio Nathan Everett (Source: LPD's Facebook post) Laurinburg police are searching for a 30-year-old man who has outstanding warrants for indecent liberties with a child, according to LPD’s Facebook post.  More >> Laurinburg police are searching for a 30-year-old man who has outstanding warrants for indecent liberties with a child, according to LPD’s Facebook post. More >> Craft brewery coming to Downtown Florence Craft brewery coming to Downtown Florence Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 12:37 PM EST2016-11-15 17:37:54 GMT Kress Corner in Downtown Florence, near where the proposed brewery will be set up. (Source: WMBF News) A group of entrepreneurs is bringing a brewery to Downtown Florence At a council meeting on Monday, the City of Florence approved an incentive package to encourage the development of the brewery at a building on North Dargan Street, right next to Town Hall. A council member said that the proposed name for the new business is the Locomotive Brewery.More >> A group of entrepreneurs is bringing a brewery to Downtown Florence At a council meeting on Monday, the City of Florence approved an incentive package to encourage the development of the brewery at a building on North Dargan Street, right next to Town Hall. A council member said that the proposed name for the new business is the Locomotive Brewery.More >> Duke Energy customers report power outages in Horry County Duke Energy customers report power outages in Horry County Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 9:57 AM EST2016-11-15 14:57:30 GMT (Source: Duke Energy) Approximately 800 customers have been affected by power outages in the Aynor area of Horry County, according to Duke Energy’s power outage map.  More >> Approximately 800 customers have been affected by power outages in the Aynor area of Horry County, according to Duke Energy’s power outage map. More >> Police: 13-year-old boy charged for threatening post on social media Police: 13-year-old boy charged for threatening post on social media Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 8:18 AM EST2016-11-15 13:18:06 GMT A Google Street View image of Forestbrook Middle School. (Source: Google) A 13-year-old boy who is believed to have made threats to Forestbrook Middle School has been arrested and charged with disturbing schools, according to Lt. Raul Denis.More >> A 13-year-old boy who is believed to have made threats to Forestbrook Middle School has been arrested and charged with disturbing schools, according to Lt. Raul Denis.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 students stabbed at UT high school; fellow student in custody 5 students stabbed at UT high school; fellow student in custody Posted: Tuesday, November 15 2016 11:49 AM EST2016-11-15 16:49:44 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 12:35 PM EST2016-11-15 17:35:33 GMT The boys, who were stabbbed in the boys locker room, range from critical to stable condition. All are expected to live More >> The boys, who were stabbbed in the boys locker room, range from critical to stable condition. All are expected to liveMore >> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Retired engineer uses milk jug, simple math to beat $1,000 water bill Retired engineer uses milk jug, simple math to beat $1,000 water bill Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 8:45 AM EST2016-11-15 13:45:59 GMT (Source: WIS) After having issues with his water bill for three years, a retired engineer took steps to be reimbursed for nearly $1,000 in erroneous charges on his water bill. More >> After having issues with his water bill for three years, a retired engineer took steps to be reimbursed for nearly $1,000 in erroneous charges on his water bill.More >> Officials under fire for 'racist' FLOTUS Facebook post Officials under fire for 'racist' FLOTUS Facebook post Posted: Tuesday, November 15 2016 8:44 AM EST2016-11-15 13:44:18 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 10:54 AM EST2016-11-15 15:54:18 GMT A message posted on Pamela Taylor's account reads: "It will be refreshing to have a classy, beautiful, dignified first lady in the White House. I'm tired of seeing an ape in heels." More >> A message posted on Pamela Taylor's account reads: "It will be refreshing to have a classy, beautiful, dignified first lady in the White House. I'm tired of seeing an ape in heels."More >> Police: Co-worker bites man's lip off Police: Co-worker bites man's lip off Posted: Tuesday, November 15 2016 6:23 AM EST2016-11-15 11:23:33 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 6:31 AM EST2016-11-15 11:31:49 GMT Officers said they saw "blood splattered on the white comforters on both beds in the room as well as blood on the walls and door frame to the bathroom." One of the officers noticed a "bloody piece of brown, human flesh lying on the hallway carpet." It turned out to be part of the victim's lip. More >> Officers said they saw "blood splattered on the white comforters on both beds in the room as well as blood on the walls and door frame to the bathroom." One of the officers noticed a "bloody piece of brown, human flesh lying on the hallway carpet." It turned out to be part of the victim's lip.More >> Adult Friend Finder website hack could expose 412 million users Adult Friend Finder website hack could expose 412 million users Posted: Tuesday, November 15 2016 12:40 PM EST2016-11-15 17:40:35 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 12:43 PM EST2016-11-15 17:43:08 GMT If you've used Adult Friend Finder in the past 20 years, now's the time to change passwords, credit card numbers, and start thinking of excuses to tell your spouse. More >> If you've used Adult Friend Finder in the past 20 years, now's the time to change passwords, credit card numbers, and start thinking of excuses to tell your spouse.More >> Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:24 AM EST2016-11-14 15:24:47 GMT (Credit: KMOV). Megan Hendricks (left) and Robert Burnette (right) have been arrested and charged for allegedly abusing their 6-month-old son. Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Posted: Wednesday, November 9 2016 4:49 PM EST2016-11-09 21:49:14 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 4:35 AM EST2016-11-15 09:35:52 GMT Source: WGCL Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014.More >> Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014.More >> Country singer Holly Dunn dies after battling cancer Country singer Holly Dunn dies after battling cancer Posted: Tuesday, November 15 2016 8:01 AM EST2016-11-15 13:01:46 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 8:01 AM EST2016-11-15 13:01:46 GMT Holly Dunn, shown on Sept. 27, 1995, in Nashville. (AP Photo / Mark Humphrey) A close family friend told Channel 4 that Holly Dunn passed away at a hospice facility in Albuquerque, NM, surrounded by friends and family members.More >> A close family friend told Channel 4 that Holly Dunn passed away at a hospice facility in Albuquerque, NM, surrounded by friends and family members.More >> Former "Young and the Restless" star arrested for child molestation Former "Young and the Restless" star arrested for child molestation Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 12:35 PM EST2016-11-14 17:35:18 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 12:35 PM EST2016-11-14 17:35:17 GMT Source: Cherokee County Sheriff's Office Actor Corey Sligh, most known for his roles in "The Young and the Restless" and "All About Lizzie"  was arrested for child molestation in Cherokee County.   More >> Actor Corey Sligh, most known for his roles in "The Young and the Restless" and "All About Lizzie"  was arrested for child molestation in Cherokee County.  More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 56°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Earl 'Buck' Sutliff Published: Monday, Oct. 24, 2016 10:51 a.m. CST PRINCETON — Earl “Buck” Sutliff, 77, passed away Saturday, Oct. 22, 2016, surrounded by his family at Liberty Village in Princeton where he was given love and care. “Buck” was born in Bushnell to Earl and Margaret Sutliff. After his graduation from Knoxville High School in 1957 he entered the U.S. Air Force where he served four years as an air traffic control operator. On Aug. 18, 1962, he married Betty Wyckoff. She survives along with their four children, Kimberly (Joseph) Park of Princeton, Earl “Guy” (Carrie) Sutliff of Arlington, Texas, Teresa (Bill) Prince of Princeton and Amy (Eric) Thompson of Princeton. His grandchildren include Tony, Sarah, Kate, Chad, Mallory, Eric, Montana, Travis, Samantha,Tyler, Bentley, Saylor, Ashton, Jacob, Rori, David, Courtney, Mylee, Chloe, Gabe and Grady. Also surviving is Buck’s twin sister, Earlene (Jerry) Campbell, and nieces and nephews. He was preceded in death by his parents; a sister Francie; and a grandson, Baby Earl Sutliff. Buck loved the community of Princeton where he was a longtime resident.  He owned Sutliff’s Home Furnishings, Sutliff and Associates (real estate), and after retirement he worked as a people greeter for Walmart and a gold coat at Perry Memorial Hospital. He served as president of Rotary, president of Princeton Chamber of Commerce, Illinois Valley Association of Realtors and the Princeton Jaycees. He also served on the Princeton Zoning Board, Princeton City Council and on the first steering committee for the Bureau County Homestead Festival. He was a charter member of the “Truth Table” at the Swedish Cup. The Rev. Brian Gilbert will be officiating at a celebration of Earl’s life and faith at his home church, First United Methodist Church of Princeton, at 11 a.m. Wednesday, Oct. 26, with a luncheon to follow. The family would like to extend a special thank you to the staff and residents of Liberty Village, the management and staff at Princeton Walmart, Jennifer Merth, and his best friends, Birney Brown, John Revell and Jerry Campbell. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be directed to Illinois Music Therapy Services. The Norberg Memorial Home in Princeton is in charge of the arrangements. Online condolences may be left at www.norbergfh.com. More News Katherine 'Kitty' DyarNov. 14, 2016 - 2:02 pm Gail WebbNov. 14, 2016 - 12:56 pm Roberta ThompsonNov. 14, 2016 - 12:55 pm Wanda PetersonNov. 14, 2016 - 10:10 am Phyliss BarnettNov. 14, 2016 - 3:41 pm Juanita QuickleNov. 14, 2016 - 3:38 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2016 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Pokepalooza 2 coming to Civic Plaza Park Monday Oct 24, 2016 at 10:25 AM Oct 24, 2016 at 10:26 AM Staff Reports After the popularity of the first Pokepalooza held in August, the City of Hesperia and Hesperia Recreation and Park District plan to bring it back at 6 p.m. Saturday at Hesperia Civic Plaza Park, 15833 Smoke Tree St., Hesperia. The event aims to once again make Hesperia the No. 1 Pokemon Go destination in the High Desert. Festivities will include food vendors, music and costume contests. First- and second-place finishers for participants ages 17 and younger will receive a gift card to Comic Cult HD in Hesperia, and first- and second-place finishers for participants 18 and older will receive a Wal-Mart card donated by Dan Smith Insurance. There also will be a showing of "Ant Man" at 7 p.m. For more information, visit hesperiaparks.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition November 18 How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory The Role Gender Played in the Presidential Election How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory How Donald Trump Surfed Public Anger to the Presidency View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out U.S. North Carolina’s Black Voters Shrug Off Trump’s Talk of Fraud By Emily Cadei On 10/24/16 at 12:29 PM Close U.S. 2016 campaign North Carolina Voting Donald Trump North Carolina’s African-American community has fought to overcome numerous barriers to voting over the past century—from poll taxes and literacy tests to a 2013 voter ID law that, according to a federal appeals court ruling this summer, was designed to “target African-Americans with almost surgical precision.” So as the state’s early-voting period gets underway in the 2016 election, black voters are not about to let concerns about conflict at polling places—fanned by Donald Trump’s sinister predictions of voter fraud—keep them from casting their ballot. “We don’t take what Donald Trump has to say as a deterrent for us to come and vote,” North Carolina Central University student Brian Burton told Newsweek on October 20, following a rally featuring Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine at the historically black university in Durham. Burton said he thinks the Republican presidential nominee’s talk of rampant voter fraud (which is unfounded) and exhortations to his supporters to go out and watch “other communities” vote are “only driving more Democrats to the polls, versus actually driving them away.” He said he was planning to vote the next day. Others on campus were equally nonplussed. “I’m not really worried about anything,” said freshman Saniya Farrow, who planned to go home to another part of the state, where she is registered, to vote over the weekend. She said warnings of vote rigging are “nothing new,” though she added she wasn’t familiar with the concerns specific to this election. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week In downtown Durham, voters didn’t appear fazed by the presidential race’s harsh rhetoric or the rain in the next day’s forecast. A line snaked out the door of the Durham County Board of Elections office, one of five early-voting sites now open in the county. Another eight will begin operating on October 27 through Election Day. Volunteer poll monitors said the crowds had been pretty consistent since voting began October 20. That’s a good sign for Democrats. Durham County, part of the “Research Triangle” and home to Duke University, is a Democratic stronghold in North Carolina, with one of the state’s largest black populations as well as an affluent white professional class. The party needs a strong turnout here, and in the heavily African-American counties in the state’s east, to have a chance at winning the presidential contest in North Carolina, where Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton have been locked in a virtual tie for months. At his rally at North Carolina Central, Kaine called North Carolina not just a battleground state but a “checkmate state”—one of just a handful (along with Ohio and Florida) that could decide the presidential election. A loss here and the Trump campaign is essentially toast. Hillary Clinton talks to supporters outside of an early-voting center in Raleigh, North Carolina, on October 23. Early-voting turnout has been high, and black voters in the state say they're not concerned about Donald Trump's predictions of voter fraud. Carlos Barria/REUTERS But it’s not just the presidential race that is roiling the Tar Heel State. Its governor’s mansion, a Senate seat and the state Supreme Court are all up for grabs in a campaign season that’s been shaded by a bitter culture war, which has come to be symbolized by the state’s controversial transgender bathroom law, HB2. Signed last spring, HB2 was just the latest in a series of hyper-partisan laws introduced in the state, from strict new curbs on abortion to a measure that represented the most comprehensive set of new restrictions on voting in the country. There’s perhaps no other state that better epitomizes the gaping divide between left and right that this election has opened. It’s only because of federal intervention that North Carolinians are even able to vote this early. In July, the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Republican-controlled state Legislature intended to discriminate against minorities when it passed the 2013 law, violating the federal Voting Rights Act. After the Supreme Court declined to hear its appeal, the state had to roll back large portions of the law, dropping ID requirements and extending early voting back to 17 days. It was a victory for civil rights groups and for Democrats more generally, as African-Americans and students, two traditional Democratic voting blocs, have been found to make up a disproportionately large percentage of early voters. Local officials and activists seemed determined not to let the legal tug-of-war confuse or deter voters. At North Carolina Central’s campus, Burton noted, “We’ve had people that have been here, signing folks up to actually be registered here in Durham County” and making sure they know when and where to vote. The university’s law school is hosting one of the early-voting sites that opens this week. Durham resident Antoine Person said he’d “had people coming up to me at Wal-Mart, different places, to say, ‘Have you registered?’” The 43-year-old had just voted for the first time on October 21, a process he said was remarkably easy. Related Stories Eric Trump: Donald Will Respect Vote If It's 'Fair' Race or Religion? Exploring Hostilities Among Voters Democrats Raise $13K to Reopen Firebombed GOP Office Local Papers Stoke Fear of Nonexistent Voter Fraud At the Durham County Board of Elections office, a sign taped to a railing near the polling place entrance reminded voters, “NO PHOTO ID NEEDED TO VOTE.” A couple of volunteer poll monitors wearing bright yellow “Vote Protector” T-shirts were also on hand to make sure no one had problems voting. The volunteers, members of the local progressive advocacy group Democracy North Carolina, asked voters who did report problems to take a survey regarding the nature of various problems. They’ve also set up a hotline number to help voters who feel they’ve been disenfranchised. Jen Jones, Democracy North Carolina’s communications director, says thus far the biggest concern has been reports of three- and four-hour waits in Wake and Mecklenburg counties—home to the state’s biggest metropolitan areas around Raleigh and Charlotte—during the first few days of early voting. The group has not received any reports of individual voter intimidation from Trump-aligned poll monitors. Trump’s website asks users to volunteer as poll watchers, but Jones said her organization had not heard of the GOP training any observers who may have signed up. The state Republican Party did not respond to an inquiry from Newsweek. “What we’re concerned about is...you have a people who are not involved with the political process until this election going to the polls and just standing there and watching. And that can be intimidating,” says Jones. She also noted that many polling locations in the state are subject to open carry gun laws: “You may have someone with a gun standing there watching you vote.” Autrice Campbell Long, a middle-aged bank employee, didn’t have any problems while voting October 21 in Durham but said the rhetoric coming from Trump and his supporters made her a little nervous. If anything happens, “I think it’s going to be more on Election Day, I get that sense,” she said. “I plan to bring my mom and have her vote early as well, to avoid any drama that might occur.” Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2016 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe November 11 Issue Budweiser's Battle for Beer Market Dominance The Hacker’s Pearl Harbor The Cow Defense October 28 Issue Colorado Springs Teens Keep Killing Themselves Experts Suspect New Dead Sea Scroll Fragments Are Fake Donald the Destroyer October 21 Issue Swipe for Safer Sex Roosh V: From Pickup Artist to Right-Wing Provocateur The New ISIS Crisis October 14 Issue How the Chicago Marathon Will Keep Track of Millions The Black Panthers, 50 Years Later Trump Foundation Ordered to Halt Fundraising Browse Archives
null
facebook twitter google plus email POWERED BY facebook twitter instagram USA TODAY PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE CONTACT US COLLEGES BY STATE Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Powered by WordPress.com VIP NEWS CAMPUS LIFE CAREER PATH GREAT CAREER SUCCESS DEBATE COLLEGE CHOICE THE LOWDOWN FROM COLLEGE FACTUAL STUDY ABROAD Menu Menu NEWS CAMPUS LIFE CAREER PATH GREAT CAREER SUCCESS DEBATE COLLEGE CHOICE THE LOWDOWN FROM COLLEGE FACTUAL STUDY ABROAD facebook twitter instagram Menu Donald Trump   Michael Schramm   Explainer   Money 101   Repaying Student Loans   Student Debt   Student Debt Crisis   2016 Presidential Election   Trump Win   Ithaca College   Merriam Webster   Misogyny   Sophia Tulp   Twitter   Xenophobia   Dictionary  NEWS Breaking News Campus Life Careers Election 2016 College Choice Study Abroad Tech Voices HOUSING Apartments Houses Roommates Sublets Storage Moving JOBS Part-Time Jobs Full-Time Jobs Internships Babysitting Jobs Tutoring Jobs Restaurant Jobs Retail Jobs TUTORS In-Person Tutors Online Tutors TEXTBOOKS Sell Textbooks Rent Textbooks Buy Textbooks TEST PREP GMAT Test Prep GRE Test Prep LSAT Test Prep MCAT Test Prep DAT Test Prep OAT Test Prep PCAT Test Prep STUDY ABROAD England Study Abroad Italy Study Abroad China Study Abroad Spain Study Abroad France Study Abroad Germany Study Abroad Australia Study Abroad South Africa Study Abroad Brazil Study Abroad Intern Abroad MORE Online Courses Student Loans Refinance Student LoansFood Delivery Tickets Scholarships News Classifieds Breaking News Campus Life Careers Election 2016 College Choice Study Abroad Tech Voices All News Housing Jobs Tutors Textbooks Test Prep Study Abroad Student Loans Refinance Student Loans Storage Moving Online Courses Food Delivery Tickets Scholarships All Classifieds Find Your School x NEWS Breaking News Campus Life Careers Election 2016 College Choice Study Abroad Tech Voices All News Housing Post Housing Apartments Houses Roommates Sublets Storage Moving All Housing Jobs Post Jobs Part-Time Jobs Full-Time Jobs Internships Babysitting Jobs Tutoring Jobs Restaurant Jobs Retail Jobs All Jobs Tutors In-Person Tutors Online Tutors All Tutors Textbooks Sell Textbooks Rent Textbooks Buy Textbooks All Textbooks Test Prep GMAT Test Prep GRE Test Prep LSAT Test Prep MCAT Test Prep DAT Test Prep OAT Test Prep PCAT Test Prep All Test Prep Study Abroad England Study Abroad Italy Study Abroad China Study Abroad Spain Study Abroad France Study Abroad Germany Study Abroad Australia Study Abroad South Africa Study Abroad Brazil Study Abroad Intern Abroad All Study Abroad More Online Courses Student Loans Food Delivery Tickets Scholarships Employers: Post Jobs Property Managers: Post Housing News >Campus Life >Whatever you do, avoid these 9 Halloween costumes in 2016 News Whatever you do, avoid these 9 Halloween costumes in 2016 By Walbert Castillo, USA TODAY,Holly Epstein Ojalvo 11:00 am EST October 24, 2016 5.9k shares SHARE TWEET SMS SEND EMAIL For the love of God or whatever higher power you believe in or just common human decency and respect, please do not dress in any of the following costumes for Halloween 2016. You’re welcome. 1. Creepy clown A man shops for a creepy clown Halloween prop at Fantasy Costumes on October 19, 2016 in Chicago, Illinois. Although at least one major retailer has removed creepy clown costumes from their store shelves in the wake of negative news stories, Fantasy Costumes said they are one of this seasons biggest sellers. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) With all of the hysteria over rumors of creepy clowns roaming campuses across the country, you could be risking major overreaction if you go as a freaky Bozo. 2. Blackface There should be a very special place in hell for white people in blackface. pic.twitter.com/KxKfW8BVOk — GEEZY (@GRYKING) October 24, 2016 No. Never. Just ask Julianne Hough. We have to remember that #JulianneHough @juliannehough is the same person who wore blackface for Halloween #racist pic.twitter.com/7PCOhN7ehU — Wanderer Undefined. (@Showbiz1992) October 4, 2016 3. Traditional Native American dress via GIPHY Resist any urge you may have to wear Native American garb, like a headdress. If you do, it will be seen as cultural appropriation and not as an attempt to honor the culture. Don't dress up as a Native American for Halloween??? It's that simple — Kate Ferguspook (@kate__ferguson) October 23, 2016 4. Mexican ponchos and sombreros Know how we're always telling you about racist frat parties? This is the President of the University of Louisville. pic.twitter.com/U5DJBzkb85 — Strange Fruit (@StrangeFruitPod) October 29, 2015 If you don stereotypically Mexican dress, you will be called out. This Halloween I'm not trying to see no blackface,no sugar sculls, no "Mexican" costumes, no non-black people wearing afro wigs. None of it — baby blue (@h0tcheeto) October 24, 2016 5. Jamaican dreadlocks (Photo: Thinkstock) You know those “Rastafarian dreadlocks” costumes they sell in Halloween shops? Step away. I go in Walmart and literally all the Halloween wigs are Afros and dreads. and what makes it worse is that white people are modeling them. — ya-ya (@CYBERSPACEDUN) October 21, 2016 6. Japanese geisha or samurai Can white people stop wearing "native american" "geisha" "mexican" and other offensive costumes for halloween lmaooo — bree (@twabree) October 23, 2016 I remember I was a geisha for Halloween six years ago. Not my proudest moment. — Karyn. (@THEKarynDyer) October 19, 2016 One year for Halloween I was a Geisha. Yes it was a terrible life choice. Also terrible makeup. #BackInHighschool pic.twitter.com/MIjIx6OLa1 — MissBOOshi 🎃 (@MissFushiGaming) August 5, 2016 Come to think of it, just avoid all cultural appropriation. halloween reminder: somebody else's culture is not your costume — Aidan Alexander (@aidan) October 19, 2016 7. Homeless person A homeless person & a gypsy woman 🌞🌛 📷: @kylieka13 #halloween #gypsy #dirty #hippie #squad #costume #authentic A photo posted by DJaynes (@whatababejaynes) on Oct 31, 2015 at 7:47pm PDT Because homelessness is not funny. dressing up like a homeless person for halloween/anything isnt scary, funny, or cute. also its very insulting so plz dont do itt — salad_luvvr (@emmamayjpg) October 24, 2016 8. Anything related to sexual assault or rape This means no Brock Turner costume. Me:*wears community service vest* Ppl: what are you for Halloween? Me: Brock Turner — Sarah (@sarahkatelyn1) October 10, 2016 And no Jared from Subway or Bill Cosby either. Nothing making light of rape or rape culture, unless you want to find yourself the subject of a blistering social media campaign. 9. Hostage Kim Kardashian WTF Is Wrong with People?! –Kim K Being Robbed is NOT a Halloween Costume! https://t.co/pRUxuUE5If pic.twitter.com/CQO4ChNrRY — World of Wonder (@WorldOfWonder) October 12, 2016 #kimkardashian #kimk #kimrobbery A photo posted by Kim K Ransom (@kimkransom) on Oct 13, 2016 at 6:04am PDT No matter what you think of Kim K, mocking her being robbed is just tasteless and cruel. The Kim K being robbed costume isn't funny to me. There are so many things to make light of, but someone's trauma shouldn't be one. — Angie Parker (@angita_parked) October 13, 2016 cultural appropriation, Halloween, Halloween 2016, Halloween costumes, CAMPUS LIFE, LIFESTYLE, News  5.9k shares SHARE TWEET SMS SEND EMAIL Related Stories News Univ. of Central Arkansas frat suspended over blackface Halloween costume News 9 (non-offensive) costumes you can DIY this Halloween News Most popular Halloween costumes of 2016 Comments Recently on USA TODAY College 0 reply 25m OPINION Viewpoint: Is Trump really 'fine' with same-sex marriage, and does it matter? OPINION· 1:00 pm EST November 15, 2016 · Mitchell Wellman, University of Virginia Three words: Supreme Court justice. 0 reply 1hr News Students lead new wave of anti-Trump protests News· 12:20 pm EST November 15, 2016 · Susan Miller, USA TODAY High school students led the charge Monday as protests rolled into a sixth day. 0 reply 2hr News Racially charged fliers and chalkings appear at Univ. of Michigan News· 11:20 am EST November 15, 2016 · Michael Schramm, University of Michigan Dueling messages popped up at University of Michigan in the wake of the election. VIDEO As college costs skyrocket, more students try crowdfunding By: Olivia Dimmer 1:39 pm EST November 14, 2016 Michigan State holds 1,000-student march to protest Donald Trump How we voted — by age, education, race and sexual orientation This is the mood on campus after Trump's stunning win 0 reply 3hr News 5 things you need to know Tuesday News· 9:30 am EST November 15, 2016 · Editors, USA TODAY The biggest news to start your day. 0 reply 17hr News Kendall Jenner deletes her Instagram account News· 7:45 pm EST November 14, 2016 · Maeve McDermott, USA TODAY Her 68 million followers want an answer. 0 reply 18hr News 'Tolerant' educators exile Trump voters from campus: Glenn Reynolds News· 6:45 pm EST November 14, 2016 · Glenn Harlan Reynolds With puppies, Play-doh and coloring books, safe spaces and therapy sessions turn universities into a joke. 0 reply 19hr News University program chair out of post for chiding election protesters News· 5:30 pm EST November 14, 2016 · David Andreatta, USA TODAY A University of Rochester program director offered protesters bus fare to Canada. Correspondent Program Collegiate Correspondent Application is open through November 18. Apply now. WORK WITH US! THE BUZZ CORRESPONDENT PROGRAM CONTACT US GET TOP STORIES DELIVERED WEEKLY Top 5 CAMPUS LIFE Articles Money 101: Here's everything we know about Trump's student debt plans 6:32 pm EST November 7, 2016 ELECTION 2016 The troubling list of words everyone's looking up since Trump won 6:32 pm EST November 7, 2016 ELECTION 2016 Voices: #StudentsTalkTrump 6:32 pm EST November 7, 2016 ELECTION 2016 Answers to your questions about the Electoral College, from a historian 6:32 pm EST November 7, 2016 BREAKING NEWS How we voted — by age, education, race and sexual orientation 6:32 pm EST November 7, 2016 ELECTION 2016 USA TODAY PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE CONTACT US COLLEGES BY STATE Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Powered by WordPress.com VIP More Information Log In or Sign Up Student sign up Post a job Log In to Favorite articles and Post listings Email Address Remember my email address on this computer Password Forgot your password? Not a Student? Employers can list job opportunities for students Post a Job Housing Providers can list available housing Post Housing Sign Up Student Sign Up or Log In or Email Address First Name Last Name Password Confirm Password Class Select Grad Year Major Select Major What best describes you? (optional) Student Parent School Business Already have an account? Enter College Name to See Local Results Log In Email Address Remember my email address on this computer Password Forgot your password? Contact Us Name​ Please enter your Name Your Email Please enter your Email Message Please enter your Message Verification #'s Please enter correct Validation Code Mailing Address: Uloop Inc. 43155 Main Street Suite 2300E Novi, MI 48375 Telephone Support: 312.854.7605 Email Support: uloopcustomerservice@gmail.com Forgot your password? Email Address Please enter valid Email Address! Your new password has been sent to your email! Logout Successful! Find Your School You just missed it! This listing has been filled. Post your own housing listing on Uloop and have students reach out to you! Post Classifieds Upload An Image Please select an image to upload Note: must be in .png, .gif or .jpg format OR Provide URL where image can be downloaded Note: must be in .png, .gif or .jpg format First Name Please enter First Name Last Name Please enter Last Name Phone Please enter Phone Email Please enter Email Message Please enter Message By clicking this button, you agree to the terms of use Please enter Email By clicking “Submit” I agree to the USA Today College Terms of Use. Image not available. Success, your registration has been submitted An email has been sent to you with a link to verify your registration Image not available. {Liaise Divorce Solutions Scholarship Program} First Name Please enter First Name Last Name Please enter Last Name Email Address Please enter Email Address Grad Year Please select Grad Year Select Grad Year 2016201720182019202020212022202320242025 Get notified about news, info and scholarships Let's get social Follow USA TODAY College on Facebook and Twitter and never miss a story Post to Cancel
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Nova Scotia LIVE Halifax More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada NS Sears location at Dartmouth's Penhorn Mall to close Sears Canada has been shutting down stores and cutting jobs as it grapples with stiff competition By Richard Woodbury, CBC News Posted: Oct 24, 2016 10:55 AM AT Last Updated: Oct 24, 2016 10:55 AM AT Seventy-three people work at the Sears location in Dartmouth, N.S. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press) Related Stories Sears Canada posts $91M loss as sales decline The Sears department store located at Penhorn Mall in Dartmouth, N.S., will be closing next September. In a statement, the company said it informed staffers last week that it wouldn't be renewing the lease when it comes up in September 2017. The company said the move will help it improve its profit-per-square-foot statistics. Sears has 73 employees at the Dartmouth location and they will be given first crack at jobs that become available at the company's Halifax Shopping Centre location. Sears Canada has been shutting down stores and cutting jobs as it grapples with increasing competition from U.S. retail giants like Walmart. The company posted a net loss of $91.6-million, or 90 cents per share, for the second quarter ended July 30, compared with a profit of $13.5 million, or 13 cents per share, a year earlier. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Parrsboro Shelburne Baccaro Point Kejimkujik (National Park) Digby Brier Island Western Head Liverpool Windsor Kentville Yarmouth Annapolis Royal Greenwood Bridgetown Truro Economy Halifax Partly Cloudy 13°C Sydney Mostly Cloudy 10°C Yarmouth Cloudy 13°C Annapolis Royal Cloudy 13°C Greenwood Cloudy 13°C More Weather | Latest Nova Scotia News Headlines Parents of student who died from alcohol poisoning sue Dal, roommates and 811 Missed the Tragically Hip's recent tour? Gord Downie to play Halifax show 'Two beautiful women are gone forever': Man sentenced in killing of girlfriend and her daughter Man killed in Halifax's second fatal shooting in 3 days Sex-charge trial continues for prominent Toronto pastor and rights activist Top News Headlines Royal Bank hikes mortgage rates — especially for loans of 25 years or longer read comments Liberals to revamp 'discriminatory' age law for anal intercourse video Energy companies' unpaid electric bills sent to Alberta farmers CBC News crew captures airstrikes in east Aleppo video Ottawa rabbi wakes to find swastika, racial slur spray-painted on her front door Most Viewed Man killed in Halifax's second fatal shooting in 3 days Boston Christmas tree gift costs Nova Scotians $250K Here's the breakdown of the Christmas tree for Boston costs IT Intrepid in Halifax harbour to keep your internet afloat Rev. Brent Hawkes performed sex act on teenager in 1970s, witness testifies David Busk sentenced to 60 days in jail after 2013 work site death Pregnant inmates cut off from volunteer doulas, says women's support group Rev. Brent Hawkes sex crimes trial continues in Nova Scotia Carvel Clayton in court to face murder charge in death of Shakur Jefferies Judge testifies at Lyle Howe's disciplinary hearing Don't Miss Royal Bank hikes mortgage rates Updated Liberals to revamp 'discriminatory' age law for anal intercourse New Energy companies' unpaid electric bills sent to Alberta farmers CBC IN SYRIA CBC News crew captures airstrikes in east Aleppo Ottawa rabbi wakes to find racist graffiti spray-painted on her home Justin Trudeau heads to Cuba as Trump win clouds relations with U.S. Average Canadian home sold in October for $481,994, up 5.9% from year ago Toronto police investigate posters in East York that promote 'alt-right' Twitter announces new features to thwart cyberbullying Trump's team of rivals? Priebus, Bannon 'equal partners' from clashing conservative worlds Exclusive 'Unbelievable' discovery: Lost van Gogh sketchbook found by Canadian art expert Young scientists pen letter to Trudeau urging environmental assessment overhaul CBC Investigates RCMP want new powers to bypass digital roadblocks in terrorism, major crime cases 'We were all prisoners; now, we are free': Iraqis fleeing Mosul find safety in camps Opinion Leonard Cohen's humility doesn't fit in Donald Trump's America: Neil Macdonald Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Site Archive log in Disney star in Stoughton -- I used guitar, guts to cope with bullies Wednesday Oct 12, 2016 at 12:01 AM Oct 12, 2016 at 4:30 PM Massachusetts native Jessie Chris spoke to O'Donnell Middle School students on a Disney Radio anti-bullying tour Tuesday. Cody Shepard The Enterprise @cshepard_ENT STOUGHTON – Jessie Chris said she always knew she was different. The Massachusetts native loved music — she got a guitar at the age of 10, tried out for school plays and chorus — but was constantly teased about it by classmates. Now, she’s an up-and-coming country singer, who has released a full-length Nashville-recorded album — and is one of the faces of Disney Radio’s anti-bullying campaign. “I want to be a role model to kids who are going through things that I went through and let them know that they’re not alone,” Chris told students at O’Donnell Middle School in Stoughton Tuesday morning. “It’s OK to be different and you should embrace that and you should own it.” The bullying began when she got her first guitar. She had a passion for music and knew she eventually wanted to become a singer. But her classmates made fun of her, telling her only boys played guitar. “Sometimes it made me an easier target for kids to make fun of me and be really mean and negative,” she said. “My whole time at school, throughout all of middle school and even high school, I had a really hard time, because people were always trying to tear me down.” Things got worse for the now-19-year-old woman when she got to high school and classmates would post her music on Facebook, giving negative comments. “When you hear these really mean comments all the time, as much as you don’t want to, you start to believe them — and you shouldn’t,” Chris said. “It took a really big toll in my confidence. I didn’t believe in myself anymore. I became anti-social and I would just lock myself in my room every night and cry.” But she began writing music — eventually recording five songs in Nashville, then another six, to release her first full album, “Wildfire.” Chris previously headlined a national anti-bullying campaign and Walmart tour, including a performance at the Avon store in April 2015. And now she’s one of the faces of Disney Radio’s anti-bullying trip. She was brought to O’Donnell Middle School by her manager, Jeff Gulko, who attended the Stoughton school. She played several songs for the students. “I remember so well being their age and what it felt like,” she told The Enterprise. “Being able to come back and see how much I’ve grown and let them know it will be OK is a really good feeling.” Her music has also been featured on Disney, which is something Chris always hoped for. “It’s been a dream come true, because I’m one of the biggest Disney fans ever,” she said. “I grew up watching Disney Channel every day and listening to Radio Disney. If you told me when I was 10 years old that I’d get to do this stuff with Disney, I would have thought you were crazy. But it’s just been such a great experience.” About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Work for Us Contact Us Ads Submit Your News Subscribe E-Edition Coupons Advertise with us Community Info Wicked Local Fore River Bridge Wicked Local Quincy Enterprise Market Place Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Resources Facebook Twitter Pinterest © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Patriot Ledger, Quincy, MA ~ 400 Crown Colony Drive, P.O. Box 699159, Quincy, MA 02269 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Police Scanner Local Education Region Health News Massachusetts Elections Business Nation & World Shareable Election 2016 Sports High Schools Pros and College Sports Columnists N.E. Pro Sports Entertainment Calendar Arts Travel Books Movies Music TV Guide Lifestyle Food Boomers Faith Family Health Home & Garden Pets Opinion Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters Obituaries More Ledger Links Contact Us Calendar Submit Your News Blogs Photos Videos Branded Content Readers Choice Contests Neighborhoods Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Crime & Public Safety October 24, 2016 8:42 AM Shoeless Hilton Head woman made hitchhiking sign - and vanished 25 years ago April Vlk Beaufort County Sheriff’s Office April Vlk Beaufort County Sheriff’s Office 1 of 2 i By Caitlin Turner cturner@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Twenty-five years after she was reported missing from her Sea Side Villas apartment, a Hilton Head Island woman remains missing and her fate unknown. April Vlk was reported missing by her father on Oct. 23, 1991. She had last been seen on Sept. 17 of that year, according to a Beaufort County Sheriff’s Office news release. Investigators learned Vlk had had a disagreement with her boyfriend in which he told her to leave the apartment. Witnesses at a local church reported that a barefoot woman matching Vlk’s description stopped there to ask for cardboard onm which to write a hitchhiking sign. The witnesses told deputies the woman wrote Washington, D.C. on the cardboard and said she was leaving Hilton Head. The woman was given $20 to buy shoes at WalMart and left the church, the release said. Investigators do not know whether Vlk hitchhiked from the area or was the victim of foul play. Anyone with information about the case can contact Capt. Bob Bromage at 843-255-3402, 843-816-8013 or at robertb@bcgov.net. Anonymous tips can also be given to Crime Stoppers at 1-888-CrimeSC. Caitlin Turner: 843-706-8184, @Cait_E_Turner Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime & Public Safety Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:12 Investigators pore over the scene of the fire at the black chamber of commerce Pause 0:35 Aerial view of Harbour Town's Yacht Basin, 18th green 0:35 First-time nutcracker goes to battle 0:26 NASA: The November supermoon will be one for the ages 1:11 Holy Trinity's Feed the Need effort to help the hurricane victims in Haiti 6:00 OCEARCH tagging Katharine the great white shark 1:11 Expedition Cape Cod: Tagging 'legendary' Mary Lee 0:57 This is the healing water 1:43 Election Day by the numbers 1:51 'Whatever they were able to grow from the ground and bring in off the ocean.' 100 years of Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Church Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 2:42 3 days ago What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 0:23 14 days ago Bluffton responds to fire just minutes from station 0:27 22 days ago Charred home still stands after Beaufort fire View more video Looking for this? Live traffic cameras Latest BCDC arrests New! Property transfers HS football scores Restaurant inspections NEW! Puzzles & Games Local/state salaries HHI's best 18 golf holes 2016 election news BCSD bus routes SPORTS: Tap an icon, or here for more scores: High school | College | NFL PGA | LPGA | Web.com | European | Champions Click/tap here for print-style late scores Looking for box scores and other late results in print format? We've got you covered if you're looking for box scores and other late sports results that missed the printed newspaper because of early deadlines. One option is to click the icons above for sports scores and stats from our partners at Stats.com. If you prefer traditional print agate, our Sports Extra pages, formatted like traditional printed sports results, are for you. To find the Sports Extra: Open either The Island Packet or The Beaufort Gazette e-Edition (free to print and digital subscribers) and look for the Sports Extra icon () in the top menu. If you're using an iPhone or other smartphone, or an iPad in portrait view, you'll find the Sports Extra pages in the menu at the upper right (look for the symbol). Close Crime & Public Safety Savannah woman charged in Bluffton after crashing stolen vehicle ATF’s National Response Team poring over Chamber fire scene Armed men rob St. Helena Island grocery store Sunday afternoon St. Helena Island teen faces felony gun charge after argument in Burton Santa gets his mail through local firefighters Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. long read Behind The Brand The Rise Of Bradley Tusk, Silicon Valley's Political Savior Tusk has been called the "Uber lobbyist" and "Silicon Valley's favorite political fixer." Does he want something more? Slide Show: 5 images Bradley Tusk [Photos: Celine Grouard for Fast Company] Sarah Kessler 10.24.16 7:30 AM In 2011, Uber was a tiny transportation startup that, according to its blog, was "#superpumped" to have "officially gone multi-city." And, though he didn’t know it yet, Bradley Tusk was about to become one very lucky political consultant. The manager of New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s successful 2009 reelection bid, Tusk had just left the administration and started his own firm. As a favor to a friend, he agreed to meet with an unknown transportation startup that had just received a cease-and-desist from the New York Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC). "The founder comes in, it’s Travis [Kalanick]," Tusk remembers. "I’d never heard of him or Uber." Tusk has an unbridled, matter-of-fact style of speaking, and when he recounts a story, even as its sole narrator, it often unfolds like a ping-pong match. "We have this conversation. He says, ‘Can I hire you?’ I say, ‘Sure, our minimum would be $25,000 per month.’ He comes back, ‘You know what? I can’t do $25,000 per month. Can we do some equity?’" Tusk said yes—which turned out to be the deal of a lifetime. His stake in Uber is now rumored to be worth around $100 million. After helping the company win the TLC's blessing in New York City, Tusk moved on to cities including Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Miami, Los Angeles, Denver, and Washington, D.C. It was his first brush with the startup world. Meanwhile, a bevy of well-funded, future-thinking startups began to encounter regulatory hurdles. Last week, Airbnb lost a campaign in New York to fight a law that makes listing entire homes on the site illegal. The daily fantasy sports site Fanduel has hired lobbyists in more than 30 states with hopes of protecting its business from charges that it constitutes illegal gambling. A burst of startups that aimed to sell homemade food had been shut down by health departments. And startups that want to "revolutionize" everything from garbage disposal to parking meters are trying to sell their products to municipalities. Tusk saw an opportunity to position himself as Silicon Valley's political maneuvering expert. Last year, he founded Tusk Ventures, a political consultancy aimed at getting local governments and technology startups to play nice—and, failing that, going to the mattresses instead. He's been dubbed the "Uber lobbyist," "Silicon Valley's favorite political fixer" and "Tech Startups' political mastermind." Tusk stakes out his positions via guest-written articles for publications like Techonomy, VentureBeat, TechCrunch, and Forbes; posts ideas about how to fix everything from the Olympics to income inequality on his Medium blog; has hosted a dinner with reporters; and uses speaking gigs at tech conferences such as TechCrunch Disrupt to amplify his messages. He says his efforts to establish himself at the intersection of technology and government are in service of Tusk Ventures, which works differently than most firms because startups pay in equity rather than cash. "It’s about deal flow," Tusk says. "If [an entrepreneur] is giving me 6% of her company, and I don’t give her a dollar in return, she has to walk in with a pretty high opinion of me. We need press to do all of that." Another possible reason for Tusk to raise his public profile, one that several of his peers in the political world offered, is that he's setting himself up to run for office. A source with political expertise says if that were his plan, he would want to build a public persona around his values in advance of any personal campaign. That way he avoids being seen as a rich dilettante. As the New York-based political consultant put it, "If you were running for office, this makes total sense in that context." Tusk denies that he’s planning to run for office: "I don’t think I’m electable," he tells me. But his unique brand of tech-savvy political chutzpah could certainly be used to sway an election. "If you open your Uber on primary day, and there was a ‘vote no De Blasio’ button, and it would take you either to the polling place for free or from the polling place for free, would you do it?" he asks me, referring to the current New York City mayor, who he very publicly despises. I probably would. "My theory is that most people who are Uber users are not [New York City Mayor Bill] De Blasio supporters." Tusk says. "I might pay for free rides to and from the polls to anyone who wants to vote on Election Day under the theory that I’m going to win 90% of those votes for the anti-De Blasio campaign." Government regulators have the power to make or break new companies, but technology startups can also, Tusk believes, influence politics. He has coined the term "Uber voter" to describe the new constituency made up of tech companies and their users. Tusk grew up in a village in Long Island, about 20 miles from his current home in the Gramercy neighborhood of Manhattan. Before working for the Bloomberg campaign, he worked as the deputy governor of Illinois (under Rod Blagojevich, who Tusk later testified against when the governor was tried on corruption charges), and as a communications director for U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer. Friends and enemies alike describe Tusk as a machine of intense efficiency and ambition. On most days, according to one of his own blog posts, he rises at 5 a.m. and then planks, prays, journals in a gratitude notebook, works out, meditates, reads four newspapers, takes vitamins, and makes a smoothie. Within the last five years, Tusk has launched two businesses in addition to his consulting firm: Kronos, which builds bespoke digital archives, and Ivory gaming, a traditional casino management company that has recently begun experimenting with virtual games inside brick-and-mortar casinos. During his downtime, he works on a script for a television pilot. He also runs an anti-hunger foundation with his wife. "You’re here once, right?" he figures. "So fuck it, do as much as you can." Tusk has built his reputation in the startup world around work he did for Uber in 2015, when it faced a proposal in New York City that would have capped the company's growth while the city studied congestion. In crafting its public message, Uber followed advice that Tusk now gives to all startups: Figure out the larger public policy benefit provided by your company, and that will put regulators on the defensive. Through direct mail, television advertising, and relentless publicity, the campaign for Uber argued that the company was good for the city, providing jobs and transportation for less affluent residents in the outer boroughs. It wasn't all about the message. It was also about who Uber wanted to hear it. The idea that Uber could reduce inequality intentionally coincided with the platform on which democratic Mayor De Blasio had campaigned, a move Tusk likes to call "attacking left-wing politicians from the left." While Tusk was instrumental to the Uberization of New York City, he's sometimes been given more credit than he deserves. There were other talented advisers at Uber during that time, including David Plouffe, who managed President Obama’s 2008 campaign. Uber's internal team included the former press secretary to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, Matthew Wing—and the internal team contributed some of the most interesting ideas, like a feature in the Uber app that mobilized its users with a "De Blasio’s Uber" screen that showed long wait times and asked them to email the mayor and city council members. In 500 pages of emails between Uber employees or representatives and New York's city hall, obtained through a Freedom of Information Law request, Tusk's name does not appear once. Tusk's firm says that its role was in coordinating the campaign and keeping all the pieces moving. As Josh Mohrer, Uber’s general manager, put it to me: "Bradley was the coach of a very good team." Uber eventually reached a compromise with City Hall that prompted headlines such as "Uber Mows Down De Blasio" and "How Uber Got NYC Mayor De Blasio to Back Down." Less than two weeks after the New York City Uber campaign ended, Tusk launched Tusk Ventures. In more than two dozen interviews with people who have interacted with Tusk, I find he has a reputation for a scorched earth approach to government relations. "The people who want to work with him are people who are ready to go to war," one prominent member of the tech community says. A political consultant echoes: "It’s sort of like hiring the best criminal defense attorney. It says something. It says you're afraid and ready for a fight." Tusk’s consulting business doesn’t fit into a box that most young startups would recognize: It’s not exactly a lobbying firm, though it hires lobbyists. It’s not exactly a PR firm, though it has its own PR staff (which handles some of its client startups' entire PR efforts). And it’s not an advertising firm, though it works with them. "Our competition doesn’t exist," Tusk says. "We say to Walmart, you’re going to hire us. You’re going to pay us three times what you’re paying anybody else involved with this. And you still have to hire everyone else you need. But it’s going to work out for you, because you’re going to win." (Political consulting firms such as Global Strategy Group and FP1 Strategies would argue that the competition does indeed exist.) Tusk Ventures has 13 clients now, including the cleaning and handyman services company Handy, whose independent contractors sometimes sue on the allegation that they should be considered employees; Eaze, a medical marijuana delivery startup; and Fanduel, a company that facilitates game-by-game betting on fantasy sports. Fanduel hired Tusk Ventures last October, and by then it was a fully fed unicorn ready for an Uber-sized fight. It had raised more than $360 million in funding at a $1 billion valuation and had already begun its lobbying efforts across the country. When news broke that employees at Fanduel and DraftKings—both fantasy sports companies that allow players to bet real money on players’ daily performance—were winning big by playing on their competitors’ platforms. The New York Times compared the setup to insider trading, and the next month, New York’s attorney general declared the games illegal. Illinois and Texas’ attorney generals followed his example soon after. Tusk Ventures helped create a website that nudges DFS fans toward asking their government representatives "to protect the rights of all Americans who play fantasy sports." In New York, Fanduel says its users sent 116,000 emails to legislators in support of a bill that protects its product, and in August, New York’s governor signed the bill into law. (Tusk's PR firm blasted a statement from Fanduel CEO Nigel Eccles, noting that "Bradley Tusk, CEO of Tusk Ventures and regulatory man behind highly regulated startups including Uber, Handy, Eaze, and FanDuel, would love to chat and provide coloring if you're interested.") Seven states have passed similar bills this year. But there are now at least nine states with attorney generals who have determined fantasy sports to be illegal. Though Tusk is known for high-profile startup battles, most of the companies that have given equity to Tusk Ventures are much smaller and trying to avoid conflict with government. They have agendas that look more like subleasing marketplace Flip, which hired the firm this July. Flip’s public benefit message is that it helps millennials and empty-nesters who want to go between cities and neighborhoods to find housing that fits with what's going on their lives and is affordable. Susannah Vila, CEO of Flip, and Roger D. Graham III, CTO Its less overt message is that it's less threatening to cities than Airbnb. "What Airbnb has done and will do is say they help people stay in their homes," I hear Tusk tell a city official at a meeting in his office. "Now, there are platforms that let people do that within the law. It’s the perfect answer for anyone who supports Airbnb." Around the same time he began working with Flip, he began publicly criticizing Airbnb’s political efforts. Is it worth it for startups without a regulatory war on their hands to hire Tusk? His firm's equity fees are steep, the equivalent of between $50,000 and $125,000 per month—which for early-stage startups typically results in an equity stake on par with what the startup accelerator Y Combinator takes from its companies. "You’re promised the world," is a sentiment I hear over and over again while reporting this story. Sometimes it’s from startups who feel duped by high expectations. "The pitch was, ‘Here’s what we’ve been able to do for these guys [Uber] and we can definitely do it for you," says one person associated with a company that worked with Tusk Ventures. "But that didn’t seem to be the case." In at least three cases since Tusk Ventures started last year, relationships it has had with startups have ended. Many startup investors have told me they think that a startup's resources should go into building products and pleasing customers, and that working on government relations at an early stage can be a distraction. But plenty of Tusk's clients say the tradeoff was worth it. Jim Gibbs, the CEO of Meter Feeder, a Pittsburgh-area startup that makes an app-based parking payment system says Tusk helped create a sales strategy. "They helped us look at the big picture," Gibbs says. "We’re targeting these cities because this makes sense. Versus us starting in Albuquerque and working our way down to whatever town starts with Z." He calls Tusk’s services "worth every penny of equity." Tusk helped AltSchool, a network of private schools that uses technology-enhanced customized lesson plans for each student, to understand communities and legislative environments in which it’s considering opening or has opened new locations. "It’s that we don’t have the in-house capacity to be sophisticated strategizers and communicators and knowers of the right people in every community we would consider, but Tusk somehow manages to be," says Eve Wachtell, the company's general council. As more early-stage startups come to see government relations as important, Tusk faces competition from venture capital firms that are increasingly providing a wide range of support services to insure that their investments pay off. In 2012, Andreessen Horowitz hired Adrian Fenty, the former mayor of Washington, D.C., to be a "special adviser" to its startups. More recently, it hired former Facebook General Counsel Ted Ullyot to help companies navigate gray legal territory. Steve Case, the CEO and chairman at the venture capital firm Revolution, has made a point of hiring executives with experience in politics and public policy. "We are happy to be helpful on these policy issues," he says. "We do not ask for or expect equity in addition to what we paid for." One obvious way for Tusk to take on this threat: Become a VC himself. "I wouldn’t be surprised if Tusk didn’t decide to raise a fund so they can have a bigger stake in the company," Case says. Two sources, who asked not to be named, say that Tusk is indeed raising this fund to invest cash in Tusk Ventures companies. In addition to his campaign at the intersection of tech and government, Tusk runs a more traditional political operation called "NYC Deserves Better." It's an ongoing campaign arguing that current New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio should not be reelected in 2017. The first video posted by the NYC Deserves Better YouTube account details De Blasio’s "failures of the week." Its first podcast is entitled "public corruption." And in interviews about the effort, Tusk has called the mayor "lazy" and "inept." Almost every New York City publication has covered Tusk's anti-De Blasio work, though it is not clear what, if any, impact it has had. (A de Blasio spokesperson called Tusk a "gadfly.") Meanwhile, bashing the current mayor has further ostracized Tusk from the city hall with which many of his clients would like to negotiate. He lost clients when he started NYC Deserves Better. As one startup founder who has considered paying Tusk Ventures in equity put it: "How does this help any of the startups he’s supposed to work for?" Tusk insists the anti-mayoral campaign is driven by his principles. "Everyone bitches and moans about [the mayor], but nobody does anything," he says. "My view is that if I can do all of this, and I truly believe he’s a horrible mayor, then it’s morally incumbent on me to do it. So I did it. Aren’t I like a lot of the people you cover in that, even though I’m not a tech founder, it’s the same view of, 'I can and therefore I will?'" This is not so different from the messaging Tusk helped come up with for Bloomberg’s potential presidential run, which in one rough-cut campaign ad promised Bloomberg "will be totally independent to take on the special interests and push both parties to get things done." The challenge with Tusk's quasi-libertarian stance is pinning down exactly what he does stand for on any given issue. "My wife hates that I have all these gambling businesses. I see no problem with it," says Tusk, launching into another ping-pong narrative. "At the same time, PAX, which is a great company—they make a high-end vaporizer—I was like, I can’t do it. I won’t be in a tobacco company. I won’t do guns. There are things that I don’t believe in. We turned down Chick-fil-A recently. They were like, ‘We want to be in New York, how do we do it?’ I was like, 'Change all of your positions on gays.' They’re like, 'No.' Then I was like, 'Well, we’re not for you.'" At a conference his firm put together last summer, Tusk said that one thing stopping government officials from working better with startups were "too much willingness to do the bidding of entrenched interests and campaign donors." But the companies whose interests Tusk promotes also pay him, whether in cash or equity. Technology innovation is just as much a special interest as anything else. Fanduel, looked at from one angle, is a hobby. From another, it’s an illegal gambling company that preys on addiction. Handy's public good message is that it wants to give its workers benefits without locking them into full-time jobs they don’t want because they prefer the flexibility of the gig economy. Others argue the new type of worker classification that the company wants to create, which would offer fewer protections than an employee classification, could set a dangerous precedent that makes it easier for companies to avoid following labor laws. Tusk describes these clashes as a consequence of innovation bumping into archaic legislation. But his client Flip positions itself as a city-friendly alternative Airbnb, which also claims to be battling archaic legislation. So which side is he on? Business has always influenced politics. And we're still in the early stages of technology companies upending the assumptions and traditions that have guided politicians in the past. Which means that the messages and influence of startups who hire Tusk and others like him will continue being amplified, and it will sometimes be difficult to pick the morally righteous side. But it will be easy to tell who is winning. After tagging along with Tusk during a day of back-to-back meetings, I interview him at a fancy cocktail bar, the kind where a waitress appears when you push a doorbell on the wall. He hasn't checked his phone in almost an hour, and, he tells me shortly before excusing himself for a moment, "it’s fucking killing me." When he comes back, he’s in a celebratory mood. One of his clients, a company called Lemonade that has been called ("the Uber of insurance"), has just been approved for a license to operate in New York. "We won," he says. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2016 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Beats' Star-Studded 'Got No Strings' Goes Viral but Can't Top Nintendo Switch Campaign 43 minutes ago Array 0 Private Jets, Children's First Editions and Rose-Gold Tweezers, Oh My! The Neiman Marcus Christmas Book Is Here By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 1 hour ago Array 0 New York Times and Other Media Companies Sell Tickets to Election Night Events By Jeremy Barr - 1 hour ago Array 0 JBL Wants to Make Music Underwater the Next Big Thing By George Slefo - 1 hour ago Array 0 Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mattel Shops $150 Million Media Account By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff - 2 hours ago 0 New York Times and Other Media Companies Sell Tickets to Election Night Events By Jeremy Barr - 1 hour ago 0 In-Car Advertising: GM, IBM Pair Watson and OnStar to Deliver Brand Messages By E.J. Schultz - 6 hours ago 0 Hillary Clinton Is a Real 'Most Interesting Man,' According to James Franco By Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 These Are the 50 Companies Creatives Would 'Kill to Work for Full Time' By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 After Tease, Dos Equis Debuts Its New Most Interesting Man in the World By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Three Chicago Ad Agency Staffers Die in Hit-and-Run Accident By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Pepsi Taps New Agency for Digital, Brings Social In-House By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 What the AT&T and Time Warner Deal Could Mean for Advertising By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US ANA Annual Meeting 2016 Purpose, Death and the Backstreet Boys: Takeaways From the ANA By Ad Age Staff. Published on October 24, 2016. ANA Masters of Marketing: CMO Roundtable: AFE's Stephen Quinn, Starcom's Kathy Ring and Best Buy's Greg Revelle Credit: Clarion Pictures Most Popular The Association of National Advertisers held its annual Masters of Marketing conference in Orlando, Fla. If you weren't able to make it, we've got a few takeaways below, whether it was Marc Pritchard's advice to marketers, Gary Vaynerchuck's shock talk, or some nostalgia from the Backstreet Boys. And be sure to check out our complete coverage, including stories and videos here. Give your agency a break The marketing and ad agency industries haven't exactly been best pals of late. Witness the ANA's ongoing battle with 4As over media rebates and transparency. But marketers speaking at last week's event extended more than a few olive branches to agencies. "The last few years have been admittedly tough on agencies, P&G included. And it's time to turn the page. The negative narrative needs to stop," said Procter & Gamble Co. Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard, who also happens to be the new chairman of the ANA. Diego Scotti, chief marketing officer of Verizon, said: "I hear people blame the agency model, saying it's broken. I think that's frankly a lazy way of thinking about it." Don't be a "fuckface" "If you are running [TV] commercials for a brand that targets consumers 22 and under, you're a fuckface." That was just one of many one-liners Gary Vaynerchuk threw at attendees during one of his harsh-truth speeches. Mr. Vaynerchuk railed about marketers and agencies being wedded to the old ways, stuck in legacy creative habits and measuring things that didn't matter. He repeatedly urged the crowd to look at the history of marketing, particularly the transition from radio to TV and what happened to TV. His final takeaway: "You're going to die," Mr. Vaynerchuk said. "It's an amazing time to be in this industry if you're on the offense, it's the worst time if you're on the defense and 95% of you are on the defense." Don't fall into a "crap trap" Mr. Pritchard was actually not very familiar with Mr. Vaynerchuk before his ANA address. And maybe that's no surprise, because his agency, VaynerMedia, does a whole lot of social-media content for a whole lot of P&G's competitors, including Unilever, L'Oreal and Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Pritchard also isn't a big fan of the word "content," or of pumping out lots of stuff on social media of questionable value, such as a Pepto Bismol video he showed about a boy raised by goats, which didn't make note of the brand involved for more than four minutes. Instead, he'd prefer to see his agencies making fewer, better ads. Improving creativity requires craft that "belongs in the hands of serious professionals," Mr. Pritchard said in his ANA address. "Don't ever accept mediocrity. Don't be seduced into the crap trap of just getting something out. On every part of the canvas, craft matters. Let purpose really power the brand After deciding two years ago to quit selling its $2 billion tobacco category and rebrand, CVS Health saw a 40% lift in its perception as a health leader. Norman de Greve, senior VP, chief marketing officer of the $153.3 billion brand, told the crowd his personal story of how he lost his father to lung cancer and wants to ensure he sticks around to spend time with his own young son Luca. "The important thing is that deeds matter more than creeds, so stand up," said Mr. de Greve to attendees, many of whom ranked the talk as one of the conference's strongest. Let's get "phygital" The ANA got formally introduced to a new buzzword by Alison Lewis, chief marketing officer of Johnson & Johnson's consumer business. It means the convergence of the physical and digital worlds. For J&J, that means merging offline and online retailing and marketing. So, for example, J&J recently launched Aveeno into China via e-commerce first before hitting stores. And Neutrogena successfully mined loyalty-card data from store purchases to serve 88 different digital ads programmatically to 18.1 million households aimed at getting folks who had, for example, bought the brand's cosmetics to also buy its makeup-removing wipes. The campaign generated return of $5.84 in added sales in offline stores for every $1 in ad spending online. It's all part of what the company calls "ambidextrous marketing." Be prepared to hear all this again. Phygital is up to 124,000 Google hits. And it got a second mention from the stage from Ellen Moreau, Sherwin-Williams' senior VP-marketing communications, Americas Group. The paint company has been connecting with customers for years in the digital world with its ColorSnap app. The app lets people find the right paint color for their physical spaces in various digital ways, such as taking photos with their phones or finding images on Pinterest. Consider female voiceovers About 75% of commercial voiceovers are done by men, largely because marketers think they sound more authoritative, said former Walmart CMO and current Alliance for Family Entertainment chair Stephen Quinn at Friday's CMO Roundtable focused on the ANA's #SeeHer gender equality initiative. But research by ad testing firm ABX behind the ANA's Gender Equality Measure shows female voiceovers are actually more effective, which makes sense given that most brands have women as their primary consumer target, Mr. Quinn said. Death to demos? Age-gender demographics remain the way much media, particularly TV, gets bought. But speaking at the same CMO Roundtable, Best Buy CMO Greg Revelle said the retailer has moved completely away from demo targeting. "We're going after people who love technology," he said. "What we've found as we've gone through that is that women love technology as much as men." That's also led Best Buy to change the way it casts ads. Pro wrestling is fake -- but audience engagement is real World Wrestling Entertainment's roots go back 50 years. But at her ANA presentation, WWE Chief Brand Officer Stephanie McMahon reminded attendees that the pro wrestling genre goes back to the days of the Roman Coliseum when "the emperor would decide if a gladiator lived or met his unfortunate alternative. Thank god we've evolved to scripting the outcomes." But while the results might be pre-ordained, the WWE adjusts on the fly based on fan reaction. The engagement has helped WWE reach 700 million social media followers. "Our fans are our secret sauce," Ms. McMahon said. "They are a part of our show. Whether they are chanting, cheering, booing -- they can often even influence what happens during the course of a match. Because if something isn't working, you have to change direction quickly." She added: "Our strategy is that we listen and we respond. … It's like the ultimate grassroots marketing." Do the math "Many of us got into marketing to avoid math class," said Wes Nichols, co-founder of Neustar's MarketShare -- a marketing attribution modeler all about math. And his co-presenter, TD Ameritrade Chief Marketing Officer Denise Karkos, acknowledged she went into marketing at Notre Dame in part because it was the business degree that seemed easiest because all the football players were in the classes. But speaking to a relatively lightly attended Saturday session, they made a strong case for doing the math in marketing. Ms. Karkos noted that she's surrounded herself with strong analytics talent throughout her career, and broke with tradition by showing her TD Ameritrade board detailed return-on-investment data for campaign elements rather than the latest 30-second spot. "Now when I go to the board, they want to know what was the ROI of that digital video I saw?" she said. Ms. Karkos has moved largely -- not entirely -- away from upfront TV commitments and inflexible print schedules in favor of an 80% flexible mix of digital, search and other media to optimize around analytics provided by MarketShare and others. Mr. Nichols said that despite their reputation for number-crunching, packaged-goods marketers are now actually behind other industries, such as entertainment, in analytics savvy. ANA Masters of Marketing: A special performance by the Backstreet Boys, sponsored by iHeartMedia, on Thursday, Oct. 20. Credit: Clarion Pictures Bonus item: Backstreet's back, all right OK, so this one might not be applicable to your marketing strategy. The Backstreet Boys' comeback trail led through Orlando on the way to Las Vegas, and the ANA crowd clearly was enthralled. Attendees crowded the stage and sent so many photos and videos to social media and the folks back home, sometimes ironically, that it temporarily choked even the very high-quality data network of Verizon, whose CMO Diego Scotti had noted his brand's premium positioning earlier in the day. ~ ~ ~ Clarification: An earlier version of this story said that Kimberly-Clark was a client of Vayner Media. It is not. In this article: Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Diversity Special Report: ANA Annual Meeting 2016 Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Local Sports Asheville Scene Lifestyle Voices & Views Outdoors Obituaries AVL Biz Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home Local Sports Asheville Scene Lifestyle Voices & Views Outdoors Obituaries AVL Biz Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Millworkers’ daughter loves outcasts in memoir “For over thirty years, I have taught English ... at McDowell County Community College,” poet and fiction writer Julia Nunnally Duncan writes in the longest entry in her new book, “A Place that Was Home.” Post to Facebook Millworkers’ daughter loves outcasts in memoir “For over thirty years, I have taught English ... at McDowell County Community College,” poet and fiction writer Julia Nunnally Duncan writes in the longest entry in her new book, “A Place that Was Home.”  Check out this story on citizen-times.com: http://avlne.ws/2f8fp1j {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Millworkers’ daughter loves outcasts in memoir Rob Neufeld, Columnist 6:42 a.m. EDT October 24, 2016 Julia Nunnally Duncan will read Saturday in Spruce Pine. (Photo: Courtesy photo) CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE “For over thirty years, I have taught English ... at McDowell County Community College,” poet and fiction writer Julia Nunnally Duncan writes in the longest entry in her new book, “A Place that Was Home.” Her focus then turns not to her career but to her commute—to being “In My Car,” as the title indicates—and, she reflects, “a lot has happened on those drives.” The essay is quintessential Duncan.  You wouldn’t think that window views would yield fleshed out stories, but three things contribute to Duncan’s success.  Sometimes, she stops and gets out of the car.  Her lifelong familiarity with the Marion environment connects her to memories.  And she is notably drawn to the fates of outcasts. Duncan presents her book from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m., Sat., Nov. 5  at the historic Carson House, 1805 US-70, Marion (828-724-4948). Burn-up and breakdown After having observed, on one drive, a Christmas-lit house and, on another, a sign misspelled “Sister Ruby, Plam Reader,” Duncan came to Oak Grove Cemetery, which, she writes, was located “adjacent to the site of an old cotton mill—Marion Manufacturing Company—that was part of a deadly workers’ strike in 1928.” She parked her Gremlin to inspect an obelisk engraved with the words: M.V. Seagle/ born/ Sept. 5 1836/ killed in/ battle of/ Fredericks/ burg Va./ May 2, 1863.” Duncan recalls that, while she’d been at school, a fire had burned down Seagle’s Feed and Seed, which was next door to the Broadway Hosiery Mill in Marion where her parents had worked. “The workers in the mill didn’t know about the fire,” Duncan relates, “but noticed how the mill’s interior brick walls were glowing red and getting hot.” The workers were finally evacuated.  Julia’s mom left behind her favorite coat; her father, his tool box.  Both buildings were destroyed; and the workers lost their jobs. Flash forward to another time, December 1985, during a brutal cold period.  Duncan was driving to Warren Wilson College, where she was engaged in the MFA program and working part-time. On the drive up Old Fort Mountain, her car engine died, and she eased it onto the shoulder and stopped.  After a while, a Mercedes with a Georgia license plate and a gold Jesus fish symbol pulled over.  A man who resembled “Tom Netherton, a handsome singer on ‘The Lawrence Welk Show’” came to her window and offered her a ride. One of the funny things about “A Place That Was Home” is that Duncan frequently gives us pictures of her characters by referring to TV and movie personalities. At any rate, Duncan mistrusted the Good Samaritan, turned down the ride, and asked him to call Highway Patrol for her. More time passed.  Duncan eventually accepted a ride from a young, greasy-haired man in jeans and his mom, who reminded Duncan of her grandma.  “They were part of who I was and an answer to my prayers,” Duncan concluded. The entire essay ends with a reflection of how cell phones make such encounters obsolete. Loving the unloved The love and sadness in “A Place That Was Home” reaches a profound degree. In the third essay, “Patricia,” Duncan sees, after many years, a woman whom she’d known, and mostly ignored, during girlhood.  Patricia had been a chubby, lisping, masculine-looking, poorly dressed outcast who had opened up to Julia once on a church outing. Now, at Winn-Dixie, she was stylishly dressed, talking comfortably with her husband, it seemed, and looking more like Mare Winningham than Jethrene Bodine. “She may have overcome her fear,” Duncan says about the transformation, “but I still live with my guilt.” A deaf-mute mendicant appears, as Patricia had, twice in Duncan’s life—once when she’d been a girl sitting at a lunch counter with her mom at Roses department store; and years later at a Walmart.  Both times, the man targeted Duncan, received a dollar, and mysteriously left the store. This story, “Eclipse,” ends with a solar eclipse which, for a few minutes, had darkened the sky as young Julia and her mom had left Belk’s on another shopping day. The essay reveals the only weaknesses in the book.  A few times in her journey of memory, Duncan turns her sharp mind toward a catalog of details—such as shelf items at Roses—that stand apart as nostalgia without story value.  Sometimes, the endings of her essays are like homilies, taking away from the power of the stories themselves. And many of the stories sure are powerful. “The Picture of Benjamin” begins with attendance at a family reunion at which Duncan noticed “the steel guitar player had no arms.  He sat in a folding chair and played the guitar with his feet.” Inside her relatives’ house, she spotted a framed photo of a 14-year-old boy in a coffin.  “Who would want to pass by the image of a dead boy every day?” Duncan wonders. She dwells on the tradition of post-mortem photos; and is particularly haunted by Benjamin, who’d been killed in a bike crash, she’d been told, but whose death certificate, she learned after research, listed meningococcic meningitis as the cause of death. There is a mystery to life’s tragedies that calls for attention not avoidance. In the essay, “Charlie’s Knife,” a World War II portrait of Duncan’s great uncle, whom her grandmother wants to forget, connects Duncan to the story of the man who’d acted creepily toward girls and who’d knifed her father in a poker game fight. “Try as I may, I can harbor no animosity toward my great-uncle Charlie Lynch for his actions,” Duncan attests, “no more than my father seemed to...In my mind I like to preserve Charlie as the young soldier whom I admire in the photograph—handsome, pure, and eager to serve his country.” Rob Neufeld writes the weekly book feature for the Sunday Citizen-Times. He is the author and editor of six books and the publisher of the website The Read on WNC. He can be reached at RNeufeld@charter.net and 505-1973.  Follow him on Twitter @WNC_chronicler. The cover for Julia Nunnally Duncan's memoir "A Place That Was Home."  (Photo: Courtesy photo) CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://avlne.ws/2f8fp1j TOP VIDEOS Jude Law's measured view on politics 0:56 Redmayne's co-star love-in 1:05 Jeff Bridges didn't vote Trump, hopes 'he does well by the country' 1:18 Trailer: 'Citizen Kane' 75th anniversary 0:50 Gigi Hadid: We have to give Trump a chance 0:58 Rowling: Trump and Brexit 'very similar' 1:36 'Denial' stars deliberate over favorite legal dramas 1:58 Tilda Swinton: 'My uber teacher was my grandmother' 2:19 Bruce Campbell: Prosthetics are much easier now 1:36 'Transparent' star on underrepresented trans community 2:09 More Stories Dining review: Fahrenheit Pizza & Brewhouse Nov. 15, 2016, 11:44 a.m. Video: Bottling by hand at Highland Nov. 15, 2016, 9:50 a.m. Wildfires send WNC air quality to code red Nov. 15, 2016, 8:21 a.m.
Gwen Ifill, pioneering broadcaster, PBS host, dies at 61 News Maryland Baltimore County Catonsville With demand steady, programs for the needy remain a vital safety net Southwest Emergency Services Jon Bleiweis / Baltimore Sun Media Group Southwest Emergency Services volunteer Monique Jones of Randallstown sorts through donated items at the nonprofit's location in Arbutus. Southwest Emergency Services volunteer Monique Jones of Randallstown sorts through donated items at the nonprofit's location in Arbutus. (Jon Bleiweis / Baltimore Sun Media Group) Jon BleiweisContact ReporterCatonsville Times Megan Canterbury recently got a dunning letter warning that the electricity would be shut off at her Lansdowne home if the bill wasn't paid soon. The warehouse worker, separated and caring for her 4-year-old son, needed extra help. When she looked online for options, she came across Southwest Emergency Services. Stopping in at the Arbutus nonprofit eight days before her power was to be cut off, she received guidance and support. The group paid a portion of her utility bill and provided a shopping cart of groceries, enough to last for a week. "It is definitely wonderful. I never even knew it was here," said Canterbury, 33, a lifelong Lansdowne resident. "It's definitely a blessing." As winter approaches, programs and services for those in need, including the homeless, are preparing for a seasonal rise in the demand for everything from foodstuffs to clothing, a warm bed and meal, or payments to utilities or landlords for overdue bills. While homelessness has held steady or been declining since the Great Recession from 2007 to 2009, according to state and federal statistics, demands on local groups that help remain constant. "We just thought we'd be a temporary thing," said Betty Okonski, director of Southwest Emergency Services, founded 35 years ago. "I wish we weren't needed, but we definitely are." Westside Men's Shelter held a community open house at its newly opened facility on Thursday, August 13, 2015. (Steve Ruark/For The Baltimore Sun Media Group photos) "The recession was a low time, especially for jobs," said Megan M. Rigos, the executive director of Catonsville Emergency Assistance, a neighboring nonprofit. "People are getting jobs now, but it's about getting a job that pays enough ... so they can make ends meet." When they can't, they reach out for support. "We get a very consistent level of people in yearlong," Rigos said. "We help when people have spent all of their money on groceries, so they need money for rent or utilities." Making progress Baltimore County, which in 2013 adopted a comprehensive 10-year plan to end homelessness, has seen a few spikes in the number of people without permanent shelter, but since 2008 the number of homeless served has remained around 3,200 to 3,600, according to Jason Burns, human management information systems administrator for the county. The county plan to includes an outreach program to link the homeless with resources and housing, a shelter diversion program, which focuses on providing housing alternatives to individuals and families, and building new shelters. In 2013, 6,284 shelter requests were received. Of those callers, 1,618 were placed in a shelter and 5,367 were turned away for a variety of reasons, including a lack of space or placement in another program, such as one for people with behaviorial health problems. By 2016, requests dropped to 5,045. The county's statistics are based on fiscal years, which start in July. This year, the county has spent $2.3 million in funding homeless shelters, including Westside Men's Shelter in Catonsville that serves the southwestern county, according to Colleen Mahony, chief of policy planning and administration for the county's planning department. An additional $163,000 is budgeted for shelter diversion alternatives, $215,000 for street outreach and $302,000 for rapid rehousing programs. Baltimore County has four year-round emergency shelters, providing 348 beds, and is building a center for women and children in Rosedale that is scheduled to open next spring. In addition, the county is making inroads in finding more permanent housing. In 2011, the rate of people leaving shelters for permanent housing was 27 percent. By 2015, the rate was 70 percent. Burns credits the improvement to having more funding available for case managers who help with life skills, such as budgeting and resume-writing classes, and rapid rehousing specialists who are focused on getting people jobs and connecting them with landlords. "While case managers are working with the homeless in shelters, rapid rehousing specialists are trying to find them housing quickly," Burns said. Safety-net network Federal, state and county governments have relied on nonprofits, churches and other private groups to provide services to the needy, according to a report prepared last fall for Maryland legislators by state policy analysts, with the types and levels of assistance varying widely. Over the years, a network of area providers has formed and they communicate regularly to help people and fill gaps in government programs. "That is our role," said Rigos, of Catonsville Emergency Assistance. "We're there when people don't qualify (for a particular program or assistance) or when they are waiting for help, the check to arrive." The Catonsville nonprofit, formally founded 30 years ago, notes "participation of local churches has been the backbone ... since the beginning," and the group relies on assistance from service clubs, private donors and benefactors, and businesses for support. A portion of its $114,000 annual budget comes from a county grant earmarked for "eviction prevention," providing rent payments. Towson-area residents with developmental disabilities recognized for their service to others Rachael Pacella Last year, Towson-area residents Caroline Christofferson, Susie Diffenderffer, David Hahn and Chris McCarron gave more than 250 hours of their time each to local charities, setting tables, helping with office work, packaging food and more. At an Oct. 20 ceremony in Annapolis the four received The... Last year, Towson-area residents Caroline Christofferson, Susie Diffenderffer, David Hahn and Chris McCarron gave more than 250 hours of their time each to local charities, setting tables, helping with office work, packaging food and more. At an Oct. 20 ceremony in Annapolis the four received The... (Rachael Pacella) "We see ourselves as in a symbiotic relationship with (area) churches," said Rigos, the executive director since 2014. At Southwest Emergency Services, the Arbutus nonprofit last year provided $60,452 to prevent utility shutoffs for 240 clients, an increase from $44,858 in 2010. One goal of Southwest Emergency Services, which is primarily supported through donations and a thrift shop on its premises behind Arbutus United Methodist Church, is to keep people from becoming homeless. By helping with utility, rent, gas and grocery expenses, it helps those in need stay in their homes. The nonprofit has no beds, nor does it give out meals. But for the homeless, it provides a shower and toiletries, clean clothing and a small bag of uncooked food. Director Okonski hasn't kept track as far as how many have come in for help this year, other than flipping through a daily sign-in log for financial assistance. Some days had more than a dozen names on it. Others had as few as four. When the first day of school came and went, those in need arrived to get school supplies. As the weather gets colder, the nonprofit will start to give out blankets and jackets. "Our issue is to try to give the best care we can to everyone who comes through our door," Okonski said. "It's not keeping stats and figures." When the holiday season arrives, toys and gifts will be the focus. Children's bicycles are collected throughout the year and stored until the holiday season when they can be given as gifts. Monique Jones, of Randallstown, who has volunteered at Southwest for 12 years, said it becomes a magical time of year at the pantry. She's pleased to see that parents in need can have a stress-free holiday and their children will be happy during a time when heating bills can cut heavily into family budgets. "It's basically like you're in Walmart," she said. "You're able to walk around and shop and pick out the gifts, and pick out toys," Jones said. It's just like shopping. They have a shopping cart, they get to pick out things." All of the groups rely heavily on volunteers like Jones and they depend on donations of cash, clothing and food. Catonsville Emergency Assistance, for example, keeps an updated list of needs on its website. Currently its pantry can use jelly, cake and brownie mix packages, dry soup, small boxes of rice, oatmeal, canned fruit, large boxes of mashed potatoes, cereal, canned meals and spaghetti sauce.   A new $3.4 million shelter on the campus of Spring Grove Hospital Center in Catonsville, the Westside Men's Shelter, opened last year. Construction of a new Eastern Family Resource Center for women and children in Rosedale is expected to be completed by June, with an opening as soon as July. Michael-Sean Adams, manager of Westside, anticipates a busy winter after what he called "an amazingly busy summer." The shelter, which has 125 beds and an additional 25 reserved for days when the weather is extremely hot or cold has been at capacity for the last three to four months, he said. Adams said 74 percent of those who stay at the shelter move on to permanent housing. In fiscal 2016 — July 2015 through June 2016 —the shelter housed 240 men. This year, its on pace to serve as many, if not more, he said. He receives five to 10 calls for shelter assistance day. The shelter is partnering with three churches to prepare meals during the last week of November, including Thanksgiving Day. Adams has sent out wish-lists to community partners to ensure donations of coats, scarves and hats. "Christmas and Thanksgiving are good around here," he said. Caption Mount St. Joseph quarterback Christian Carter Mount St. Joseph quarterback Christian Carter talks about his senior year. (Tom Worgo, BSMG) Mount St. Joseph quarterback Christian Carter talks about his senior year. (Tom Worgo, BSMG) Caption Catonsville vs. Bel Air boys soccer Bel Air upends Catonsville in boys soccer playoffs. (Craig Clary, Baltimore Sun Media Group) Bel Air upends Catonsville in boys soccer playoffs. (Craig Clary, Baltimore Sun Media Group) Copyright © 2016, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Baltimore archdiocese pays settlements to a dozen people alleging abuse by late priest Shooting reported in Baltimore County Aigburth Road project raises question: Is it a house or religious building? Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 64°
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Beauty Fashion Health Cookery Insync Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Spirituality Tools Photos Videos Fashion Store हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home Health Beauty Insync Fashion Cookery Relationship Spirituality Pregnancy n Parenting Home n Garden Fashion Store Photos Videos Socail Share Mail Facebook Twitter gplus Home » Insync » Life »The Bermuda Triangle Mystery Is Finally Solved! The Bermuda Triangle Mystery Is Finally Solved! Has the mystery behind the Bermuda triangle been finally solved? Find out the facts which reveal the truth… By: Syeda Farah Noor Updated: Monday, October 24, 2016, 14:54 [IST] Subscribe to Boldsky Bermuda triangle has been one of the oldest mysteries in the world. After many theories, it looks like the scientists have been able to solve this mystery regarding the Bermuda triangle. Here, in this article, we are about to throw some light on the latest updates on the Bermuda triangle mystery. Check out to find out about these interesting facts that will surely amuse you! Also Read: Did You Know Of These Amazing 10 Facts? Read On!   For those who are unaware of Bermuda triangle, it is a place on earth where there have been reports that whoever travels to this place, they do not come back and they disappear! From missing ships to missing planes, this place has always been a mystery, as none of the experts have come up with a conclusion as to why this happens; and today, we think the scientists have finally found out the actual secret of this mysterious place! Also Read: Interesting Facts About Walmart To Know The 'Killer Clouds' Scientists who have been tracking the weather updates of this place claim that the so-called 'killer clouds' and the weather patterns could be the actual culprits of the missing ships and planes. The Winds Travel At A Speed Of 170 mph! Now, this is something really interesting! The scientists claim that the hexagonal clouds that are formed in this place cause the formation of terrifying winds that can easily flip massive planes and ships as well. The Clouds Are Approximately 20 To 55 Miles In Width The clouds are generally formed from the western side of the Bermuda triangle, which is said to be quite scary, as most of the clouds have a straight line formation and this is something that is not common! Waves Created Are As Tall As 45 Feet With a speed of 170 mph, which is equal to the "Hurricane Katrina", the reports claim that the waves in the sea are as tall as 45 feet in height. We clearly get a picture now as to how scary this place can be! Conclusion! Therefore, as per the above mentioned points, scientists now have been able to provide possible reasons for the Bermuda Triangle mystery, which was considered as one of the longest unsolved mysteries. Read more about: bermuda, world, facts, life Story first published: Monday, October 24, 2016, 14:44 [IST] Other articles published on Oct 24, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Why Do ATMS Have Convex Mirror? Wow! Priyanka Chopra Is Daring New Outfits & It's Working For Her! 10 Kareena Kapoor Chic Hairstyles We Can't Get Enough Off! Featured Posts Subscribe Newsletter Recommended Editor's Choice Puppy Makes Catherine Zeta Jones Smile At Last Why Do ATMS Have Convex Mirror? Witness Supermoon In 68 Years! Things You Can Do On Children’s Day Amazing House Owners Who Refused To Sell Their Properties Unusual Deaths Of People Who've Won Lottery Weirdest Stories Of Parents Forgetting Kids! Miracle Babies Who've Survived Against All Odds + Show More Health, Beauty, Fashion, Relationship, Cookery Now answers to all your lifestyle queries are 2 steps away Receive lifetime benefits of our free newsletter No thanks, I'm better off solving my lifestyle issues myself   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
null
Vegan. Think. Eat. Thrive.™ News Food Planet Travel Buzz Cruelty Exposed at Costco's Cage-Free Supplier By Anna Starostinetskaya | October 24, 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Undercover investigation reveals horrific conditions at the California supplier of Kirkland brand cage-free eggs. Animal rights group Direction Action Everywhere (DxE) released a video on Thursday that exposed cruelty at cage-free egg producer Pleasant Valley Farm—a supplier of Costco’s Kirkland brand. DxE visited the Farmington, CA farm several times and filmed the footage in September and October of this year. “There were birds rotting on the floor, and there was one dead bird that seemed to have lost her head,” DxE founder Wayne Hsiung told the New York Times, which broke the story. “There were birds attacking birds, and the smell was horrible.” Hsiung was motivated to investigate the farm because he believes “consumers have an idyllic vision of what cage-free farming looks like,” and hopes that his organization’s work reveals that “cage-free is far from humane.” Major food corporations such as Costco, Walmart, and Sodexo—the world’s second largest food supplier—have all made commitments to phase out battery cages after numerous undercover investigations revealed cruelty at facilities that confined egg-laying hens. This new investigation moves forward the conversation regarding whether eggs can ever be “humanely” produced. Fortunately, the chicken-free egg replacer industry is growing exponentially and is estimated to surpass $1.5 billion by 2026. Tweet Email Pecan-Based Vegan Eggnog Launches for the Holidays MALK's pecan milk vegan nog is the first of its kind to hit shelves this holiday season. Read More » Zagat Raves About Dallas' New Vegan Spot V-Eats in Dallas gets rave reviews from top food critic. Read More » How to Take Action for Animals Post-Election The Dodo created a list of animal-rights organizations readers can support during this time of uncertainty. Read More » California Governor Sticks Up for Climate Change Jerry Brown vows to continue creating state legislation aimed at reducing greenhouse gases, despite Trump's stance on climate change. Read More » USDA Shuts Down Slaughterhouse for Cruelty Oregon slaughter facility Bartels Packing shuts down after employees improperly used bolt guns, causing cows to suffer. Read More » More Flashbacks Vegan Burger Has More Iron Than Beef 15k Say No to New Factory Farm, 2 Say Yes Vegan Big Mac Truck a Huge Hit Vegan Protein Draws Millennials to Fast Food Vegans Open Animal Museum in Los Angeles Prêt a Manger Debuts Vegan Christmas Item Vegan Weightlifter Sets New Record in Iceland Meat and Dairy Must Be Taxed to Fight Climate Change DIY Vegan Shampoo Pops Up in NYC Trump Appoints Climate Change Critic to Head of EPA Animal Rights Win by a Landslide in the Election Vegan Chili Feeds the Homeless for the Holidays Study Predicts an Almond Milk Boom in Five Years New Yorker Files $5 Million Lawsuit for Beef Found in Fries Vegan Restaurant to Open at Neiman Marcus Carbon Footprint of Foods, Ranked Sea Shepherd Tells Greenpeace to Go Vegan Scientists to Reprogram Cow Guts to Cut Emissions RZA Launches Vegan Leather Wallets Burger King Among Brands Profiting from Deforestation All Articles Recipes Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Where to Buy Customer Service Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Instagram YouTube RSS Sign up for our newsletters: VegNewsletter Recipe Club This Week on VegNews TV: The secret to these delightful sweet treats is white beans! Aylin Erman shows you how to make these simple blondies. More Videos » Go to Store » Tote Bags Gift Packs Tshirts Back Issues ABOUT US History | Staff | Advisors | Policies | FAQ MAGAZINE Subscribe | Renew | Give a Gift | Where to Buy | Customer Service ADVERTISE Magazine | Website | Newsletters | Media Kit SUBMISSIONS New Products | Books | Events | Video | Editorial | Photos PRESS ROOM Awards | Press Releases | Image Gallery | Fact Sheet JOBS Staff | Internships CONTACT US © 2008-2016 All Rights Reserved, VegNews. Branded by our vegan friends at Vertebrae
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Hollywood Life by Bonnie Fuller News Style Ent. Shop Breaking News Rob & Chyna Kardashians Fashion Beauty HollyBaby Shopping DWTS Brangelina Home Saturday Night Live SNL Tom Hanks ‘SNL’: Tom Hanks Mocks Trump Supporters In… ‘SNL’: Tom Hanks Mocks Trump Supporters In Funny ‘Black Jeopardy’ Skit Sun, October 23, 2016 5:30pm EST by Samantha Wilson 1 Comment View Gallery 2 Photos Tom Hanks made America great again on ‘SNL’ through one of the funniest sketches of the night, playing a hardcore Trump supporter on an episode of ‘Black Jeopardy’. Click through to watch the hilarious sketch! Tom Hanks hosted one of the strongest episodes of Saturday Night Live season 42 on October 22, bringing down the house with tons of hilarious sketches. Maybe one of the best of the night was his appearance on Black Jeopardy, the always-funny game show that pits one white person against two black contestants. Now, the premise of the sketch is that the white contestant generally fails miserably on the game show because they’re in way over their heads trying to solve categories that they know nothing about. But Tom’s character is shockingly different. Doug is a Trump supporter, complete with a Make America Great Again hat and an American Flag t-shirt. This looks like it’s going to be a huge problem. The host, Darnell Hayes, (Kenan Thompson) is pretty sure that Doug is lost. But in a crazy twist, Doug is actually kicking everyone’s butts at Black Jeopardy! Despite the fact that nobody’s politics line up, they kind of all have the same conspiracy theories. Sure, the other people on the show are thinking the Illuminati are rigging the election, and not Hillary Clinton, but it doesn’t matter. Doug still gets the answer right! The Funniest Moments In ‘SNL’ History — See Pics Of The Best Sketches Darnell is so impressed with Doug, especially after he confesses to how much he loves Tyler Perry‘s Madea movies — “I bought a box set at Wal-Mart, and I tell ya, if I can laugh, and pray, in 90 minutes, that is money well-spent” — that he has to come over and shake his hand. The bubble is burst when Doug is visibly scared by being approached by a black man, and has a few moments of reluctance before shaking Kenan’s hand. You almost did it, Doug. HollywoodLifers, did you think the sketch was funny? Tell us in the comments! More SNL News: 'SNL': Lady Gaga Stuns In Angelic Ensemble While Performing 'Million Reasons' -- Watch 'SNL': Leslie Jones Slams Nude Pic Hackers -- 'If You Want To See Me Naked Just Ask' Lady Gaga Flaunts Amazing Body In Sparkling Crop Top Performing 'A-Yo' On 'SNL' -- Watch JavaScript is required to load the comments. Loading comments... Dave Chappelle Spoofs 'Walking Dead's Negan In Hilarious 'SNL' Skit -- Watch… Nov13 Read Article►→ 1 'SNL': Weekend Update Mocks Trump: 'So Brave He Met The Man Who Founded ISIS' Nov13 Read Article►→ 8 powered by ZergNet 'SNL': Dave Chappelle Drops N Word & Mocks Donald Trump's Grab P*ssy Scandal Nov13 Read Article►→ 2 'SNL': A Tribe Called Quest Disses Trump In Rap: 'Blacks, Gays & Mexicans Go' Nov13 Read Article►→ 2 'SNL': Hillary Clinton Sings 'I Did My Best' & 'Don't Give Up' In Rendition Of… Nov13 Read Article►→ 7 Alec Baldwin: Is He Giving Up His 'SNL' Donald Trump Impression For Good? Nov12 Read Article►→ 1 Alec Baldwin & Kate McKinnon Break Character On 'SNL': 'This Election Has Been… Nov06 Read Article►→ 1 Dick's Sporting Goods Posts Solid Third-Quarter Results, But… The Voice Predictions: Who's at Risk on Top 12 Results… 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' Teams With Bono and RED For AIDS Awareness… The Power of Content DEADLINE india.com Variety entv TV|Line BGR WWD Footwear News Variety411: Your production services resource Copyright © 2016 PMC. All rights reserved. Feedback Contact Us Advertise with Us Corporate Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use Powered by WordPress.com VIP
News Sports Things to Do Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Commentary: Trading horse manure for White House seems a fair trade Monday Oct 24, 2016 at 4:00 AM By HOBIE MORRIS Every joke is a tiny revolution. Whatever destroys dignity and brings down the mighty from their seats, preferably with a bump, is funny. –George Orwell In frenzied response to the most recent presidential debacle, my wife has painfully twisted my arm to throw my well-worn, dirty, second-hand cap into the presidential campaign. By doing so, hoping for the greatest miracle of all time. I must candidly confess my campaign war chest is a few dollars less than my competition. In fact my available campaign grubstake is less than $10. (But didn’t my historical soul brother Abe Lincoln win — or did he lose – a campaign spending only $5.) I don’t have special interest groups driving up Knight Road with dump trucks loaded with money to fuel my campaign. So like my life, my campaign will be bare bones, no frills, with a minimum of hot air and tons of honesty. My campaign staff is similarly thin. As of this writing it consists of just three: My beautiful wife and two sibling cats — Maverick and Monty. While I haven’t discussed their active participation with them, I expect their loyalty with an extra handful of Wellness gourmet cat food. As I look up from shoveling a mountain full of horse manure, which I spread liberally on our garden, my thought process comes to me in dribs and drabs, and in recent days as I shovel buckets full of something well known to politicians my political philosophy has coalesced into a plan. I dream about an America that is far fairer and democratic than it is today. I guess at heart I’m an 18th century Jeffersonian Democrat in the guise of a 21st century simple country man. A renegade semi-Revolutionary, honest dirt under his fingernail country bumpkin living in a nation where such characteristics have dinosaur connotations. If my presidential campaign grows beyond Brookfield’s Knight Road, a dirt road and dead end, somebody will ask me what I stand on and for. I can tell them candidly I stand on solid ground with my large, size 16 holey sneakers. Additionally I stand for several important things that Jefferson I believe would encourage us to change. If elected, I would work to considerably shorten the entire presidential election process. The present one is far too long. The entire process should take no more than six months total. The present length leaves the voters brain dead and semi-comatose by election time. The entire election system is disgracefully far too expensive — grossly so. Buying “elected” (really a farce) officials is now as common as shopping at Walmart. The entire political campaign process should be publicly funded and strictly regulated, and equal for all. One possibility — that each state would be responsible for raising $2 from each of its residents. The common fund from all 50 states would be used for all state and national campaigns, with the parties in each state responsible for its equal dividing. We desperately need a viable and competitive third national political party. It would give disgruntled voters another choice. At the beginning of the 20th century there were at one time three major national parties: the Socialist, Progressive and Populist, plus the two traditional major parties. Again, they would be equitably funded from the common fund. One pundit called the two major parties today “two peas in the same pod.” Alternative parties should have a great and needed function to make democracy alive. If elected, I would work tirelessly to change the blatantly unfair present winner-take-all electoral college voting system. There is absolutely no logic or fairness in the present system. It denies, among other things, the legal principle of one person, one vote. Under the present system the plurality of a single vote entitles the winner to every single electoral college vote in that state. The voters for the losing candidate have lost their importance in the election process and democracy. (At the least the loser should be entitled to a per cent of the electoral votes based on the number of popular votes for the candidate. The horror tales of dire possibilities are endless. Losers in popular votes have become presidents. Elections should not be determined by a single Supreme Court vote or by the House of Representatives. These and other scenarios are scary but real. The solution: the direct popular election of the president and vice president. Every vote and voter would be important. Even including a third or fourth party, the winning candidate would need to receive at least 40% of the popular vote. If not, the candidates with the two highest totals would have an immediate run-off to determine the winner. Although not perfect, the direct election system would eliminate many of the present pitfalls, including the election of a non-plurality president. It would far better equalize voting power, both among and within the states. Party competition within the states and nation would be increased as would voter participation, where every vote would count. Finally, the most important thing of all, the president and vice president are the only elected officials at all levels of government in the USA not decided by direct popular vote. If elected, I’ll gladly jump off my manure pile and work tirelessly to make democracy far fairer for all of you. Can I count on your vote? Hobie Morris is a retired teacher of American history and political science at Central Methodist College in Missouri. He and his wife Lois live in Brookfield. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscriber Services Classifieds Submit Announcements & News Market Place Classifieds Real Estate Your Community News Blotters Herkimer County Oneida-Verona New Hartford Rome Utica Oneida Indian Nation Whitestown Blogs - Living - Sports Sports: Anne Delaney Sports: John Pitarresi Sports: Ron Moshier Boilermaker College Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Uticaod ~ 221 Oriskany Plaza, Utica, NY 13501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Police & Fire Shareable State News Public Eye Blotters Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Utica Comets College Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music Scene TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Shareables Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Records Obituaries iSpy More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs Games Contests History Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber e-Edition Subscriber Services Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive New Oak Hills bus route begins today Sunday Oct 23, 2016 at 12:01 AM Oct 23, 2016 at 10:50 PM Staff Reports Victor Valley Transit Authority will begin new fixed route bus service to Oak Hills today. VVTA Route 24 will become the first to serve Oak Hills and will connect residents to education opportunities as well as medical, social service, retail services, and entertainment venues.  The route will provide daily service to Oak Hills and a portion of Hesperia. Operating every two hours, Route 24 will span 27 miles roundtrip and feature 73 bus stops, including 17 that are new to the system. The route will serve Hesperia Wal-mart, San Joaquin Valley College, and Oak Hills, Hesperia, Mojave and Sultana high schools. The route will connect four bus routes at the Hesperia Post Office: Routes 44, 45, 46, and 48. For more information, visit http://VVTA.org/24. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Search Search News Homecoming Greek Week Sports Entertainment The Verge Opinions Editorials Columns To the Editor Online Features Multimedia Through the lens Live Classifieds Special Housing and Dining Guide Back to Campus About Staff Advertising Privacy Policy More » News Homecoming Greek Week Sports Entertainment The Verge Opinions Editorials Columns To the Editor Online Features Multimedia Through the lens Live Classifieds Special Housing and Dining Guide Back to Campus More » 20 years later, Eastern friendship still going strong Analicia Haynes, Managing Editor October 23, 2016 Filed under Homecoming, Showcase Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Email This Story Send Email Cancel   Analicia Haynes (From left to right) Chris Desmond, Jon Etchison, Patrick Meisberger, Matthias Eggert, Wolfgang Paquin, and Lutz Pehl recreate their graduation photo 20 years later in front of Old Main Saturday. As the minutes tick away and tomorrow becomes yesterday, all the jokes adults make about “the glory days,” or times spent partying with friends and being young slowly become reality during Homecoming. It can be easy to forget just how fast time flies and even easier to neglect the thought that some friendships created in college will be left in the past. However, six friends who spent a year together in Charleston and graduated from Eastern with their MBAs 20 years ago were able to create a lifelong friendship and relive their glory days everyday. The six friends flew in from different parts of the world Friday evening to celebrate another year of Homecoming, one that was 20 years in the making. Though they all make time to see each other throughout the year, whether through rendezvous in Spain or London or just a Skype video to say hi, this year was the friends’ first time being at Eastern together since graduating in 1996. There was no filter in the conversations rekindling the memories that established their friendship years ago. Chris Desmond, Jon Etchison, Patrick Meisberger, Matthias Eggert, Wolfgang Paquin, and Lutz Phel, four Germans and two Americans, found each other in small-town Charleston and made a new family. The jokes were never-ending; as they bickered and made wisecracks at one another, it seemed like they were in college once again. “It’s a little unreal,” Patrick said, shaking his head smiling as he sat in the stands at the Homecoming football game. “It’s really fun, and there are many memories that pop up.” Patrick, who brought his wife and two young children from Germany to experience the school that he spent a year at, explained the American game to his daughter Nina and son Ben. Meisberger, Eggert, Paquin and Phel graduated with undergraduate degrees from the University of Cologne in Germany. The four hardly knew each other before coming to the U.S. on scholarships to get their Masters of Business Administration as part of the Eastern exchange program. “Do you know ‘Ferris Bueller’s Day Off’? (When I came here) I wanted that,” Lutz said, laughing. Lutz described the first couple of weeks at Eastern as long and hard. The content of the schoolwork was not what bothered him though; it was the excessive amount of homework and learning to adapt to an unfamiliar language and American social norms that made it difficult. However, as those first few weeks slowly dissolved, Lutz said he made the remainder of his year just like the movie. “The Germans,” as they were referred to by their friend group, made time to finish their work first, but always found time to party, especially at the infamous “Manor” apartment complex where they all met and the friendship started. “We brought our party culture back to Eastern,” Lutz said. Eggert, the first of the four to arrive in the U.S., said he was lucky Paquin and Meisberger were the ones who put a down payment on the apartment. Jon Etchison helped Eggert when he first arrived, driving him to Wal-Mart and making him feel at home. Though facing some culture shock, the four said it was easy to adapt in America. However, the “reverse culture shock” they felt when going home to Germany after a year in the U.S. really shook them. “It was never my intention to go abroad to get my MBA,” Paquin said. “It was about the experience, living abroad in a different country and getting to know people. It took a while to figure that out. The first couple of months were hard.” Then, when the winter months forced everyone to hunker down indoors, the fun still continued as everyone in the group cozied up with a glass of “Gluehwein,” or mulled wine. From spontaneous road trips to Daytona Beach and Atlanta for the ‘96 Olympics to crazy girlfriends and outrageous parties that gave them their reputation, the friends made the most of their time in Charleston. “I never knew it was an international student apartment,” Holly Etchison, Jon Etchison’s wife, said referring to the apartment she spent the year in just across the hall from Jon Etchison and the Germans. “I learned more that year from that apartment than that year at school.” Holly and Jon Etchison recalled how the four Germans would ask “how to do this” or “why this,” and of course, “oh I hate this,” when referring to certain elements in American culture. “It was fun to indoctrinate them in our culture and show them our perspective,” Jon Etchison said. One of the things they hated, Jon Etchison said, was butter that really is not butter and juice without pulp. “Juice without pulp is heresy,” Jon Etchison said. “It is against the law in Germany.”   Analicia Haynes can be reached at 581-2812 or achaynes@eiu.edu.     Tags: Alumni, Business Administration, homecoming, International students Leave a Comment Recent Comments Mia on Workgroup talks feedback, potential innovations Alison on Column: Ditch passwords, use passphrases Karin on Josh Norman pitches himself for enrollment management Mia on Workgroup No. 4 discusses upcoming recommendations Manuinthesky on Review: Starting to smell a lot like autumn Recent Posts Glassman sends out email encouraging post-election civility November 15, 2016 Workgroup 8 looks at signature programs November 15, 2016 Bob’s Bookstore to host improvisational concert November 14, 2016 Dining halls to host Thanksgiving dinner November 14, 2016 Wong continues to show leadership November 14, 2016 Veterans Day ceremony reflects students’ service November 13, 2016 Theatre arts department to hold annual research symposium November 13, 2016 Student ambassadors gain internship opportunities November 13, 2016 Loading Recent Classifieds... The Daily Eastern News The student news site of Eastern Illinois University in Charleston, Illinois. Search The Daily Eastern News • © 2016 • Privacy Policy • FLEX WordPress Theme by SNO • Log in Search Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Email This Story Send Email Cancel 20 years later, Eastern friendship still going strong Search News Homecoming Greek Week Sports Entertainment The Verge Opinions Editorials Columns To the Editor Online Features Multimedia Through the lens Live Classifieds Special Housing and Dining Guide Back to Campus
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Insider News Sports Business NoCo Life Windsor Beacon Opinion Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media More Home Insider News Sports Business NoCo Life Windsor Beacon Opinion Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 32 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest How does Fort Collins respond to a train derailment? Derailments, while rare, elicit swift response from Northern Colorado emergency crews. Post to Facebook How does Fort Collins respond to a train derailment? Derailments, while rare, elicit swift response from Northern Colorado emergency crews.  Check out this story on coloradoan.com: http://noconow.co/2eIEcF3 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. This story is part of NoCoAsk #NoCoAsk No. 3: Which question should we answer? #NoCoAsk No. 2: Which question should we answer? #NoCoAsk: Is Horsetooth Reservoir getting more campsites? How does Fort Collins respond to a train derailment? Cassa Niedringhaus , cniedringhaus@coloradoan.com 6:57 a.m. MDT October 28, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Aerial video footage taken from a drone show the scene of Sunday's train drailment in Timnath. Nobody was injured in the incident. Courtesy of Terry Evans A trail derailed near Timnath on Sunday. (Photo: Courtesy of Terry Evans) 32 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE What would the impact be to Fort Collins residents if a train derailed in the city — especially a train carrying toxic material? This question was posed by reader Christine Beigert via #NoCoAsk, a newsroom project that allows readers to submit questions and vote for their favorite story ideas. Fifty-five percent of voters selected her question. Here is what you need to know. If a train leaves the tracks in Fort Collins, which happens rarely, the derailment would be met by a swift set of reactions. A train derails in all of Larimer County on average only once a year. Let’s say a train has derailed on Mason Street in downtown Fort Collins. Calls would be made to 911. Dispatchers would field the calls and type “DERAIL” into their computer systems, signaling the resources that need to respond. MORE NEWS:  Crime doesn't pay, but reporting it can The first wave of responders would include an ambulance, two fire engines, two water trucks,a  safety officer, a battalion chief and the three hazardous material units from Poudre Fire Authority's Station 10 in east Fort Collins — in all, more than 20 emergency responders. Once at the scene, the incident commander could ask emergency dispatchers for a second alarm, sending another wave of responders. If the train has been punctured or is on fire, responders would attend first to the people in the area, second to the spill or the blaze and third to the environmental cleanup. Their primary concern is what they call “life safety.” If the fire is oil-fueled, a truck from Station 10, called Foam 10, would respond with its 300 gallons of foam to be mixed with water, which serves like a lid you throw over the grease fire in your kitchen. If necessary, emergency notifications would be sent to people via cellphones, emails and media channels. Evacuation would depend on the product in question, the environment and the wind speed and direction, among other factors. Mike Gavin, the city’s emergency manager, said the concern around a derailment goes beyond the train and its contents. “When you look at the concerns and the risks downtown, I’m more concerned about a car leaving the track and running into something,” Gavin said. EMERGENCIES:  PFA says Fossil Ridge homecoming fire was accidental The good news is a train derailment, especially in downtown, is rather unlikely because of the slow speed at which trains travel through the city. Larimer County has seen 39 train crashes or incidents since 1975, compared to Weld County's 129 and Boulder County's 68. Even better news is that a train traveling through downtown is unlikely to be carrying a load of highly toxic materials. The more likely scenario is hazardous materials traveling through town on trucks. Hazardous materials in town A growing trend in train safety is to route highly toxic materials through less-populated areas where they’ll affect fewer people should they spill. Poudre Fire Authority has access to commodity flow studies for trains and trucks traversing Interstate 25. Although the studies don’t provide a specific schedule, they give a picture of what makes its way past Fort Collins. What doesn’t appear in commodity studies and what arguably poses more of a threat to local residents are the dangerous materials traveling through town on trucks. RAILROADS:  Fort Collins council brakes on train track overpasses The Environmental Protection Agency has set guidelines that require businesses to report their hazardous materials to the state if they meet certain thresholds: 500 pounds of extremely hazardous substances, 75,000 gallons of gasoline, 100,000 gallons of diesel fuel and 10,000 pounds of all other hazardous chemicals. PFA uses these reports to gauge when and where chemicals travel through town. For example, they know the wastewater plant will receive large shipments of chlorine, Anheuser-Busch and other breweries will receive large shipments of chemicals to keep the beer cold and Walmart will receive large shipments of propane tanks for summer grilling. What a spill looks like here On Aug. 25 and Sept. 3, 2009, two separate trucks carrying hot asphalt from Denver to Gould careened off Colorado Highway 14 near the mouth of the Poudre Canyon. Collectively, the trucks spilled more than 10,000 gallons of asphalt and 200 gallons of diesel into the river, according to Coloradoan archives. The Poudre River flows into the Platte River, which flows into the Missouri River, which flows into the Mississippi River, which flows into the Gulf of Mexico. Because the spill was in a “navigable waterway,” Gavin said, PFA was required to alert a national hotline, which notified the Coast Guard and the Environmental Protection Agency. More than 30 agencies had a legal or financial stake in the spill, including the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, EPA, Fort Collins water utilities and river commissioner. A spill of any kind will trigger a multi-agency response. The number of agencies depends on the size and type of the spill. On Oct. 13, 2015, a train near the intersection of Riverside and Lemay avenues ran over a piece of metal, flipping the metal upward and punching a hole in one of its cars that carried diesel fuel. The resulting puncture spilled more than 1,700 gallons of diesel. CRISIS RESPONSE:  PFA firefighters rescue refugees in Mediterranean After the initial cleanup, PFA sought a private contractor to gather the leftover materials and transport them to a hazardous materials landfill, collect the contaminated soil and monitor for adverse environmental effects. Most recently, on May 15, a train derailed in Timnath, sending nine cars off the tracks and spilling fracking sand. An inspection determined that track conditions were responsible for the derailment, according to records maintained by the Federal Railroad Administration. PFA firefighters train with other departments, railroads and businesses. The emergency managers for surrounding towns and the county work and train together as well. "It doesn’t matter whether it’s the county emergency manager sitting here or whether it’s me — we’re inter-operable," Gavin said. "And we’ve tried to do that because there aren’t jurisdiction lines where, well, on this side of the street it’s yours and on this side of the street it’s mine. ... We all have a piece of the puzzle." #NoCoAsk #NoCoAsk is a newsroom experiment. We want to involve the Northern Colorado community in the news-gathering process more often and be more transparent. By asking questions and voting for story ideas, you have more say in the news we produce. We’ll even invite you to join us throughout the reporting process, so you can learn more about how we do what we do. To submit your own question, visit static.coloradoan.com/nocoask/. 32 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/2eIEcF3 TOP VIDEOS Bars of Fort Collins past 1:02 CSU coach Mike Bobo on facing New Mexico 3:08 CSU coach Larry Eustachy on win over NMSU 3:19 CSU's Braden Koelliker, Che Bob after win over NMSU 3:11 CSU linebacker Kevin Davis after loss at Air Force 1:16 CSU coach Mike Bobo after loss at Air Force 3:29 Video: Fossil Ridge celebrates winning first volleyball title 1:00 How does Fort Collins feel about Donald Trump's presidency? 11:06 3-D printing lab looks to expand 1:42 CSU defensive coordinator Marty English on Air Force option 2:41 NoCoAsk #NoCoAsk No. 3: Which question should we answer? Cassa Niedringhaus #NoCoAsk No. 2: Which question should we answer? Cassa Niedringhaus #NoCoAsk: Is Horsetooth Reservoir getting more campsites? Cassa Niedringhaus #NoCoAsk: What are you curious about? Cassa Niedringhaus #NoCoAsk: Submit your question Coloradoan staff NoCoAsk: First question selected Cassa Niedringhaus This story is part of NoCoAsk #NoCoAsk No. 3: Which question should we answer? #NoCoAsk No. 2: Which question should we answer? #NoCoAsk: Is Horsetooth Reservoir getting more campsites?
Home News Business Sports Lifestyle Opinions Obituaries Contact Us Pay Bill Rodriguez gets huge honor Editor October 23, 2016 Comments Off on Rodriguez gets huge honor By KEVIN CHIRI Slidell news bureau SLIDELL – A longtime volunteer in the Slidell community was recognized for years of work with non-profit and civic groups as she was named winner of the 2016 Athena award. Kelly Rodriguez, a Senior Vice President with Resource Bank with 35-years of experience in the business is one of the more public figures at volunteer and community events in the Slidell area, as well as St. Tammany Parish. She was named the winner out of six nominees at the annual Athena awards luncheon at the Northshore Harbor Center in the honor sponsored each year by the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce. “This is such an honor to be nominated along with these other women. I feel like all the others are such outstanding women that they should be standing up here with me,” Rodriguez said after being named the 2016 winner. She encouraged others to volunteer as she has done, noting the rewards for doing so will follow. “If you are not a volunteer I encourage you to step up and do it,” she said. “I remember a quote that those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. Become a volunteer.” Also nominated for the 2016 Athena award were Kim Bergeron, Kathy Miner, Ellen Lamarque, Brenda Bertus and Stephanie Berault. Here are excerpts from bios read for each nominee at the luncheon: Kelly Rodriguez is well recognized both for her skills in mentoring young women in the banking profession and for her passion for creating homes for families in need. Kelly has been a volunteer for East St. Tammany Habitat for Humanity since 2004, a 2010 Leadership Northshore graduate, and worked to link our school system to the Naval Lab through the Math Counts project. She worked on the committee that raised $240,000 for the Kids Unlimited Playground at Camp Salmen Park, and leads Junior Achievement classes for elementary and high school students. She was an organizer for the 2014 Louisiana Veterans Festival and is the recipient of the Bill Lowry Service Above Self Award from the Rotary Club of Slidell. Stephanie Berault is the Executive Director of the Louisiana chapter of the HeartGift Foundation since June 2010. She has served as the Louisiana Committeewoman for the National Young Republican Federation and was the founding Chairperson of the St. Tammany Coalition of Republican Professionals. She represented St. Tammany at the Republican National Conventions in 2016 and 2008 as a Delegate/Alternate Delegate. Some of the organizations she actively supports include the New Orleans Catholic Foundation, where she is currently a Board Member, the Northshore Harbor Center Board of Commissioners, the Northshore Community Foundation, the United Way, the Slidell Memorial Hospital Women’s Health Alliance, the Youth Soccer Club, Slidell Republican Women’s Club, and the Slidell Friends of the Arts. Kim Bergeron, owner of Kim Bergeron Productions, is a champion of the partnership between the arts and local economic development. Former Director of Cultural and Public Affairs for the City of Slidell, Kim raised over $650,000 for arts programming in Slidell and led the economic development initiative that brought Slidell the National League of Cities Gold Award for Municipal Excellence. In partnership with Donna O’Daniels, Kim created the Train of Hope for Sandy Relief, which delivered over $450,000 in relief supplies to Sandy victims from south Louisiana donors via Amtrak. Kim was recently recognized by the American Red Cross for her work on this project. Brenda Bertus (formerly Brenda Reine) has amassed an extensive amount of experience in economic development, construction, land development, business and community relations, management, marketing, and customer sales. Her strong background in project management and staff supervision has led her to be called “St. Tammany’s most valuable economic driver.” Before becoming CEO of the St. Tammany Economic Development Foundation, Brenda was the co-owner and vice-president a large development and construction firm in Slidell. She also worked as a real estate agent, a senior account executive, general manager of an outlet mall and served three years as the CEO of the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce. She has served on the Boards of many organizations including the Friends of the Harbor Center, Greater New Orleans, Inc., the Louisiana Industrial Development Executives Association, the Boys and Girls Club, and the Ochsner Medical Center-Northshore Governing Board. Ellen Ellinwood Lamarque spent 28 years educating our children and has been honored for outstanding teaching from numerous organizations including the Elks, the Radio Shack/Tandy Outstanding Teachers Champion of the Classroom, the Ameri-chem USA Principal’s Outstanding Teacher Award, Wal-Mart Regional Teacher of the Year and the Louisiana Education of Distinction Award. In addition, Ellen was recognized as the Salmen High School Teacher of the Year on four separate occasions. Ellen has served as President of the Women’s Civic Club and is active in many organizations including the Rainbow Childcare Center, the East St. Tammany Chamber of Commerce, Friends of the Harbor Center, Women’s Health Alliance, Slidell Memorial Hospital, Slidell Mainstreet Committee and Keep Slidell Beautiful. Cathy Miner approached the principal at St. Mary’s Academy and told her that the school needed a mental health counselor and handed her a proposal. After a deep discussion about the benefits of having a counselor on staff to provide services to a population not used to seeking services, Cathy began a journey of caring for the emotional wellbeing of African American girls at an unprecedented level at this historically Black Catholic middle and high school. Cathy has provided pro bono Safe Environment training to students, school personnel and volunteers in Lacombe and New Orleans for the last eight years. She is also a volunteer with the Metropolitan Youth Foundation. Tweet POSTED IN » News Comments are closed. Subscribe to RSS Feed 2459 Fans Find us on Facebook Slidell Business Directory Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Slidell Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Slidell Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Slidell Lawn Services Lawyers in Slidell Shopping in Slidell Travel to Slidell Tanning in Slidell Used Cars in Slidell Wedding Services ▼ Add your business here + Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 December 2009 Copyright © 2013 - All rights reserved. Powered by eSYNCSBack to Top
Books Dr. Mark Hyman’s new cookbook advises we can ‘Eat Fat, Get Thin’ Eat & Drink Giving chains: Holiday customers enjoy paying it forward Lifestyles Long-term, reversible contraception gains traction with teens Lifestyles Surprising study finds possible culprit in pre-term births Books Cookbook speaks volumes for autistic teen’s many accomplishments Lifestyles Denali National Park: 10 tips to make the most of your visit Lifestyles Five things to love about the revamped Queen Mary 2 Entertainment Adele candid about postpartum depression, more in VF cover story Health Care Cholesterol test for 1-year-olds? Study says it could help Lifestyles Ask Doctor K.: Silent heart attacks and the risks they pose 53° Lifestyles Trending Lifestyles Home Well Horoscopes Dear Abby Relationship Advice Travel News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Opinion Home Sponsored Content Lifestyles Lifestyles 10/23/2016, 08:24pm Toy companies break down barriers to be more inclusive Barbie Fashionistas, from Mattel, on display at the annual TTPM Holiday Showcase, in New York. Toy companies are offering products that are more inclusive, from Barbie dolls in all shapes, sizes and skin tones to baby dolls aimed at boys. Toy companies are also offering dolls that represent different disabilities. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) — Toy companies are working harder to think outside their usual box, offering more-inclusive items like dolls with disabilities, female superhero figures and characters with a range of skin tones. Many of the products breaking down the barriers started with smaller businesses, but big names like Mattel and Hasbro are getting into the game and offering lots more options this holiday season. What that means on the shelves is Barbies that have a greater variety of body types, eye colors and facial structures, a Lego mini-figure of a boy who uses a wheelchair, and an American Girl doll with accessories like a diabetes kit and arm crutches in addition to the hearing aids and service dogs it has offered before. Other items include coding toys, robots and circuit builder sets aimed at both girls and boys. Jennifer Weitzman, whose 5-year-old daughter Hannah has cochlear implants, has the American Girl doll with hearing aids and a Tinker Bell doll with a cochlear implant that Weitzman bought from a British site called ToyLikeMe.org. “She lit up when she was given them. She thinks it’s awesome that they have implants just like her,” said Weitzman, of Mount Kisco, New York. “For many kids, it helps them identify and makes them feel included.” The Star Wars Rogue One Elite Series characters, from The Disney Store on display at the annual TTPM Holiday Showcase, in New York earlier this month. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The trend started a few years ago, pushed by parents who didn’t see enough diversity in the toy aisle and were turning to the internet or startups to find items. Increasingly, the inclusiveness in the toy aisle means dolls with disabilities. Toys R Us has carried an exclusive line since 2013 called Journey Girls, which includes a wheelchair and a crutch set. Its partnership with American Girl to carry the Truly Me collection starting this month will include dolls that also use crutches, diabetes kits and wheelchairs. While Lego has had larger figures before that use wheelchairs, the mini-figure introduced this year comes as part of the “Fun in the Park” set, mixed in with several figures that don’t. “The designers were thinking about what might you see in the park in the city,” said Lego spokesman Michael McNally. Lego mini-figures had been yellow so that children could imagine their own identity for the characters. “We’ve always been about helping kids find themselves,” McNally said. But in 2004, it introduced flesh tones when representing real-life personalities. Experts say it’s critical for children to play with toys that don’t perpetuate stereotypes about what’s considered beautiful. They say the toys children play with have lasting impressions on their careers and their confidence. “There’s been some good progress, but there is a lot of work that needs to be done,” said Elizabeth Sweet, a sociologist and lecturer at California State University in Sacramento, California. “Kids need to see themselves in the toys and objects they interact with.” For building toys, the company GoldieBlox, founded in 2012, was among the first to disrupt the pink aisle by offering construction sets aimed at girls. But it also realized it needed more racial diversity, and last fall introduced a black character called Ruby Rails and has since then added a Latina engineer called Valentina and other characters. Mattel DC Super Hero Girls. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Many experts have been closely watching the moves made by Mattel, particularly with its iconic Barbie, whose business has been rebounding amid a makeover after seeing its sales suffer. The nation’s largest toy maker launched the Barbie Fashionista collection last year that offered more skin tones, eye colors and facial structures. This year, it added three body types — curvy, petite and tall. It said those items have been doing well. Spokeswoman Michelle Chidoni says the company is also looking to add different body shapes to the Barbie career line and the Fairytale doll collection. Racial diversity can also be key. American Girl, which is owned by Mattel, launched a doll this year whose story is that she is growing up in civil rights-era Detroit. Wal-Mart’s My Life As doll collection has expanded the number of skin shades available, and Hasbro is adding more skin tones to its Baby Alive doll for next year. Beyond introducing dolls and games that feature all kinds of characters, companies are starting to think differently about toys that have traditionally been aimed at boys or girls. The White House held a conference on gender stereotypes in media and the toys, drawing executives from major toy companies. Target Corp. phased out gender-based signage in the toy aisle last year. It also was for a time the exclusive seller of Mattel’s DC Super Hero Girls, including Wonder Woman and Batgirl, which were the first 6-inch action figures designed for girls. They join other female characters in the action figure aisle that include Black Widow and Star Wars heroine Rey, says Jim Silver, editor-in-chief of TTPM, an online toy review site. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is selling its first 18-inch boy doll this holiday season under the My Life As brand, and Hasbro plans to launch a boy doll under the Baby Alive brand next year. John Frascotti, president of Hasbro Brands, cited My Little Pony, which originally was aimed at girls, and Nerf, which was traditionally for boys. Hasbro found the brands attract both boys and girls, so three years ago, it launched Nerf Rebelle that was styled for girls. As for My Little Pony, it’s expanding into comic books, usually more a domain for boys. “We are focusing on storytelling and worrying less about gender,” he said. ANNE D’INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer # toys Barbie Previously from Lifestyles Dear Abby: For Thanksgiving, I'll come if she leaves | Chicago Sun-Times Dear Abby: Holiday invitation excludes one child | Chicago Sun-Times Dear Abby: Quit blessing me when I sneeze | Chicago Sun-Times Dear Abby: Longtime addict at end of his rope | Chicago Sun-Times Currently Trending chicago Vrdolyak indicted on income tax evasion, impeding IRS | Chicago Sun-Times dear abby Dear Abby: For Thanksgiving, I'll come if she leaves | Chicago Sun-Times chicago State unveils new design, will replace faulty license plates | Chicago Sun-Times dear abby Dear Abby: Holiday invitation excludes one child | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Get out of jail free? Sheriff proposes scrapping cash-bond system | Chicago Sun-Times Post to Cancel
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing ISIS UnCovered Zika Virus Outbreak TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Oct 19 2016, 2:19 pm ET Surprises on the Forbes 400, as Tech Titans Overtake Investors by Dakshayani Shankar Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement Tech titans and soaring stock prices have shaken up Forbes' annual list of the richest people in America, with a surprise in the second spot — but no surprise at the top. The Forbes 400 list, which tabulates the wealth of America's wealthiest individuals, ranks Bill Gates as America's richest man for the 23rd year running, with a net worth of $81 billion. Amazon's Jeff Bezos leapfrogged over billionaire investor Warren Buffett to snag second place, with a net worth of $67 billion to Buffett's $65 billion. Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon, speaks during a press conference in this September 6, 2012 in Santa Monica, California. JOE KLAMAR / AFP/ Getty Images file Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg climbed up to fourth place from 16th in 2015, with $55.5 billion. Oracle founder Larry Ellison rounds out the top 5 list with $49 billion, but saw his rank fall for the first since 2007. All-Time Highs The country's 400 richest people have a combined net worth of $2.4 trillion, and an average net worth of $6 billion, an all-time high. Immigrant Billionaires The list includes 42 billionaires who were born outside the U.S., with the largest number being from Israel (6), India (5), Hungary (4) and Taiwan (4). Also worth noting: 14 percent of them are richer than Donald Trump. Google co-founder Sergey Brin looks on during a news conference at Google headquarters on September 25, 2012 in Mountain View, California. Justin Sullivan / Getty Images The wealthiest immigrant on the list is Russian-born Google co-founder Sergey Brin, whose $37.5 billion fortune secured 10th place. Women Fifty-one women crossed the minimum entry requirement this year and landed themselves on the list, up from 46 last year. America's richest woman is Alice Walton, the only daughter of Wal-Mart's founder. Walton increased her net worth by $3.4 billion to $35.4 billion this year and climbed to #13 on the list. Newcomers Blaze Through It's the year of the newcomers, with 22 upstarts joining the list for 2016. Jen-Hsun Huang, founder of chipmaker Nvidia slid in at 395 on the list, with $1.7 billion; and Rakesh Gangwal, cofounder of India's budget-friendly airline IndiGo, tied for the 321st spot, with $2.4 billion. Reversal of Fortune Of the 25 billionaires who dropped off the list, Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes now has a net worth of $800 million, having seen her fortune plummet from $4.5 billion in 2015. Theranos Chief Executive Officer Elizabeth Holmes speaks on stage at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards where she receives an award, in the Manhattan borough of New York November 9, 2015. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri REUTERS Dakshayani Shankar Email Topics Business News, Pop Culture News, U.S. news First Published Oct 19 2016, 2:19 pm ET Next Story Morgan Stanley Bigwigs Made Millions on Post-Trump Stock Rally advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 203 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The Buzz: An argument for the little guy Retailers give behind-the-scenes peek at what small shops face today. Post to Facebook The Buzz: An argument for the little guy Retailers give behind-the-scenes peek at what small shops face today.  Check out this story on postcrescent.com: http://post.cr/2f6ynFI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 5 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. The Buzz: An argument for the little guy Maureen Wallenfang , USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 9:32 a.m. CDT October 24, 2016 Buy Photo Head mechanic and service manager Ezra Schoonover repairs a fat bike at Cranked Bike Studio in Neenah. (Photo: Dan Powers/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)Buy Photo 203 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE Owners of small retail shops might not take a paycheck for the first year or two in business. And they may have paid for their dream ventures with every penny of their personal savings, plus a second mortgage on the house. If Steve Pratt ever wrote a book, he says he'd title it, “The small retailer: What the consumer doesn’t know,” and fill it with this kind of insider information. Pratt — who's known as Pratter by his staff and customers —  is owner of the Cranked Bike Shop on Main Street in Neenah. He's been on the front lines of small retail for nearly 40 years. He knows that the love of what shopowners do motivates them, but his behind-the-scenes peek would also reveal that they pay a steep price for their passion. He says many work seven days a week and seldom, if ever, take vacations. They work extra hours before or after shop hours. Many work alone, which makes eating lunch or even going to the bathroom a challenge. “Small retailers do not have insurance, pensions, retirement plans or dental plans,” he said. “We usually have to do everything — marketing, ordering, bookkeeping, cleaning, repairs, organizing.” That brings up the question of why do it at all, but he said they want to be their own bosses and create their own businesses. Tina Palmer, another downtown Neenah shopowner, has two stores: Vintique and Red Door Mercantile. She agrees that small retailers take great financial risk in exchange for the satisfaction of creating something new. “We really love our community enough to put our heart and soul into everything we do,” she said. "At the very minimum, it takes at least two years, up to five, to get financially established, find your way and get the word out there to even let people know you exist." The reality, though, is that she still has people who walk into her 7-year-old Vintique store and ask if it’s new. Pratt sees that trends are not on the side of small retailers. They've been battered by the rise of big box stores and discounters, and now they’re particularly vulnerable to the internet's cheap tax-free prices. While his prices are not as inexpensive as those on the internet, he says he and small local shops offer a better value in the long run. The price in his shop includes fitting the bike to the rider and expert knowledge. Big boxes and mail order bypass the assembly, adjustments and service that are free-flowing in a small shop. Buy Photo Steve Pratt is the owner of Cranked Bike Studio in Neenah.  (Photo: Dan Powers/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin) Small retailers are part of the fabric of American business, Pratt said, and everyone has a stake in keeping them around, not only for the character of their communities, but also for employment. If they disappear, “million of jobs would be gone,” he said. U.S. Small Business Administration stats back him up in a report on the country's 28 million small businesses. “Small businesses provide 55 percent of all jobs and 66 percent of all net new jobs since the 1970s,” it reported. At the same time, the SBA paints a dismal picture of their survival rate. One-third of all small businesses fold in the first two years, it reports. Just 50 percent make it to five years. Only a third are still in business at the 10-year mark. “It takes anywhere from three to five years for a small retailer to become settled or established,” Pratt said. “A lot have to have a partner bring in an income to live on. The new business cannot support itself, and you have to survive. So another (person) has to be there to make it happen.” Pratt wouldn’t reveal how much he pays himself now, but said most would be shocked to hear how low it is. He did confirm that if a $15-an-hour mandatory minimum wage ever becomes reality, he’d not only be giving employees a raise, but he’d get one himself. Other retailers say there are a few more crucial things that customers should know. “When people support small businesses in their community, it has a domino effect,” said Vintique's Palmer. “The money you spend stays in the community. We as businesses are constantly supporting other small businesses. We’re very mindful of that.” When small retailers fail, it’s usually not for a lack of trying. They've tried loyalty cards, Facebook and some form of advertising. Fox Cities resident Jane Sprangers opened The Bookworm in Darboy in 2004, and the sunny yellow book shop only lasted two years despite her best efforts. Ultimately, she figured location may have been her downfall. “I had loyal customers; I just did not have enough walk-ins," she said. "The location of your store is crucial.” The experience also opened her eyes. “I have a new respect for all small businesses,” she said. “If I walk in, I’ll always purchase something for myself or a gift. I know they struggle, even if they don’t look like they’re struggling.” Pratt also believes consumers should patronize small shops if they want to keep them in their communities. “If a shop does not have anyone come in that day, this means no gross dollars in. No money to pay for the items in the store let alone any profit to pay the bills. This includes the owner’s income. No sales means simply no money.” He also said he’s not sure why so many customers routinely press for discounts from tiny retailers who can ill afford to give them. “People don’t ask Walmart for a deal, or the grocery store, so why ask a small retailer? If they go into a shoe store and they like the product, they buy it. Here, they’ll say ‘what’s your best price?’ or ‘what can you throw in?’” He tells customers that it is his best price, hoping they won't just kick the tires and leave. Maureen Wallenfang: 920-993-7116, or mwallenfang@postcrescent.com; on Twitter @wallenfang Buy Photo Cranked Bike Studio in Neenah.  (Photo: Dan Powers/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin) This week’s reader question: Now it’s your turn After reading about what retailers think consumers should know in this story, here's an opportunity for the customers to turn the tables. This week’s reader question asks, “What do you want small retailers to know?” Let them know what they should do or say to get your business and loyalty. Maybe you have suggestions about hours, staffing or something else entirely that you think they’re overlooking. This is meant to be constructive criticism rather than bashing any individual store. Send me your opinion by the end of the day Thursday to be in time for a reader response column running next Monday. You can post here, send me an email or even call on the phone. I’ll start. I have a bone to pick with stores that ask for my phone number or email before they’ll ring up my purchases. It's none of their business. Just take the money and don't ask for any personal information. Attitudes also irk me. I stopped going to two shops in Appleton because the people behind the counter — the owners, believe it or not — were always grumpy and complaining. Hey, if we want this kind of attitude, we can just stay home with the teenagers. Maureen Wallenfang: 920-993-7116, or mwallenfang@postcrescent.com; on Twitter @wallenfang 203 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/2f6ynFI
Share 5.5k Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-15 Bill Clinton Nude Photo Leaked By Anonymous? Fake President Clinton Naked Pic With Prostitute Fools Twitter [Hoax] Opinion 2016-11-15 The Democratic Establishment Has Betrayed Our Entire Planet News 2016-11-15 Zara Clothing Store Sued By Woman Who Finds Mouse ‘Sewn Into Her Dress’ News 2016-11-15 Defiant Women Donating To Planned Parenthood In ‘Pro-Lifer’ Mike Pence’s Name, He Gets An Alert Every Time It’s Done Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Destiny’ Weekly Reset For Nov. 15, Take A Breather With Wretched Eye Nightfall Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Will Miss Nintendo Switch Release Date Because Of Development Delays Gaming 2016-11-14 Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Dear Oprah: We’re Not The Problem, We’re The Solution Opinion 5.5k 0 0 October 23, 2016 Dear Oprah: We’re Not The Problem, We’re The Solution Caitlin Johnstone The following article is entirely the opinion of Caitlin Johnstone and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. I lost a hero yesterday. Oprah Winfrey, in one of those typical sleazy, gaslighty mental feats of illusion that Clinton supporters have become famous for, told people who are having trouble bringing themselves to support Hillary that they don’t have to like the illicitly-nominated Democratic nominee, but they do have to vote for her. “She’s not coming over to your house! You don’t have to like her,” I read my former soul sister say in this infernal Politico article to the sound of my heart ripping in half. Like that’s the problem. I don’t support Hillary because she’s not the sort of person I’d want to have over for tea. It’s got nothing to do with her corporate cronyism, her consistently disastrous warmongering, the way she’s dragging America kicking and screaming into a military confrontation with a nuclear superpower, or the fact that her election will mark the official time of death of democracy in the United States. Nope! It’s that she’s not the sort of person I’d want to have over and watch reruns of Friends with on the couch. No thanks, ma'am. '#Oprah On #Hillary #Clinton: You Don';t Have to Like Her, Just #Vote For Her https://t.co/NxZpyIrc7u — Tamarind Lemur (@tamarindlemur) October 23, 2016 Listen Oprah, you horrible, cruel, beautiful goddess of a woman, I would gleefully live with Hillary Clinton if it would stop her from becoming president. I would happily live as her roommate until whatever weird diseases she’ll inevitably succumb to get the better of her, if that would save my kids from having to grow up in a world where that woman is the Commander-in-Chief of the greatest military force on the planet. That was a nasty, manipulative lie you told your adoring fans with your silky smooth voice, and I’ll never forgive you for it. Another good woman down. Crap. I’m getting so sick of this. Treating people who won’t support that evil woman like we’re the problem, when we’re the only ones with our eyes still open. And I’m not just talking about the people who’ve done their research and can conceptually articulate what a force of destruction she is, either. Even the everyday Americans who don’t have time for political obsession, but who are still in-tune enough with their primal intuition to know a predator when they see one, are beacons of light in the darkness, because that intuition is immune to the toxic manipulations and mind viruses the neoliberal think tank has been frantically trying to stuff into their heads. At least, as long as they trust that intuition more than they trust the people trying to convince them to abandon it. But that’s precisely what Oprah was trying to do. She was addressing that “Ewww” feeling in our belly that she darn well knows is there because she obviously has it too, and trying to trick us into laughing it off and ignoring it. “Oh, your animal body goes into fright mode whenever you hear her voice? That ain’t no thing.” After years and years of getting us to dig into our intuition and trust our guts, Oprah is now saying we should press “override” and vote for the woman that everything in our being screams “NO!” at. That’s what all of those awful people are trying to do. The talking heads on the news, the fake comedians on Comedy Central and HBO, all these faux progressives acting like they’re somehow being rebellious and outspoken when all they’re doing is trying to gaslight Americans into abandoning their inner vision to prop up the Walmart/welfare system for the benefit of billionaires. #MotherOnFire #JillNotHill #NeverHillary https://t.co/hJ1MeZkbIj — Ida Martinac (@IdaMartinac) October 21, 2016 People who refuse to be bullied and manipulated into falling in line are not the problem, they’re the solution. The clear-eyed rebels are the only ones left with any hope of dragging us out of this mess, because everyone else is marching headlong into a more pervasively-bolstered corporate kleptocracy and a probable World War III. Despite all the deceptions being sown by Hillary’s goons in the corporate media, we’re the ones who’ve managed to plant our feet in the surging tsunami of deceit and begin collaborating with the basement dwellers, the Bernie-or-Busters, the visionaries, the mystics, the healers, the true artists, the Greens, the whistleblowers, the transparency advocates, and yes, even the “deplorable” victims of the Walmart economy on the political right, to bring the light of truth to the forefront of social consciousness. We’re not going to stop, and we’re not going to fall in line. And in the end, we’re going to win. We’ve reached critical mass now, and the age-old power structures have been forced, in desperation, to extend themselves way too far into the light in order to keep things under control. What we’ve seen cannot be unseen, and we’re going to keep shining brighter and brighter and dragging all the structures of manipulation and control into the light to break the spell the rest of society has fallen under. In the end, the machinations of oppression will be shrugged off like a heavy coat on a warm day. We won’t expect a thank you for our efforts, but hey. You’re welcome in advance. [Featured Image by AP Photo/Stephen Chernin] Now Watch This: Val Chmerkovskiy Sued For $6 Million After Posting Insulting Meme Now Read This: The Democratic Establishment Has Betrayed Our Entire Planet Share 5.5k Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Caitlin Johnstone Tags: clinton, election, Hillary, oprah Comments LATEST HEADLINES Donald Trump Linked To LGBT Suicide Hotline Call Spike: Fears Include Gay Marriage & Health Care Black Friday 2016 Target, Toys R Us & Walgreens Sales Deals Include HDTV’s, Xbox One & PS4 Games, Pet Supplies & More Cynthia Bailey Divorce: Reveals She Struggled With Staying Friends With Peter Thomas Justin Bieber Didn’t Just Marry Selena Gomez In The Caribbean And He Isn’t Dating Former Girlfriend Sofia Richie Kylie Jenner & Kris Jenner Feud: Kris Slams Tyga, ‘He Pushes Her Buttons Like Nobody Else’ ‘Love And Hip Hop: New York’ Spoilers: Five Things We Can Expect This Season Ian Somerhalder And Nina Dobrev’s ‘The Vampire Diaries’ Reunion Confirmed! To End Without Her Would Be ‘Devastating’ [Poll] Miranda Lambert & Anderson East To Get Married Before Blake Shelton & Gwen Stefani? Bill Clinton Nude Photo Leaked By Anonymous? Fake President Clinton Naked Pic With Prostitute Fools Twitter [Hoax] WWE Wanted To Make Rob Van Dam A ‘Paul Heyman Guy’ During His Run With The Company In 2014 Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 53.5k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 29.2k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 13.8k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.8k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 23.1k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.1k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines Ian Somerhalder And Nina Dobrev’s ‘The Vampire Diaries’ Reunion Confirmed! To End Without Her Would Be ‘Devastating’ [Poll] 0 0 0 Bill Clinton Nude Photo Leaked By Anonymous? Fake President Clinton Naked Pic With Prostitute Fools Twitter [Hoax] 0 0 0 WWE Wanted To Make Rob Van Dam A ‘Paul Heyman Guy’ During His Run With The Company In 2014 0 0 0 Philadelphia Eagles Vs. Seattle Seahawks: 5 Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Showdown 1 0 0 Melissa Gorga Says Husband Was Voice Of Reason: ‘I Am Not Going To Break That Promise’ 0 0 0 Selena Gomez ‘Focuses On Mental Health’ In Rehab: Her Granddad Talks Justin Bieber Split 2 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
43.0°, LIGHT RAIN FORECAST SEARCH LOGIN SUBSCRIBE PITTSFIELD, MASS. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2016 Toggle navigation Main menu News Local news National news World news Community news Education Police logs Calendar New England Lotteries Daniel Pearl Scholarship Sports Local sports Red Sox Yankees Patriots Giants Celtics Bruins Business Business news Real estate news Entertainment The 413 Berkshires Week Berkshires Week calendar Theater reviews Movie reviews The Ultimate Dining Guide Horoscopes TV listings Lifestyles Insights Berkshire lifestyles Health Food & recipes Outdoors Best of the Berkshires Announcements Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Columnists Blogs Obituaries Today's obituaries View all Publications Special sections Book of Homes Berkshire Business News Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Top listings Place an ad Legal Notices Tools e-Edition Contact us Subscriber services Newspapers in Education RSS Nine months in jail for man who caused $2,400 in damage during St. Charles Church break-in Kimball Posted Monday, October 24, 2016 3:52 am By Bob Dunn bdunn@berkshireeagle.com @BobDunn413 on Twitter PITTSFIELD — A city man has been sentenced to nine months in jail for a string of break-ins, including one that caused thousands of dollars in damage to a church but netted less than $30. Christopher Kimball, 36, who has a 12-page criminal record that spans back to 1998, admitted Friday to the incidents between June 11 and July 11. Assistant Berkshire District Attorney Caitlin Shugrue said Kimball has already served time on assault and larceny convictions. Kimball's attorney, Joseph Zlatnik, said his client "immediately," began taking advantage of counseling and therapy opportunities while in pretrial detention in an effort to better himself. "He's a very different person than the one I met a few months ago," Zlatnik said, noting Kimball was willing to take full responsibility for his actions. Those actions include a charge of receiving stolen property under $250, being found with a blank check stolen from a couple for whom Kimball was working at the time, vandalizing a window at the Barton's Crossing shelter in an attempt to break into a vacant room, and a larceny under $250 by false pretense charge for fraudulently returning merchandise to Walmart in order to get a $190 refund. Kimball also admitted to a June 12 break-in at St. Charles Church, during which he'd pried open a pair of prayer boxes. He stole about $25, but, in the process, caused an estimated $2,400 worth of damage. Zlatnik said Kimball's first instinct when he went to the church was an attempt to find work and food, a statement corroborated by the Rev. Peter Gregory, who was interviewed by police around the time of the theft. Kimball pleaded guilty in Central Berkshire District Court on Friday to charges in four separate cases. Rota offered to sentence Kimball to one year in the Berkshire Jail and House of Correction, effectively ending his case, or nine months in jail, followed by another six months of probation with conditions. Kimball accepted the latter offer and was given credit for 87 days of time already served while awaiting trial. Contact Bob Dunn at 413-441-3415. Print Email Tweet TALK TO US If you'd like to leave a comment (or a tip or a question) about this story with the editors, please email us. We also welcome letters to the editor for publication; you can do that by filling out our letters form and submitting it to the newsroom. Other items that may interest you Economic weak spots concern for voters Canning, Hinds square off to succeed Downing The campaign that put the 'ugh' in ugly Ultra-luxurious Canyon Ranch condos almost complete Local news Racially themed vandalism found at Williams; state launches hotline WILLIAMSTOWN - Racially themed graffiti and vandalism found inside a Williams College building over the weekend does not pose an immediate threat, according to the administration. In an email signed by Williams College President Adam Falk, a … Dozens gather at Park Square in Pittsfield for student-organized 'rally for hope' Citing concussion risk, Williamstown doctor wants schools to rethink football From Obamacare to Trumpcare: If president-elect phases out Affordable Care Act, 'we really don't know what's going to happen' Pittsfield City Council set to OK bump in residential property taxes Read more Sports Williams men's hockey ready to begin 2016-17 campaign Williams women's soccer will host NCAA Division III Regional Emma Jourdain, Lenox girls win Western Mass. Division II cross-country race Mount Greylock boys win Western Mass. Division II cross-country race for seventh consecutive title Williams men's and women's cross-country both finish second at New England's Read more Trending Dozens gather at Park Square in Pittsfield for student-organized 'rally for hope' Hundreds turn out to protest Trump in Williamstown Eagle pulls 'Herman' comic strip Citing concussion risk, Williamstown doctor wants schools to rethink football Pittsfield City Council set to OK bump in residential property taxes © , The Berkshire Eagle Contact us Terms of use Privacy policy Powered by Creative Circle Media Solutions

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Downtown Entertainment Business Life HEALTH Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Downtown Entertainment Business Life HEALTH Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Buscar Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 21 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Smash-and-grab gun shop burglaries rise in Carolinas While the Oct. Post to Facebook Smash-and-grab gun shop burglaries rise in Carolinas While the Oct.  Check out this story on greenvilleonline.com: http://grnol.co/2eGOHsb {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Smash-and-grab gun shop burglaries rise in Carolinas Scott Keeler , dskeeler@greenvillenews.com 12:02 p.m. EDT October 23, 2016 Buy Photo New bollards have been installed at The Gun Shop in Simpsonville following a burglary in which a stolen minivan was intentionally crashed into the front door. (Photo: SCOTT KEELER / Staff)Buy Photo 21 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE While the Oct. 13 smash-and-grab burglary at The Gun Shop may have been an isolated incident for Simpsonville, it's one of several in the region that have caught the attention of law enforcement, including the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF). Just before 3 a.m. on Oct. 13, Simpsonville police said three unknown suspects drove a stolen, white Chrysler minivan with a North Carolina license plate through the front door. The suspects then stole an undisclosed number of handguns before fleeing in a waiting getaway car, according to Simpsonville police investigator James Donnelly. Eight days later, a case eerily similar to the one in Simpsonville took place near Charlotte. According to police reports, a stolen Mercedes SUV was intentionally driven through the front of Eagle Guns in Concord, North Carolina around 3 a.m. Friday morning. After the crash, weapons were stolen. According to reports, more than 420 guns have been stolen in the Charlotte area this year. “North Carolina’s getting slammed,” Donnelly said. The act of purposely driving a vehicle into a store to burglarize it has become common enough that it’s now called ram-raiding. According to news reports, vehicles have also been driven into gun shops in Buford, Georgia, Newport News, Virginia and Louisville, Kentucky since July. Federal investigators are offering a cash reward of up to $15,000 for tips leading to the arrest of those responsible for the incident at The Gun Shop. The ATF is offering a reward of up to $7,500, which will be matched by the National Shooting Sports Foundation — the trade association for the firearms industry — for a total of $15,000, Special Agent Gerod King of the Charlotte division of ATF said. “One of the crimes becoming more prevalent in North and South Carolina has been gun shop burglaries and robberies,” King said. "We're putting a priority on those, so therefore we're offering rewards on pretty much all of these cases throughout the Carolinas." THE GREENVILLE NEWS $15K reward offered in Simpsonville gun store burglary The Gun Shop manager Adam Medlin and Donnelly said they could not say what was taken from the shop as the ATF has yet to release that information. Donnelly said the case is progressing well though, and even better than he expected at this point. “Things are looking positive and we should have some resolution soon,” Donnelly said. Two days after the minivan destroyed the entrance at The Gun Shop, the store reopened for business, albeit with a very different look. The 3-year-old shop’s front door used to have windows on either side with security bars in one section of the windows. The windows and glass door were framed by a brick border. After reopening on Oct. 15, the windows that were located on one side of the door have been replaced by a red concrete wall. A barred window remains on the other side of the glass door, but now in front of the glass portion of the building are five red concrete bollards separated a few feet apart. Simpsonville Interim Police Chief Steve Moore believes the last time a Simpsonville gun shop was burglarized prior to this occurred in 2009. He said thieves in that case broke through a concrete block at the back entrance with a sledgehammer. The latest incident has him wondering what’s next. “Businesses like these try to take precautions because they know this could happen. … The Gun Shop looked pretty secure (in the past),” Moore said. “That doesn’t account for the brazen, drive-your-car-through-the-front-door sort of guys that we had happen here. “Any kind of physical security that you have up can be defeated given the ability of the criminal or outside the box thinking.” While there are quite a few other stores that sell guns in Simpsonville, including pawn shops and Walmart, the Gun Shop is the first with a shooting range. Prior to opening on June 1, 2013, a city ordinance was changed to allow the discharging of a firearm in an indoor shooting gallery within city limits. Moore said a big concern during debate by City Council when discussing the ordinance change was noise. He said the Police Department has yet to hear a complaint of noise coming from The Gun Shop. “They spoke with the library next door, and library officials didn’t have an ounce of concern,” Simpsonville Planning and Zoning Manager Jason Knudsen said. “There’s nothing over and beyond they had to do to open there. … The range itself had to be approved by federal regulations. “There’s no public safety issue there. It’s only a perceived issue.” Anyone who was in the area of N.E. Main St. between 2:30 a.m. and 3 a.m. on Oct. 13 is asked to contact Donnelly at jdonnelly@simpsonvillepd.com or call Greenville County Crime Stoppers at 864-23-CRIME. Tipsters can also contact the ATF at 1-800-ATF-GUNS or email ATFTips@atf.gov. All calls and tips will be kept confidential. Staff writer Anna Lee contributed to this story. 21 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://grnol.co/2eGOHsb TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Man explains why he is poll watching at a Greenville County Precinct 0:42 Church Burned and Vandalized in Greenville 2:17 Todd Kohlhepp's neighbors relieved he's in custody 1:17 Family dog euthanized during search 1:58 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 More Stories College Football Playoff is now organized chaos Nov. 14, 2016, 5:24 p.m. Update on Table Rock State Park fire Nov. 14, 2016, 4:44 p.m. Table Rock residents discuss evacuations Nov. 14, 2016, 4:41 p.m. Pediatrician: Take precautions to protect children with asthma from wildfire smoke Nov. 15, 2016, 11:32 a.m.
Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Bills Sabres Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Submit Obituary Last 24 hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History Weekly Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Data Health and Fitness Lifestyles Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Servotronics' profits fall 51 percent as costs rise Northwest Bank debuts new-style branch in Orchard Park Expat moves Silicon Valley software startup to Buffalo Local auto dealers invest millions on makeovers Erie County Real Estate Transactions Niagara County Real Estate Transactions Biz Talk: Buffalo firm goes from real estate to travel and back again Manufacturers saw growth in October, report says Broader group of 43North finalists vie for prize ACV Auctions won the million dollars in the 43North business plan competition in 2015. From left are Joe Nieman, Dan Magnuszewski and Jack Greco. (Sharon Cantillon/Buffalo News) By Stephen T. Watson Published Sun, Oct 23, 2016 SHARE TWEET EMAIL This year's collection of 43North finalists is larger, and less parochial, than the group of companies brought in last year for the $5 million business plan competition. In 2015, the contest’s second year, six of the 11 finalist companies were from Buffalo Niagara or Southern Ontario. This year, just two of the 16 finalist companies are from the region. The 16 finalists include four from Boston, three from the Washington, D.C.-Baltimore area, three from downstate New York and two from San Francisco. All of those regions have more mature startup scenes than the Buffalo area. 43North organizers made a series of changes to the application process this year, to emphasize bringing in a higher-quality mix of companies even if the contest drew fewer applications overall. Instead of an initial, eight-question application, companies filled out the intensive, 60-question application that previously came during the second stage. They also asked for financial information from the companies in the first round instead of the second round. And they charged an application fee for the first time, of either $50 or $100. The contest drew 542 applications this year, compared to 11,350 last year, but 74 percent of last year’s applications were immediately thrown out because they didn’t meet the eligibility guidelines. Contest officials say the changes paid off. In one sign of the startups' strength, officials say the 542 qualified applicants for this year’s competition had raised a combined $170 million from investors. The finalist companies have won tens of thousands of dollars in other business competitions, raised hundreds of thousands of dollars from investors and in some cases already are earning revenue from sales. They have ideas ranging from a new cancer drug, to a renewable source of water drawn from maple trees to a public bench that’s a “Wi-Fi” hub and a high-tech gathering spot. Which one will walk away with the $1 million grand prize? We’ll find out Thursday night. • Abcombi Biosciences Hometown: Buffalo Team size: 5 Stage: Pre-revenue The only Buffalo-based company in the competition is trying to develop a “smart” vaccine for complex diseases such as pneumonia. Abcombi also has lab space through the Johnson & Johnson Innovation incubator, JLabs @ Toronto. The company has won $95,000 in business competitions, including the Bright Buffalo Niagara Entrepreneur Expo, and received $560,000 in grants and foundation support. • Andromium Hometown: San Francisco Team size: 6 Stage: Revenue A software company whose app aims to make the Android operating system function like a desktop. The company says its mission is to build a world where the only computer people will need is their smartphone. Andronium has raised $3.5 million in pre-sales for its Superbook through a Kickstarter campaign and other sources. • Arthena Hometown: New York City Team size: 10 Stage: Revenue A startup that uses automated and data-driven results to invest in the most liquid segment of the art market. Arthena says it focuses on art because it is the alternative asset with the highest barrier to entry for investors but the strongest historical returns on investment. The company says it opens up the $64 billion art market to millions of people who otherwise couldn't invest. Arthena was part of the spring 2014 class of AngelPad, the global tech accelerator, and has raised $1.35 million. • Asarasi Hometown: Westchester County Team size: 2 Stage: Revenue The company has developed a way to harvest and bottle water from maple trees, replacing the consumption of groundwater and reusing byproducts of the maple production process that are now discarded. Its water is distributed in independent grocery stores and food service operations throughout the Northeast. Asarasi has won $62,500 in prizes in six business competitions over the past nine months, and has raised $235,000 from investors over the past year. • Bounce Imaging Hometown: Boston Team size: 9 Stage: Pre-revenue The company makes 360-degree, disposable cameras for first responders to use as they enter dangerous spaces to better identify hazards ahead. Bounce Imaging has been named a Popular Science/CNN/TIME Best Invention, was a Gold winner at MassChallenge, and in 2015 won the $1 million Verizon Powerful Answers Award for best technology for first responders. The company has raised $2.5 million to date. • CleanCapital Hometown: Washington, D.C. Team size: 5 Stage: Revenue A startup that takes clean-energy financing and investments to a broader market. The company's platform identifies, screens and manages clean energy projects  – primarily solar projects on commercial, industrial, medical and educational buildings – for its investors. CleanCapital's initial project was for $21 million, backed by John Hancock, and the company says it has $100 million in exclusive deals it plans to roll out in the next few months. The company has received $1 million in seed funding, and its CEO is a Buffalo native who still has Bills season tickets. • Formarum Hometown: Toronto Team size: 6 Stage: Pre-revenue The company has developed a water turbine technology to create self-powered and self-contained devices that can be installed in pipes and eliminate all external components, including control panels, electrical cables, and communication modules. Formarum used this technology to create, as its first product, a swimming pool device that uses the flow of water in pool pipes to generate electricity and then uses that electricity to produce pure, inexpensive chlorine on-site to sanitize the pool. Since 2013, the company has raised about $327,679 (American), including investments and awards and grants. • HigherMe Hometown: Boston Team size: 10 Stage: Revenue The company has developed software to help retail and hourly employers quickly hire better employees. Its founders call it a LinkedIn for the world of retail and hospitality. HigherMe has worked with customers such as Dunkin' Donuts and Panera Bread. The company has raised $1.5 million from investors, including Barbara Corcoran from the TV show "Shark Tank." Now hiring for five full-time openings. • MobioSense Hometown: Taiwan Team size: 5 Stage: Pre-revenue A company that has developed a computerized system to monitor patients with heart disease and potentially predict heart attacks. It's a portable, palm-sized device that the company says is revolutionary because it could prevent and predict heart attacks in real time. The Taiwan National Science Council and its Ministry of Science and Technology have endorsed MobioSense. The company has $480,000 in private and government investments, including $200,000 from angels. • NeoReach Hometown: San Francisco Team size: 15 Stage: Revenue A startup that has developed a platform to manage social media marketing campaigns and to track the results. Its software is used primarily by major Fortune 1,000 brands such as Walmart and Amazon. The company has raised $3.1 million in venture capital funding and won Founder.org's $100,000 challenge. • Oncolinx Hometown: Boston Team size: 6 Stage: Revenue The company worked with the National Cancer Institute to develop targeted cancer immunotherapies, or antibody drug conjugates, that are planned to enter clinical trials in mid-2017. Oncolinx has partnerships with 14 pharma companies to speed up the development of the therapies. The company is a winner of the MassChallenge, MassBio and Texas Medical Center Life Sciences Award, among other contests, and has closed on $350,000 in financing. • PathoVax Hometown: Baltimore Team size: 3 Stage: Pre-revenue A biotech spinout from Johns Hopkins University that is commercializing RGVax, a low-cost vaccine to prevent HPV-associated cancers. PathoVax has won business competitions within the university and was named a "Best of the Best" startup at a pitch event hosted by the Mid Atlantic Bio Angels in 2015. The company has raised more than $700,000 from angel investors, as well as $100,000 in research grants. PathoVax also received a multimillion-dollar federal grant to help its vaccine technology move to human clinical trials. • Strawberry Energy Hometown: Belgrade, Serbia Team size: 9 Stage: Revenue The company is developing solar-powered “smart benches” that can serve as Wi-Fi enabled social hubs in urban settings. Strawberry said it is focused on providing sustainable, green and customizable infrastructure to meet the challenges of rapid global urbanization. Its benches are solar-powered and connected to cellular and internet networks. They can also track the health of the local environment. Strawberry has raised $400,000 from investors. • UltraCell Insulation Hometown: Boston Team size: 4 Stage: Pre-revenue The company makes high-performance building insulation from recycled corrugated cardboard. UltraCell has won the TechOut Competition and has been a MassChallenge finalist. The company has raised funding from investors such as the Clean Energy Venture Group, Rochester Angels, Walnut Venture Associates and Boston Harbor Angels, though it declined to specify the dollar amount. It also has received grants from the National Science Foundation, the Environmental Protection Administration and the Mass Clean Energy Center • The Wealth Factory Hometown: Washington, D.C. Team size: 8 Stage: Revenue A startup that produces financial literacy education technology games. The company's goal is to provide equal access to financial literacy around the world, particularly to underrepresented and underserved populations. The program takes users from birth to retirement in 12 interactive and instructive modules that exceed the personal finance common core standards. The company is the official financial literacy partner for the Bank on DC program operated by the District of Columbia's Department of Insurance, Securities and Banking, serving 15,000 young people annually, and last year was featured in a Dell ad. This year it launched its CreditStacker app on Google Play and Apple's App Store.   • WeDidIt Hometown: Brooklyn Team size: 6 Stage: Revenue A software service that aggregates donor data so charities can automate their prospect research and launch highly targeted fundraising campaigns. The company has helped organizations such as New York Public Radio, Amnesty International and the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles raise more than $40 million over the years. WeDidIt won the MillerCoors Urban Entrepreneurs Series, and a $25,000 grant, in 2012. The company has raised about $1 million from its investors, including the 500 Startups Accelerator and Dreamit Ventures. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Weekly Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2016 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material Thanks for reading the NEW BuffaloNews.com! To continue enjoying your free preview, please enter your email address below or click here to login. Submit
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Tue., Nov. 15, 2016 52˚ Local news SUNDAY, OCT. 23, 2016, 6 A.M. Doug Clark: Keep eyes, nose alert for counterfeit WSU gear By Doug Clark dougc@spokesman.com(509) 459-5432 Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Doug Clark (Colin Mulvany / The Spokesman-Review) It’s a time of high crimes in Cougdom. A recent story by the Moscow-Pullman Daily News, in fact, reveals a whopping 18.5 percent increase in illegal activities. The real shocker was that this uptick in nefariousness was about Pullman’s College Hill and not the Washington State football roster. Add another 40 percent if you factor that in, just saying. But let’s forget all that. The crime I want to discuss today appeared in a recent Spokesman-Review story that unfortunately slipped under the radar. “WSU police seize counterfeit Cougar gear on game day,” stated the headline. I know. I’m as aghast as all of you. But it’s true. Campus cops confiscated $15,500 worth of counterfeit Cougar garb in a not-so-daring raid outside the football game between Washington State and UCLA. WSU prevailed in the contest, 27-21. But for those of you keeping a real score at home, that $15,500 amounts to something like 0.52-percent of the $2.95 million that is being Dysoned up each year by head football coach Mike Leech. Oops. Freudian slip. I meant Leach. (NOTE: Mathematics not counting $10,000 pittance fine leveled at Leach for possibly accurate accusations about Arizona State’s sign-stealing proclivities.) But back to our report: The seized contraband attire included “more than 700 T-shirts and sweatshirts.” I’ll be honest. I have no idea where Cougar counterfeiting might rank on a dark list of villainous endeavors. Somewhere between grave robber and Wal-Mart greeter impersonator, perhaps. If I know anything about grime, however, I’m willing to wager high stakes that this is no isolated incident. There very well could be a vast and ubiquitous underground network of unlicensed Coug-sellers out there. Which leaves us with the question: How can we protect the unsuspecting WSU students who are working hard to get an overpriced, medium-grade education so they can graduate and then venture forth into the jobless market? So glad you asked. At no additional cost to the price of your newspaper, I have prepared the following informational guide on how to identify real Washington State-approved tchotchkes from cheap, fraudulent knockoffs. GENUINE – Trademark Cougar flag always waves with pride. COUNTERFEIT – Flag droops like sad “before” example in Viagra commercial. GENUINE – Logo artfully combines letters “W-S-U” to depict famed cougar mascot. COUNTERFEIT – Logo shows two leering frat boys rolling a beer keg. GENUINE – Proud union label boasts, “Made in the USA.” COUNTERFEIT – Flimsy suspicious tag declares, “Made in Colfax Sweatshop.” GENUINE – Cougar Gold cheese is expensive but delicious. COUNTERFEIT – Cheap Velveeta brick has slight odor of unwashed feet. GENUINE – Crimson and gray school colors vibrant and inspiring. COUNTERFEIT – Dyes known to cause cancer in lab rodents. GENUINE – All products come with “Official Licensed Collegiate Product” hologram. COUNTERFEIT – Dubious stains glow under black light. GENUINE – Butch the Cougar. COUNTERFEIT – Rod the Rabid Ferret. GENUINE – “Go Cougs Go,” most popular T-shirt slogan. COUNTERFEIT – “Up the Wazzu!” crude, but catching on. GENUINE – Golf balls, umbrellas and doormats all available with university logo. COUNTERFEIT – Red and gray bongs huge hit in dorm rooms. GENUINE – Tank tops. COUNTERFEIT – “I’m Tanked” coed beer diapers. GENUINE – Replica football jersey comes with name of favorite player. COUNTERFEIT – Football jersey features favorite player’s post-arrest mug shot. Doug Clark is a columnist for The Spokesman-Review. He can be reached at (509) 459-5432 or by email at dougc@spokesman.com. Published: Oct. 23, 2016, 6 a.m.  Tags: counterfeit, Doug Clark, WSU Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 12:01 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Life To see the future of the consumer industry, you need to keep up with the Kardashians Sunday October 23, 2016 05:48 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Unearth some of the coolest curios, antiques at Rope Walk Taman Selat! Eyes on Sarkozy as fresh claims of Gaddafi funding arises ProjekMMO: Penyanyi Siti Sarah nafi pitam dirasuk jin Ikatan calls for ban on Bersih 5, Red Shirts to prevent bloodshed Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Kim Kardashian attends Harper's Bazaar's celebration of 'ICONS By Carine Roitfeld' at The Plaza Hotel during New York Fashion Week in New York September 9, 2016. — Reuters pic LOS ANGELES, Oct 23 — Happy Birthday, ma’am. Kim Kardashian turned 36 on Friday. She may be taking a break, but the influence of the reality television star and her family on the way consumers spend money hasn’t gone away. How the Kardashian family post pictures on Instagram, work out at the gym and even dress their children all affect the way we shop. Think of them as proxy for the way we spend money. If you want to see the future of the consumer industry, you need to keep up with the Kardashians — whether you like them or not. Here’s your rough guide. Selfies The Kardashians take selfies — all the time. And so do we, now. That’s affecting everything from the makeup we buy, the clothes we wear and even demand for cosmetic surgery. Wanting to look good in selfies, or take a shot in a cool location, have helped fuel a boom in consumer spending on experiences. At the top end of the market, that can mean a nip and tuck instead of a new Chanel handbag. In the mid-market, it translates into spending on a photogenic meal rather than a new top from Gap or Hennes & Mauritz. In fact, demand for luxury cars and experiences, such as hotel stays, cruises and meals, is growing, according to research by Bain and Italian luxury association Altagamma. By contrast, sales of traditional status products — things like as watches and designer clothes — are falling. Cosmetics Kim Kardashian brought us contouring, and the trend for using different colour foundations to accentuate the face’s natural curves has helped fuel a boom in cosmetics sales. The Kardashian sisters have created their own beauty line, as has half-sister Kylie Jenner. But the make-up boom is also benefiting the global giants such as Estee Lauder — which has model and half-sister Kendall Jenner as one of its celebrity faces — and L’Oreal. In fact, the sisters have helped drive a whole wave of interest in beauty, from plumping lipsticks to eyebrow kits. But this trend may reverse in coming years. Kim Kardashian herself has favoured a more natural look recently, and the rate of sales growth is estimated to slow. Athleisure The Kardashians like to look good working out — and so do we, now. In fact, the habit of wearing sports clothes outside the gym has created a whole new category of apparel: Athleisure. Lululemon and Gap, as well as traditional sportswear companies like Nike, Under Armour and even Adidas, have had to shape up, adding stylish trainers and leggings that look as good in the office as in the yoga class. Sales of denim have suffered, even if Khloe Kardashian has been trying to sell Good American jeans. Main street retailers are now joining the gym. Inditex, through its Oysho brand, is expanding in this market, as is Hennes & Mauritz. But cut-price names such as Primark, Wal-Mart and Target are catching on and forcing prices down. Older Shoppers Kris Jenner (Momager) is almost 61, and she still likes to look good. Older shoppers are still interested in fashion and beauty, and many have the money to spend on them. Trouble is most retailers aren’t effectively catering to this demographic — yet. Even when they do, they don’t always get it right. N Brown, the British retailer that targets older and larger shoppers, has struggled to shift its business from printed catalogues to online. Sales and profit at Chicos, long seen as catering to older professional women, have stagnated amid stalled talks to sell the company. There’s a big opportunity here for a retailer to grab a slice of the stylish senior market. Childrenswear North West, the daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West has prompted outfit envy with her custom-made Balmain ensembles. She’s also inspired the label to launch a childrenswear range. It isn’t alone. Designers from Tom Ford to Karl Lagerfeld have also produced kids’ collections. Designer childrenswear accounts for less than 3 per cent of sales at most luxury brands, says Bloomberg Intelligence’s Deborah Aitken. Yet the category is growing at a faster rate than both the luxury market and the adult apparel sector. Demand is being driven by increased brand awareness (thanks to those celebrity endorsements) and a growing number of older and more affluent parents, according to Aitken. So what next? Bruce Jenner’s transformation to Caitlyn has put issues around gender and fashion on the map. Inditex’s Zara and London department store Selfridges have introduced gender-neutral collections. Expect others to follow as the extended Kardashian family continues to weave its way into our lives — and our shopping habits. — Bloomberg Gadfly                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Refugees discover two Americas: One that hates, and one that heals New species of groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia (VIDEO) Historic Russian gems to star at Geneva jewel auctions Swimmers worth their salt cross shrinking Dead Sea Munch’s ‘Girls on the Bridge’ fetches US$54.5m at auction ‘Rose Gold’ is this winter’s hottest hair trend What it is like being a 24-year-old female farmer in Singapore Blood pressure spike around doctors might point to heart problem Hilarious Singaporean take on BBC’s ‘Iguana vs Snake’ documentary (VIDEO) A secret beauty pageant for Indonesia’s transgender women Most Watched Now Week MMOTV: Time to show up with daughter, Indira tells ex-husband Reuters Video: Groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia NYT Video: ScienceTake — how dolphins know who’s who Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles Kendall Jenner’s Instagram is gone The new Kardashian heiress has arrived Celah dada wanita sudah jadi ‘fesyen basi’, isytihar Vogue Kanye West lights it up at Fourth Forum Concert Fans welcome back Kim Kardashian after social media silence Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null
null
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Yael T. Abouhalkah Lewis W. Diuguid Steve Paul Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Barbara Shelly Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Cindy Hoedel Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Local deals Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Homes October 23, 2016 12:19 AM Summit Custom Homes has move-in ready homes in High Point at Creekmoor In addition to the furnished model home, three more homes in High Point at Creekmoor are currently furnished and open for tours, showcasing the long list of standard features included with homes from Summit’s award-winning Signature Collection of floor plans. Submitted photo Four additional homes are currently under construction in High Point at Creekmoor and are expected to be move-in ready 60-90 days from now and priced as low as $333,715. Submitted photo 1 of 2 i Information provided by Summit Custom Homes LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Leading new home builder Summit Custom Homes is now featuring move-in ready homes located in the luxury High Point at Creekmoor community in Raymore. In addition to the furnished model home and Community Information Center located at 1208 Becket Court, three more homes in the community are currently furnished and open for tours, showcasing the long list of standard features included with homes from Summit’s award-winning Signature Collection of floor plans. Two completed two-story Preston Ridge IV plans are now available with five bedrooms, four bathrooms and a three-car garage. The home at 830 Creekmoor Pond Lane, now priced at $386,791, features a stylish Tuscan front elevation with stone accents around the garage. The spacious kitchen has custom alder cabinetry with a dark stained finish, a tiled backsplash and a large work island. Custom stone work surrounding the fireplace in the great room accents a floating mantel. A covered back porch creates a perfect outdoor entertaining space. The Preston Ridge at 1212 Becket Court showcases a Craftsman elevation with a large covered front porch and is now for sale at $364,950. The kitchen has custom cabinetry with a dark stain finish and includes a wine fridge. Custom wood trim work with stone accents surrounds the fireplace in the great room. The master suite includes a custom tiled shower and soaker tub in the bathroom, which also connects to the upstairs laundry room. A two-story Sterling plan located at 1215 Becket Court features 2,500 square feet of living space with four bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms and a three-car garage. Currently priced at $372, 361, the home features and open main level with a great room, kitchen with breakfast area and large work island as well as a formal dining space. A two-story Cotton Creek plan with French Country elevation is located at 1214 Becket Court and includes four bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms, a three-car garage and 2,400 square feet of living space, now for sale at $349,950. The kitchen features a large island and walk-in pantry with a breakfast area and is open to the great room and formal dining space. Three additional bedroom are located near the upstairs laundry room, which also connects directly to the master bath. A two-story Pebblebrook plan with a Craftsman front elevation, now priced at $329,950, includes four bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms and a three-car garage. Four additional homes are currently under construction in High Point and expected to be move-in ready 60-90 days from now and priced as low as $333,715. Homes in Highpoint offer a luxury outdoor living experience with oversized yards and spacious covered decks overlooking the rolling terrain of Creekmoor and the golf course. Located off of Missouri 58 highway east of US-71 in Raymore, Creekmoor features a wide range of amenities including an 18-hole championship golf course, a clubhouse with a restaurant and licensed bar, a walk-in zero-entry pool, tennis courts, and a fitness center with sauna and spa. Miles of hiking, biking, and jogging trails meander through the community anchored around a 108-acre private stocked fishing and boating lake. Dozens of dining and shopping options are just a mile or two away along Missouri 58, as well as daily services like banks, pharmacies, salons, auto service establishments, and large retailers including Walmart, and Lowe’s Home Improvement. A major shopping district is located less than 5 miles west and has a Target, Home Depot, and Kohl’s as well as a movie theater, Starbucks, Price Chopper, and more than two dozen additional restaurants. Raymore offers residents a wide array of services and programming through its Parks and Recreation department. Four scenic and well-maintained parks feature two stocked fishing lakes, a skate park, a baseball complex, playground equipment and miles of paved walking, jogging and biking trails. The Original Town Farmer’s Market is a Raymore tradition with area growers and artisans selling affordable local foods, crafts and plants to Raymore families every week throughout the summer and fall months. For additional information about High Point at Creekmoor, visit the Community Information Center at 1208 Becket Court in Raymore, located off Foxridge Drive, north of M-58 east of US 71. Open Thursday through Saturday and Mondays from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Sundays noon to 5 p.m. or by appointment on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Contact Susie Duane of the Rob Ellerman Team with ReeceNichols at 816-200-6541 or highpoint@reecenichols.com. To learn more about Summit Custom Homes, their floor plans and pricing, or the communities they build in, call 816-246-6700 or visit summit customhomeskc.com. Summit Custom Homes On the web: Summitcustomhomeskc.com Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Homes Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:35 Eric Berry to high schoolers: ‘Make the most of every opportunity’ Pause 0:35 Crime video: Man robs Hy-Vee Pharmacy in Leawood 3:49 Bill Self breaks down KU's overtime loss to Indiana 2:30 Marcus Peters on forced fumble: 'I took it from him' 0:30 KC police investigate shooting death on Jackson Avenue 0:39 Fairway police investigate shooting death 2:31 May 9 arrests at Kansas City library event 2:55 Boy rescued from attic now an honorary deputy 3:08 Darryl Burton gives sermon at United Methodist Church of the Resurrection in Leawood 0:47 Search for missing Jessica Runions at abandoned Belton golf course Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 hours ago Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 2:20 2 hours ago Grandma of KCK boy fed to pigs recites a message she wrote to her grandson 2:30 12 hours ago Mizzou's Cale Garrett on the SEC transition 3:10 12 hours ago Mizzou's Aarion Penton on Josh Dobbs, defensive TDs View more video Homes Lime Stone Road Townhomes: The best in maintenance-provided living Rodrock Development’s Arbor Lake flush with homes ready for the holidays ‘Come home’ to Oak Run: Affordable suburban living close to the city KC Property Pros: Couple needed a quick sale to downsize Take advantage of limited offer on last remaining homesites Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Bingo Horoscopes Casino Opinion BuySell Flights Dating Find a Business Jobs Advertise Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters Our new FREE Daily Record apps are here! Search 1000s of jobs at scotcareers Most read News Sections Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & Technology Top News Popular Edinburgh bartender found dead just hours after his family and friends reported him missing Most Read in News Popular Edinburgh bartender found dead just hours after his family and friends reported him missing Instagram 'Romeo and Juliet' live-stream shootout with police before 'killing themselves in horror double suicide' Watch Celtic superfan Jay Beatty join Hoops-mad Sir Rod Stewart for a special backstage huddle Watch hilarious spoof of John Lewis Christmas advert featuring Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama M74 closure this weekend: Everything you need to know to avoid traffic hell Police hunting for missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague close one lane of busy road in search bid Trending Today Donald Trump Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Gary McKinnon Paolo Nutini Popular this week Courts Independence referendum Dangerous dogs Weather Politics Football Sections Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier League European Football Women's Football Football Fixtures Football Results Top News Rod Petrie defends Gordon Strachan as the SFA vice-president insists he's 'done a good job' Most Read in Football How did Celtic striker Moussa Dembele slip through the grasp of Europe's elite clubs? Who is Celtic transfer target Ezri Konsa? Rangers midfielder Jordan Rossiter out injured again - more frustration for summer signing from Liverpool Scottish Premiership crowd study shows attendances are up at SEVEN clubs Rangers AGM 2016: All you need to know from Joey Barton to Mike Ashley and share issues Steven Gerrard could help Celtic as he is still driven to succeed says Owen Coyle Trending Today Mark Warburton Brendan Rodgers Moussa Dembele Joey Barton Dave King Popular this week Celtic FC Rangers FC Scotland football team Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing Darts Top Sport Steven Gerrard confirms he is leaving LA Galaxy after 18 months Most Read in Sport How did Celtic striker Moussa Dembele slip through the grasp of Europe's elite clubs? Who is Celtic transfer target Ezri Konsa? Rangers midfielder Jordan Rossiter out injured again - more frustration for summer signing from Liverpool Scottish Premiership crowd study shows attendances are up at SEVEN clubs Trending Today Mark Warburton Brendan Rodgers Moussa Dembele Joey Barton Dave King Popular this week Dave King Celtic FC Scottish Premiership Rangers FC Andy Murray TV & Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity Interviews Top TV & Celebs Watch Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere live as Eddie Redmayne and stars hit the red carpet Most Read in TV & Celebs I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here! is temporarily cancelled leaving fans 'devastated' Danniella Westbrook confesses to new overdose and drugs relapse as viewers are shocked at her appearance ITV put I'm a Celebrity jungle on lockdown after EIGHT deadly spiders found inside the camp Fears for pregnant Stephanie Davis as ex Jeremy tries to heal their rift Trending Today Carol Vorderman Ant and Dec Helen Flanagan Danniella Westbrook Jeremy Kyle Popular this week Big Brother T In The Park Calvin Harris The Hydro Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Airdrie Ayr Coatbridge Cumbernauld Dumfries & Galloway Dundee East Kilbride Edinburgh Glasgow Hamilton Inverness Irvine Kilmarnock Paisley Perthshire Renfrew Rutherglen Stirling West Dunbartonshire West Lothian Wishaw Alloa Ardrossan Argyll & Bute Bearsden & Milngavie Bishopbriggs Borders Cambuslang Clydebank Cumnock Dunfermline Elgin Falkirk Fort William Girvan Glenrothes Grangemouth Greenock Kirkcaldy Kirkintilloch Largs Motherwell Musselburgh Penicuik Oban Orkney Renfrewshire Saltcoats Shetland St Andrews Western Isles Wigtown Trending X Factor 2016 Donald Trump Celtic FC Rangers FC Property Business Motoring Travel Your Account Edit Profile Logout Family's anger as trip to "luxury villa" in Florida is total Mickey-take 06:00, 23 Oct 2016 Opinion by TheJudge THE Judge helps out family whose filthy cockroach-infested holiday pad Disney meet basic expectations.   Share Get daily news by email Millar family tried to have fun despite shoddy accommodation MORAG Millar arrived at her luxury Florida villa to find a “for sale” sign in the garden. But that turned out to be the least of her worries as the place was filthy, run down and infested with ants and cockroaches. She complained to Thomas Cook as she had paid £8350 for a fortnight’s break but they couldn’t move her to another property. Top news stories today 'Slaughterhouse for the sick': PIP hell Jilted ex wielded chainsaw Jailed for raiding parents' life savings Scots to see £1.3b Brexit cuts 1 of 4 Morag, 46, said: “They were taking the Mickey and I told them but they just weren’t interested. “The place was disgusting, filthy and had obviously been empty for some time.” Morag travelled to the Sunshine State in July with husband Kenneth, 48, their daughters Kirsten, 21, and Rachel, 18, and Kenneth’s brother Colin and his family. She said: “For months before, we were raving about Disney World and how it’d be a holiday of a lifetime.” But they were horrified at what they found. Garage was used as a dumping area Morag said: “The carpets were dirty, stained and burned. “There were beds and chairs broken and there was mould on the ceilings. “The kitchen was a health hazard, filthy, with ants and cockroaches everywhere. Read More Woman paid £324 for driving lessons to be told there was no instructor in her area “The shower curtains were stained and mouldy and the garage was used as a dumping ground for rubbish.” Morag, a teaching assistant, said: “We went to a local Walmart for cleaning products. We couldn’t have stayed otherwise and there was no one available to help.” She contacted Thomas Cook, who promised someone would be in touch. Chairs were broken But Morag, of Uddingston, Lanarkshire, said: “Three days later, we were no further forward. “We’d asked to be moved but got nowhere. We got back one night to find someone had painted the dirty banister, changed the shower liners and treated for ants in the kitchen. But that wasn’t good enough.” She called me in when Thomas Cook offered £250 in vouchers, which they later upped to £400. Read More My husband died of cancer so we couldn't go on holiday but travel firm wouldn't give us a refund Morag said: “These offers are insulting. Please help.” I got on to Thomas Cook. They said: “We tried but were unable to find an alternative villa. “We have apologised and offered £400 in cash or vouchers as a goodwill gesture, which we hope Ms Millar will reconsider.” Morag is planning a small claims action after taking her complaint to ABTA. TheScottishDailyRecord Recently Published Welcome to great Brittany: camping adventure is a fair croc BRIAN McIver takes the little McIvers on their first camping trip on the continent - and finds Brittany is full of fun for all of them. Thailand getaway of a lifetime among golden palaces and aquamarine seas in the land of smiles Sleepwalking Scot escapes paralysis after plunging 25ft from holiday window Previous Articles Woman paid £324 for driving lessons to be told there was no instructor in her area ANGELA Martin was excited to start her lessons - but it soon dissolved into a nightmare as she struggled to get a refund after no instructors were available. My husband died of cancer so we couldn't go on holiday but travel firm wouldn't give us a refund Related Tags See Also Holidays Recommended in The Judge Justice Princes William and Harry's gamekeeper pal bags compensation victory after wrongful drugs charge Retail and Consumer We paid £3600 cash for a luxury kitchen but that was five months ago and firm kept letting us down Glasgow Anger as critical illness insurers refuse to pay out despite Motor Neurone Disease diagnosis East Kilbride Woman paid £324 for driving lessons to be told there was no instructor in her area Transport Drunken plane lout facing up to two years in prison and a lifetime ban from BA flights Renfrewshire Boys' footie club insists 'We are the champions and we'll go to court to prove it' Cancer My husband died of cancer so we couldn't go on holiday but travel firm wouldn't give us a refund Most Read in Authors The Judge How The Judge can help to solve your consumer problem The Judge Home seller's fury as firm's £195 home report doesn't include necessary valuation certificate The Judge The Judge: Home improvements boss accused of crashing her firm and leaving trail of debt Ayr The Judge: Pensioner left furious after rubber roof seal company leaves him with a worthless guarantee and no leaks fixed The Judge The Judge: Bust carpet firm Behar has pulled the rug right from under the feet of angry customers Recommended on the Record Missing people 'Worried sick': Family of missing Janet McQueen meet detectives investigating her disappearance four weeks ago Kris Boyd Kris Boyd ruled out for up to two months after picking up injury in Kilmarnock training Gordon Strachan Rod Petrie defends Gordon Strachan as the SFA vice-president insists he's 'done a good job' Car crashes Tributes paid to 'devoted dad' cyclist who was killed after being knocked down by a car Mark McGhee Mark McGhee faces SFA misconduct charge over comments to referee after controversial Dundee defeat Daniel Radcliffe Watch Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere live as Eddie Redmayne and stars hit the red carpet Charity Scottish stars of screen and stage launch Spirit Aid Toy Appeal at Clutha pub to help poor families Scottish Daily Record View: Desktop Mobile About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Advertising Jobs Competition Rules Cookie Policy How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paid subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paid subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions News Scottish News UK & World Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & Technology Sport Football Boxing Golf Horse Racing Rugby Motor sports Tennis Other sports CELEBS Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity Interviews Video Games Opinion News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Life & Style Horoscopes Fashion & Beauty Health & Fitness Food & Drink Family & Relationships Travel Money Motoring Competitions Property © Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Anniversaries: Ron Moore & Kathy Moore Ronald E. and Kathleen M.(Norris) Moore celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary with a trip to France. Upon return... Post to Facebook Anniversaries: Ron Moore & Kathy Moore Ronald E. and Kathleen M.(Norris) Moore celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary with a trip to France. Upon return...  Check out this story on pal-item.com: http://pinews.co/2eFIa1c {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Anniversaries: Ron Moore & Kathy Moore Reader Submitted, Richmond 12:05 a.m. EDT October 23, 2016 Anniversaries: Ron Moore & Kathy Moore CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Ronald E. and Kathleen M.(Norris) Moore celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary with a trip to France. Upon return a family picnic was held at Hueston Woods, Ohio. They were married October 22, 1966 at St. Lawrence Catholic Church by Rev. Gordon Gehring in Hamilton, Ohio and have resided in Richmond In since. Ron was employed by Heath Consultants for 35 years, Lingle Realty and Car Quest. Kathy was employed by Cigna/INA and retired from Wal-Mart. They are the proud parents of Leah Moore Paladino (Jason) of Ruckersville, Va and Scott Moore of Hagerstown, In. They have 5 grandchildren, Alex, USN, Sydney, Riley J, Avery and (our angel) Ethan. Read or Share this story: http://pinews.co/2eFIa1c More Stories Pet of the Week: Chablis Nov. 13, 2016, 4:23 p.m. Education Notebook: IU East honors nursing excellence Nov. 11, 2016, 4:59 p.m. Bazaar season underway Nov. 8, 2016, 2:59 p.m.
View dentonrc.com's mobile site dentonrc.com Web Search Member Submitted Weather Contests Contact Us Calendar Headlines Legal Notices News State National/World Education Blotter/Crime Politics Special Projects Let Us Know Blogs Advertorial Insight Denton Obits Sports Colleges High Schools Golf Other Sports Mean Green Scores/Schedules Sports AP Headlines Business Business Chronicle Denton Business Gas Prices Entertainment Denton Time Movies Calendar TV Listings Comics & Games Dining Life Couples Food/Recipes Home/Garden Health Religion Let Us Know Photos Faces and Places Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Submit a Letter Classifieds Calendar Jobs Real Estate Shopping Find & Save DealFinder Classifieds ePaper NIE Home > Business/Tech > Denton Business Headlines October 22, 2016 09:29 PM CDT October 22, 2016 10:01 PM CDT Diversity comes to Toyland Diversity comes to Toyland Comments () A Text Size Richard Drew/AP Barbie Fashionistas, from Mattel, are shown on display at the TTPM Holiday Showcase on Oct. 6 in New York. Toy companies are offering products that are more inclusive, from Barbies to baby dolls. Inclusive toys aren’t just niche items any more: Mattel, Hasbro join in By Anne D’Innocenzio Anne D’Innocenzio Denton Record-Chronicle AP Retail Writer Published: 22 October 2016 09:29 PM NEW YORK — Toy companies are working harder to think outside their usual box, offering more-inclusive items like dolls with disabilities, female superhero figures and characters with a range of skin tones. Many of the products breaking down the barriers started with smaller businesses, but big names like Mattel and Hasbro are getting into the game and offering lots more options this holiday season. What that means on the shelves is Barbies that have a greater variety of body types, eye colors and facial structures, a Lego mini-figure of a boy who uses a wheelchair, and an American Girl doll with accessories like a diabetes kit and arm crutches in addition to the hearing aids and service dogs it has offered before. Other items include coding toys, robots and circuit builder sets aimed at both girls and boys. Jennifer Weitzman, whose 5-year-old daughter Hannah has cochlear implants, has the American Girl doll with hearing aids and a Tinker Bell doll with a cochlear implant that Weitzman bought from a British site called ToyLikeMe.org. “She lit up when she was given them. She thinks it’s awesome that they have implants just like her,” said Weitzman, of Mount Kisco, New York. “For many kids, it helps them identify and makes them feel included.” The trend started a few years ago, pushed by parents who didn’t see enough diversity in the toy aisle and were turning to the internet or startups to find items. Increasingly, the inclusiveness in the toy aisle means dolls with disabilities. Toys R Us has carried an exclusive line since 2013 called Journey Girls, which includes a wheelchair and a crutch set. Its partnership with American Girl to carry the Truly Me collection starting this month will include dolls that also use crutches, diabetes kits and wheelchairs. While Lego has had larger figures before that use wheelchairs, the mini-figure introduced this year comes as part of the “Fun in the Park” set, mixed in with several figures that don’t. “The designers were thinking about what might you see in the park in the city,” said Lego spokesman Michael McNally. Experts say it’s critical for children to play with toys that don’t perpetuate stereotypes about what’s considered beautiful. They say the toys children play with have lasting impressions on their careers and their confidence. “There’s been some good progress, but there is a lot of work that needs to be done,” said Elizabeth Sweet, a sociologist and lecturer at California State University in Sacramento, California. “Kids need to see themselves in the toys and objects they interact with.” For building toys, the company GoldieBlox, founded in 2012, was among the first to disrupt the pink aisle by offering construction sets aimed at girls. But it also realized it needed more racial diversity, and last fall introduced a black character called Ruby Rails and has since then added a Latina engineer called Valentina and other characters. Many experts have been closely watching the moves made by Mattel, particularly with its iconic Barbie, whose business has been rebounding amid a makeover after seeing its sales suffer. The nation’s largest toy maker launched the Barbie Fashionista collection last year that offered more skin tones, eye colors and facial structures. This year, it added three body types — curvy, petite and tall. It said those items have been doing well. Spokeswoman Michelle Chidoni says the company is also looking to add different body shapes to the Barbie career line and the Fairytale doll collection. Racial diversity can also be key. American Girl, which is owned by Mattel, launched a doll this year whose story is that she is growing up in civil rights-era Detroit. Wal-Mart’s My Life As doll collection has expanded the number of skin shades available, and Hasbro is adding more skin tones to its Baby Alive doll for next year. Beyond introducing dolls and games that feature all kinds of characters, companies are starting to think differently about toys that have traditionally been aimed at boys or girls. The White House held a conference on gender stereotypes in media and the toys, drawing executives from major toy companies. Target Corp. phased out gender-based signage in the toy aisle last year. It also was for a time the exclusive seller of Mattel’s DC Super Hero Girls, including Wonder Woman and Batgirl, which were the first 6-inch action figures designed for girls. They join other female characters in the action figure aisle that include Black Widow and Star Wars heroine Rey, says Jim Silver, editor-in-chief of TTPM, an online toy review site. John Frascotti, president of Hasbro Brands, cited My Little Pony, which originally was aimed at girls, and Nerf, which was traditionally for boys. Hasbro found the brands attract both boys and girls, so three years ago, it launched Nerf Rebelle that was styled for girls. As for My Little Pony, it’s expanding into comic books, usually more a domain for boys. “We are focusing on storytelling and worrying less about gender,” he said. Comments DentonRC.com is now using Facebook Comments. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then add your comment below. Your comment is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service on data use. If you don't want your comment to appear on Facebook, uncheck the 'Post to Facebook' box. To find out more, read the FAQ . Copyright 2011 Denton Record-Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Connect With Us Denton Business Stories Briefly in business Kim Phillips: Denton Turkey Roll on way Meat production helps offset feral pig problem in Texas Scott Burns: We need to take better care of ourselves Company offers Thanksgiving feast in box Video Related Sites dallasnews.com AlDiaTX.com GuideLive.com Local business listings Denton Record-Chronicle Newspaper Subscriptions Letter to Editor Submissions Advertising Place Classified Ad Home Contact Us Help Center Advertising Site Map Find Denton Jobs Get the Newspaper ©2015, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com An expensive battle involving East Bay’s only… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Raiders sitting pretty Pittsburg banner Cubs’ holiest fan Principal kisses a pig Killer sentenced to death El Sobrante killing News An expensive battle involving East Bay’s only GOP state legislator Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Sam Richards | srichards@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: October 25, 2016 at 6:00 am | UPDATED: October 27, 2016 at 12:50 pm The Bay Area’s only Republican state legislator is in an expensive fight to keep her seat, with Catharine Baker, of Dublin, facing a challenge from Cheryl Cook-Kallio in a battle pitting an avowed supporter of bipartisan work against a former city councilwoman and teacher espousing traditional Democratic values. Other East Bay legislative races feature either two Democrats going head to head, or an incumbent Democrat facing a Republican challenger. Baker, a pro-choice Republican, is seeking her second term representing Assembly District 16, which encompasses Alamo, Danville, Dublin, Lafayette, Livermore, Moraga, Orinda, Pleasanton, San Ramon and Walnut Creek. She said she’s proud of her work teaming with Democrats to solve problems; she points to state bills for environmental protection as examples. Assembly 16th District incumbent Catharine Baker Dan Honda/Staff Democrat Cook-Kallio, a former two-term Pleasanton councilwoman, claims Baker is a Republican through and through, and that she isn’t as truly bipartisan as she claims. “She is behaving like a typical Republican politician,” Cook-Kallio said. Cook-Kallio points to some of Baker’s most prominent supporters, including Chevron Corp., a number of homebuilders and real estate-related firms and the Charter Schools Political Action Committee. Cook-Kallio said her straight-ahead Democratic stance better reflects district voters, 39 percent of whom are Democrats (and 32 percent Republican). For her part, Baker said her stands on issues have been misrepresented by Cook-Kallio. “My opponent has a problem telling the truth,” Baker said. Cheryl Cook-Kallio, candidate for Assembly District 16 (AP)  Cook-Kallio, a retired high school teacher, has gotten significant support from the California Teachers Association and a number of other employee unions, including Service Employees International Union Local 1021. In this key East Bay race, each campaign, as of mid-October, had raised over $1.5 million in contributions during 2016. Assembly District 14 A bitter primary battle for the right to represent the 14th Assembly district covering north central Contra Costa and southern Solano counties has been rekindled ahead of Nov. 8’s general election. Tim Grayson, of Concord, and Mae Cendana Torlakson, of Pittsburg, both Democrats, are moving forward with their campaigns to succeed Susan Bonilla. It is perhaps the most competitive among several area Assembly and state Senate contests in the East Bay and in Solano County. In June’s tight primary election,Torlakson had 32.5 percent of the Assembly District 14 vote, and Grayson 32.1 percent. Both have been angling for the 26 percent of voters who cast ballots for Republican primary opponent Debora Allen, of Discovery Bay, and both said they have been doing it by walking precincts and getting their message out in person (there have been plenty of TV ads and mailers, too). Tim Grayson, candidate for state Assembly District 14 Jim Stevens/Staff Both make education a top issue, but they come at it from different angles. Torlakson, a third-term member of the Ambrose Recreation and Park District board in Bay Point and wife of state Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson, is backed by several teacher union-related groups, including the California Teachers Association and the Opportunity PAC. She said championing “career education,” training for in-demand, well-paying jobs, is a key. Grayson, a Concord city councilman and a local pastor and police chaplain, is supported by the EdVoice Independent Expenditure Committee, which supports charter schools and tying teacher evaluations directly to students’ test scores. Grayson has been an advocate of charter schools. An issue Torlakson said has become important for her since the June primary election is preventing gun violence. “I’ve heard a lot between then and now, and I’m pushing for common-sense gun regulations, closing the gun show loopholes.” Grayson touts his experience in local government, and Torlakson’s relative lack of same. He also said he has become more strident in his efforts to find solutions to the state’s (and cities’) underfunded pension liabilities. Mae Cendana Torlakson, running for the 14th Assembly district seat Dan Rosenstrauch/Staff But Grayson has had to fend off criticism, from Torlakson and others, for accepting campaign contributions — since returned — from firms linked to one of the finalists to be lead developer of the Concord Naval Weapons Station reuse project. “My opponent has a lot of baggage coming from the weapons station scandal,” Torlakson said. Grayson returned $16,800 in contributions to his Assembly campaign from companies or individuals associated with the project. “I think I did the right thing,” he said. By late September, Torlakson had collected more than $483,000 in campaign contributions, and Grayson more than $414,000. But in the primary, political committees either favoring or opposing one of these two were major financial factors. Senate District 9 The candidates seeking the state Senate seat being vacated by the retiring Sen. Loni Hancock are both seasoned veterans of East Bay Democratic party politics. Senate 9th District candidate Sandré Swanson Jane Tyska/Staff Nancy Skinner and Sandré Swanson were the top two finishers, with 47 and 33 percent of votes, respectively, among four candidates in the June primary in Senate District 9, which runs from Rodeo to San Leandro. Senate District 9 covers roughly the combined territories of two state Assembly districts, which Skinner, D-Berkeley, and Swanson, D-Oakland, formerly represented. Each served in the Assembly for three terms — Skinner, in District 15, from 2008 to 2014; Swanson, in what was then District 16, from 2006 to 2012.   Skinner’s primary focus has included social justice, income equality, education, criminal justice reform, the environment and gun violence prevention. Swanson’s priorities have been jobs, children, youth and school issues and human trafficking. Both candidates acknowledge that they appeal to many of the same constituents, even if their main interests do not always overlap. Senate 9th district candidate Nancy Skinner Jane Tyska/Staff Skinner’s endorsers include former U.S. Secretary of Labor Robert Reich, U.S. Rep. Mike Thompson, D-Napa, and retired Congressman George Miller. Swanson’s endorsers include U.S. Rep. Barbara Lee, D-Oakland, Hancock and numerous labor unions. Senate District 7 In Senate District 7, which covers most of East and Central Contra Costa County, as well as Dublin, Livermore and Pleasanton, incumbent Steve Glazer seeks his first full four-year term, after gaining the office in a special election in 2015. He is being challenged by Alamo Republican Joseph Rubay, a real estate appraiser who makes a point of saying he isn’t a career politician. Incumbent state Sen. Steve Glazer Jane Tyska/Staff Like Catharine Baker, Glazer — an Orinda Democrat — has made a name for himself as a centrist, taking some traditionally Democratic stands but eschewing others (notably support of BART unions in their right to strike) and working on bipartisan solutions. In fact, he’s worked directly with Baker on several issues. During a recent moderated discussion taped by Contra Costa Television, Rubay said he wanted to “see everyone working together and finding common ground.” But much as primary opponent and Democrat Guy Moore criticized Glazer for some of those less liberal views, Rubay said some of Glazer’s views aren’t conservative enough. An example: Glazer supports the state minimum wage bill that would bring it to $15 an hour by 2022, and Rubay supports monitoring the situation without a hike, at least not yet. Another: While Rubay says he fully supports Second Amendment rights, Glazer said such rights “must be tempered with reasonable standards” to minimize gun violence. State Senate challenger Joseph Rubay Dan Rosenstrauch Senate District 3 In this district that covers Solano, Napa and parts of Yolo, Sonoma, Sacramento and Contra Costa (Martinez and Pleasant Hill) counties, state Assemblyman Bill Dodd, a Napa Democrat, is going against fellow Democrat Mariko Yamada, from Davis, whom Dodd succeeded in the Assembly in 2014. One of them will succeed Lois Wolk, who plans to retire. Dodd has positioned himself as a moderate, seeking a balance of environmentalism and a favorable climate for business and agriculture. The more liberal Yamada has been a crusader against rising health care and pension costs, and for issues related to seniors. She has criticized Dodd for pro-business, anti-environment votes. State Senator 3rd District candidate Bill Dodd Susan Tripp Pollard/Staff Dodd finished ahead of Yamada in the June primary, and has received almost $737,000 in contributions during 2016, more than two-and-a-half times what Yamada has gotten. Dodd has gotten contributions from many unions, including the California Real Estate PAC, Califiornians for Jobs and a Strong Economy and WalMart. Yamada’s contributions have largely been from individuals. To watch these and other candidates speak about issues on Contra Costa TV video forums, go to http://www.contracosta.ca.gov/6113/Election-Previews-2016   Staff writer Tom Lochner contributed to this story.      Tim Grayson Age: 49 Education: Bachelor’s degree, Christian Life College Occupation: Incumbent Concord city councilman, pastor Family: Married; two children.   Mae Cendana Torlakson Age: 55 Education: University of the Philippines. Occupation: Mathematics, Engineering, Science Achievement program manager, University of California Family: Married; two grown children.   Catharine Baker Age: 45 Education: Bachelor’s degree, University of Chicago; law degree, UC Berkeley Occupation: Incumbent Assemblywoman Family: Married; two children.   Cheryl Cook-Kallio Age: 62 Education: Bachelor’s degree, University of North Carolina-Charlotte; Master’s degree, San Jose State University. Occupation: Retired high school teacher Family: Married, four children   Nancy Skinner Age: 62 Education: Bachelor of science in conservation of natural resources; Master of education. Experience: Assemblywoman, 2008-14; East Bay Regional Parks District director, 2006-08; Berkeley City Councilwoman, 1984-92 Occupation: University educator Family: Married; one daughter   Sandré R. Swanson Age: 67 Education: Bachelor’s degree in psychology from San Francisco State University; Associate’s degree (psychology) from Laney Collge Experience: Assemblyman, 2006-12; Oakland deputy mayor, 2012-14. Occupation: Oakland Foundation director Family: Married; four children and five grandchildren   Steve Glazer Age: 59 Education: Bachelor’s degree, San Diego State University Occupation: Incumbent state senator Family: Married, two children.   Joseph Rubay Age: 57 Education: Bachelor’s degree, Cal State East Bay Occupation: Principal, real estate appraisal firm Family: Single, no children   Bill Dodd Age: 60 Education: Bachelor’s degree, Cal State-Chico Occupation: Incumbent Assemblyman Family: Married, five grown children   Mariko Yamada Age: 65 Education: Bachelor’s degree, University of Colorado; Master’s degree, University of Southern California. Occupation: Retired social worker, former Assemblywoman Family: Married, two grown children         Tags:  Alameda County Elections,  Bay Area,  California Legislative Elections,  Contra Costa County Elections,  East Bay Elections,  Election Guide,  Elections,  Politics Sam Richards Sam Richards has been a newspaper reporter/editor since 1982, when he got his first job as a weekend police reporter in Missoula, Mont. He later worked in Belgrade, Mont. and Tracy, Calif. before joining in 1992 what became the Bay Area News Group. He works out of Walnut Creek, covering a variety of stories, with a focus on City Hall news. Follow Sam Richards @samrichardswc Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Pittsburg police to issue citation on banner with racial slur Irish Mafia founder convicted of murder, conspiracy to kill attorney El Sobrante: Richmond man shot to death Man fatally shot in West Oakland Metallica to play rare intimate Oakland show Hercules: Jury says death for convicted killer Raiders sitting pretty … oh the possibilities Traffic deaths: Pittsburg pedestrian, Antioch driver identified More in News Keller Canyon Landfill sues Contra Costa County over permit change November 15, 2016, 10:24 am Dump operators claim September 2015 vote to change permit will cost them millions, and was politically driven. Supervisors in 2015 defended change as better for the environment With Ivanka’s jewelry ad, Trump companies begin to seek profit off election result November 15, 2016, 9:27 am One day after President-elect Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka spoke to “60 Minutes” about her father’s rise to power, her jewelry line alerted journalists to a surprising fact: The incoming first daughter’s bracelet could be bought for $10,800. California activists urge DACA eligible immigrants not to apply November 15, 2016, 8:40 am Less than a week after Trump became the country’s president-elect, not only have thousands of people taken to the street to protest his divisive rhetoric but organizations that work to support immigrant rights have seen their switchboards inundated with calls. See a California principal kiss pig to make good on promise November 15, 2016, 9:58 am The Canyon View Elementary principal puckered up for a potbelly pig Monday as the school celebrated exceeding a PTA fundraising goal of $50,000. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Home News Business Entertainment Lifestyles Sports Opinion Classifieds Events Obits Contact Us Our Team Advertising Info Menu Home News -Business -Entertainment -Lifestyles Sports Opinion Classifieds Events Obits Contact Us -Our Team -Advertising Info Archives Business Directory Online Editions Specialty Magazines Archives Business Directory Online Editions Specialty Magazines 0°C Chance of Rain Today: 7°C / -2°C   Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun Mon 5° 6° 4° 6° 8° 7° -4° -4° -3° -1° 1° 0° Don't miss Police still investigating stolen property filePosted 17 hours ago MSS outdoor education class a model for hands on learningPosted 20 hours ago Indigenous designers hitting the runway with a purposePosted 22 hours ago UNB referendum on Kinder Morgan pipeline postponedPosted 4 days ago Ranta re-elected chair of Thompson-Nicola Regional DistrictPosted 5 days ago New species of Lyme-related bacteria found on ticks in B.C.Posted 5 days ago Bus strike not impacting MerrittPosted 5 days ago Homeless count reveals numbers consistent with years pastPosted 5 days ago Cents and Silverbacks in a home-and-home this weekendPosted 5 days ago Chasing Private ChartersPosted 5 days ago Home   >   Community   >   Poppy fund begins Poppy fund begins By The Herald on October 24, 2016 Tweet Pin It Royal Canadian Legion Poppy Chair Mo Dixon (left) pins the ceremonial first poppy on war veteran Edmund Cokayne at his home in the Florentine Retirement Centre on Monday (Oct. 24).   Edmund Cokayne received the Royal Canadian Legion’s first Remembrance Day poppy from Poppy Chair Mo Dixon today (Oct. 24) to kick off the 2016 poppy fund. The 100-year-old Cokayne is Merritt’s oldest living war vet. In 1940 he volunteered as a pilot for the Royal Air Force (RAF) during the Second World War, having earned his pilot’s license a few years earlier in Australia. “Hitler was fussing around. He looked as though he was going to invade Britain, and I knew they needed everybody they could get,” Cokayne said of his decision to join the war effort. Cokayne never saw combat, however, as the then 24-year-old worked as a flying instructor throughout the war. He told the Herald that when he joined up he was considered too old to be a fighter pilot. “I didn’t realize In was an old man when I joined up,” said Cokayne. “They like them about 18 or 19 for operations because they’re that much sharper. I was a young guy, but for the air force I was an old guy.” The war brought him to Canada, as Britain had flight schools stationed across the Great White North as part of the training of Allied aircrews. Cokayne first went to a training school near Winnipeg as a pupil, and returned as an instructor at a school in Swift Current. The poppy fund raised about $13,000 locally last year, Dixon told the Herald. The Legion is handing out poppies at Extra Foods, Save-On-Foods and Walmart starting Oct. 29. The funds raised are used exclusively for veterans and dependents for their ongoing medical issues and needs. CanadacommunityEdmund CokaynefeaturedManitobanewspilotpoppyPoppy FundRemembrance DayRoyal Air ForceSecond World War Tweet Pin It Related Posts Police still investigating stolen ... Police still investigating stolen property file Merrittonians urged to test homes ... Merrittonians urged to test homes for radon MSS outdoor education class a model ... MSS outdoor education class a model for hands on learning Indigenous designers hitting the ... Indigenous designers hitting the runway with a purpose Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Leave this field empty CAPTCHA Code* Latest News DYER: Climate change and Donald Trump’s America Even before Donald Trump hijacked the Republican Party, he was... Posted 1 hour ago 0 Police still investigating stolen property file Merritt RCMP are still looking for the driver of a pickup... Posted 17 hours ago 0 Merrittonians urged to test homes for radon The BC Lung Association is pushing Merrittonians to get radon-aware this... Posted 18 hours ago 0 MSS outdoor education class a model for hands on learning   When it comes to learning from experience, Merritt Secondary... Posted 20 hours ago 0 MITRA: Calibrating life’s spiritual priorities (Editor’s note: The views expressed in this column don’t necessarily reflect... Posted 21 hours ago 0 Indigenous designers hitting the runway with a purpose Indigenous designers will be in Merritt, showcasing their work while... Posted 22 hours ago 0 Deadline approaching for Country Christmas parade entries The ground might be getting frosty, but don’t put your... Posted 24 hours ago 0 1160followers 0likes 23165posts 898comments 20followers Click to read Merritt Visitor's Guide The Connector Latest Tweets Tweets by @MerrittHerald Facebook Contact us   The Merritt Herald is printed twice a week.   Address: Box 9 - 2090 Granite Avenue Merritt, BC V1K 1B8   Phone number: 1-250-378-4241   Business Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. Tags featured news opinion sports health Merritt community RCMP province BCHL hockey lifestyles education letter Centennials council Cents police business MSS Merritt Centennials crime city council biosolids Categories Business Community Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports Advertising Info Contact Us Home News Business Entertainment Lifestyles Sports Opinion Classifieds Events Obits Contact Us Our Team Advertising Info Archives Business Directory Online Editions Specialty Magazines © Merritt Herald - Powered by Aberdeen Publishing                                                                                                                                                                 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Black Friday 2016: Predictions, store hours, free shipping offers; Walmart, Target, Toys R Us deals By  Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on October 24, 2016 at 12:14 PM Print Email Get ready for Black Friday 2016 Birmingham, Ala. Friday, Nov. 25, 2005 Slug // BLACK FRIDAY SHOPPING Reporter // Hannah Wolfson News Staff // Ricardo LopezRicardo Lopez  Black Friday 2016 is only a month away. And if you're one of the shoppers who can't wait to hit the stores on Nov. 25 (or earlier on Thanksgiving Day) here's all you need to know. Here is an early look at Black Friday 2016 predictions, hours, who will be open and who will be closed and some sneak peeks at sale ads. When is Black Friday? Black Friday 2016 is Friday, Nov. 25, the day after Thanksgiving. In recent years, many retailers started opening earlier and earlier on Thanksgiving Day but there appears to be a backlash this year. CBL Associates & Properties, which operates Parkway Place Mall in Huntsville, Gadsden Mall in Gadsden and Wiregrass Commons Mall in Dothan, as well as other malls around the country, said they will remain closed on Thanksgiving. You can see other retailers that are closing on Thanksgiving here. Macy's has already announced it's bucking the trend, however. The retailer will open at 5 p.m. on Nov. 24, an hour earlier than its stores opened last year. What can you expect during Black Friday 2016? According to bestblackfriday.com, in-store Black Friday will account for $9.2 billion in sales this year, a drop of about 10 percent from last year. That decline will be made up in online sales, which are expected to top $3 billion on Black Friday this year, a 13 percent increase from last year. On average, Black Friday shoppers will save about 38 percent during the day's sales, with Target expected to offer the biggest discounts - 35 to 40 percent - out of the big-box retailers. What about free shipping? With more people turning to online shopping, free or discounted shipping has become a major draw. Bestblackfriday.com estimated that Target and Best Buy will offer free shipping this year with no minimum order. Amazon and Walmart's free shipping will start at $50, except for customers with Prime or Shipping Pass membership. Kohl's and Macy's will likely offer free shipping on orders of at least $50. Overall, free shipping will be available in many places with an average required order of $25. Biggest deals Some of the biggest deals this year will be on televisions, tablets, smartphones, laptops and video games. Some important dates Nov. 1 – Amazon is expected to launch its Black Friday/Holiday sales on Nov. 1, a day earlier than last year. Nov. 23 – While online Thanksgiving/Black Friday sales won't start until Nov. 24, you can expect many Thanksgiving doorbusters will be online Nov. 23 (Wednesday night). Black Friday ads Family Dollar Victoria's Secret Toybooks Dollar General Kmart Lego Macy's Target Holiday catalogs Bass Pro Shops Big Lots Dollar General Dollar Tree Neiman Marcus Sam's Club Top toy lists Amazon Kmart Target Toys R Us Walmart About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Growing Trend Takes Root at Unilever and Procter & Gamble We continue our series on consumer and retail supertrends with a look at how two of the world’s largest conglomerates are working to reduce complexity within their businesses. Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Oct 24, 2016 at 12:35PM In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Vincent Shen and senior Fool.com contributor Asit Sharma look at the wide world of SKUs, or stock keeping units. Companies across various industries must strike the right balance between product breadth and operational complexity to succeed, and SKU rationalization (or reduction) lies at the heart of that challenge. The latest initiatives at Unilever (NYSE:UL) and Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) exemplify the efforts companies are taking in this space. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Oct. 12, 2016. Vincent Shen: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It is Wednesday, Oct. 12th, and I am your host, Vincent Shen. Just so you know we are pre-recording this episode and teeing it up to air on Tuesday, the 18th. I am connected with Fool.com senior [contributor] Asit Sharma via Skype. How are you, Asit? Asit Sharma: I'm doing very well, Vince. Thank you for asking. Doing great this morning! Shen: Yeah, I had Dan on yesterday. He was in South Florida. I know you're in Raleigh, North Carolina, we were able to speak before the show, and I was glad to hear that everything was OK after the hurricane. But two guests on, or two [contributors] on, and both of you guys did see at least a little bit of impact from the storm. Sharma: Yeah, we were a little surprised here in Raleigh because most of the models forecast that the storm would hit more fiercely where Dan was. So I thought maybe Dan would be wet, I would be dry. It did come in inland a little bit. I happened to be traveling actually, so missed that, but the good news is the storm is over and we're cleaning up. So we'll move on. Shen: Yup. So I was really excited to have you on the show today, so we can kind of really pick up from our last discussion and continue breaking down some of the supertrends that we are seeing in the consumer and retail sectors. Last week we talked about mass customization, the growing importance of basically personalizing products and services to appeal to consumers and to build brand loyalty. So we looked at custom sneakers, right? From NIKEiD, how Starbucks can brew the exact coffee you want with their very expensive Clover brewing system, and then there's Etsy, with the huge marketplace it has built for handmade crafted goods. So our next supertrend has companies turning their attention, I think, a bit more into their internal operations. That's with SKU rationalization or specifically for our discussion, SKU reduction. So we'll look at this through the lens of two leading consumer products companies: Unilever and Procter & Gamble. But before we get any further than that I mentioned SKU rationalization and I think some of our listeners could probably use just a quick update or refresher on exactly what we're talking about there. Sharma: Absolutely. What is an SKU? It's shorthand for "stock keeping unit" and Wikipedia has a great definition. I'm going to read this for our listeners. It's a "distinct type of item for sale." So manufacturers identify their products by unique codes that they've built. Those may actually be different than the barcodes that you see in, let's say, a grocery store when you're picking up a package to scan and pay for, but each product a manufacturer builds has this code and every time they vary the product whether it's size, color, anything, that creates a new stock keeping unit, or SKU. Shen: So, I think that with the SKUs and it kind of comes into conflict a little bit. On the one hand, we're going to talk about in this discussion how companies are working to basically make their operations more efficient, more profitable, and in some cases they are able to even boost their sales by reducing some of the offerings that they give to consumers. But in the last episode, we talked about on the customization side, giving more optionality, more potential to personalize and customize a product for each consumer, but I guess my question is can you give us an idea of how things flow through a company? We can use maybe one of the two companies, Unilever, or Procter & Gamble as an example, but how this decision in terms of what products are offered, the number of SKUs in a company's portfolio kind of flow through and can impact some of the metrics that investors are focused on generally. Sharma: It's a good question. Companies play a guessing game when they create products for a particular brand portfolio. And that guessing game is: What will the consumer want? What's the consumer's tolerance for product variation? And there are three major factors that drive the expansion of a product portfolio. First is to keep those product lines fresh and relevant. Most of us have seen the phrase "new and improved," and I guess listeners are are familiar with the concept that this is all in a marketing ploy, but companies also create more products to suit the changing whims of the customer. I have these whims, and you have these whims, we may not know it, a lot of times these are internalized and it's based on what we imbibe from our culture, popular culture. Just also what's practical in our lives. Could be a very small variation on, let's say a handle of a grocery jug. We've seen milk cartons change over time. So, these whims drive product innovation as well. The third thing is product innovation. Now, when I think of product innovation, I think of a brand-new product. Because, well, innovate; you must be creating something new. But corporations look at slight variations in product packaging or say they change a formulation, add a flavor to a juice. If you are a beverage manufacturer that is a third reason. And innovation to a manufacturer can be very slight tweak. So these three factors drive that expansion of a portfolio and what we see is that in the consumer marketplace, companies will first expand their portfolios and then start to draw them back because it's an art, it's not a science. If a company had a handle on exactly how many variations of a product per each geographical region was necessary, then they would find this miraculous optimization of profit. And that's just not something that comes easily. Shen: Yeah, I think it's important to point out that with every item that a company offers essentially, that has costs and investments associated with it. Think the storage of your completed product and the materials needed to create it, packaging, your supplier relationships, the marketing of your offerings, and also disposal in some cases for some products or SKUs that have gone obsolete. So every dollar a company spends toward one SKU that would have been better spent on another, will potentially result in a reduction in the top or bottom line. Or both. So, I think for publicly traded companies, it's fair to say that investors and shareholders place a high value on also the predictability and accurate guidance from management. I think you had mentioned earlier a little bit about forecasts; if you have an overabundance of offerings and SKUs, I think it becomes increasingly difficult to essentially forecast out your expected sales and that can reduce profitability if discounting, for example, is needed to reduce stock or you have to send additional stocks to suppliers because items sold out unexpectedly. And let's jump directly into one of our two companies. Let's start with Unilever. No. 3 consumer goods product company by revenue behind Procter & Gamble, and Nestle. Can you tell us a little bit about their efforts and how they've approached SKU rationalization? Sharma: Sure. So, our supertrend for today is this idea of shrinking SKUs or SKU rationalization and why it's a supertrend and why Unilever is such a great example. We, in our last episode, separated the idea of just a trend from the idea of supertrend by saying if many corporations are out there jumping on this trend and they're both big and small, that is a great indication we're seeing a supertrend. Unilever fits right in because they're one of the biggest, baddest consumer goods companies on the planet. They have hundreds of brands and literally thousands and thousands of SKUs and they practice what Vince has mentioned a couple times: SKU rationalization. Let's quickly define that term if you're not familiar with it. It's a really simple concept. SKU rationalization is when you use data and analytics to pare down those underperforming SKUs and then you transfer your resources into the SKUs which are getting market share. So we're going to use this term a lot and it's a great way to sound really smart if you're talking to other investors; you can talk about SKU rationalization and your favorite companies. Unilever's multiyear goal is to reduce their SKU by 20%. When you visualize a company which is in hundreds of countries around the globe dealing with local markets, you can imagine the complexity of their operation. So for a company like this to decide to reduce SKUs ... Well, let me stop here. Last week we talked about Nike, which I also call Nike, SKUs are often pronounced as "skews," so if you hear me start saying "skews," same thing. But this multiyear goal sprung from management's realization that if we undertake this investment, we may reduce revenue somewhat but we're going to have more profitable products. I'd like to talk about one case study. This is something that happened several years ago when Unilever's U.K. and Irish units combined into one group. When they got together, this was around 2008 to 2009, and they performed an analysis of their SKUs and they found that 60% of product variance contributed just 5% of their sales, but that made up 20% of inventory. And Vince, I know you had also seen that case study. What are your thoughts about that? That really opened my eyes to why a company should jump in and perform SKU rationalization. Shen: Yeah, those numbers -- notably the 5% of sales and the 20% of inventory -- is unbelievable. This case that you mentioned, I think it was from 2008 to 2009, but even as recently as 2014 Unilever still had about 50,000 SKUs in its portfolio. So it's a monumental task. You know, keeping track of that, managing that, and the fact that, as we'll get into more detail, about how the company and specifically the U.K. and Irish units kind of approached this issue. Really, the results you'll see have had a very direct impact on their financial performance. Sharma: Sure. One of the ways that Unilever and other companies benefit once they trim those SKUs is that their manufacturing setups become more profitable. So again, some learning today -- companies have what are called manufacturing lines. That is, when you go into a plant you can imagine that not every product has its own manufacturing line, else we would have factories taking up most of the square footage on Earth. But similar products lines and manufacturing setup is a process of preparing several products to run through lines either individually or ganged up together. So if you can take, to use an example, package of cereal and reduce the sizes of those boxes or the numbers of sizes that you offer, that is, then you can make that one manufacturing setup, which is there to produce those boxes, more profitable. And those of you who are familiar with manufacturing will understand that the company itself may have part of the manufacturing process, but every multinational conglomerate has to work with a series of smaller suppliers and they have their own manufacturing setups to produce one product. So, you can see this trimming of SKUs reducing the complexity of the operation and this is a big thing that industry people talk about. It's not just shrinking or reduction, it's the reduction of complexity and Unilever is really bent on doing that. Shen: Yeah, I think ... Let me just jump in there really quick. The thing that really surprised me is when they talk about this project, the fact that the amount of work that they had to do with their partners. It wasn't just this internal process that the right managers in departments could implement unilaterally. They had to work with their marketing teams that had previously invested resources and time into certain projects, excuse me, and products and SKUs. And then also their retailers, for example, you know the companies that they distribute their products to are concerned about making sure their shelf space is the way they want it to be. And that the products that Unilever is providing them -- you know a huge supplier, I'm sure, for a lot of these retailers -- that basically they can still optimize their shelf space, what they keep in stock, in their stores based on these changes. And some of them very radical that Unilever was making. Sharma: That's an excellent point. We're going to talk about our second company, Procter & Gamble, in a moment, but P&G's CEO recently made that point on an analyst call and he said that when they talk with their retail partners, that's one of the major things that CEOs of their retail partners are telling them is, "Hey, reduce this complexity." And you know, we're in a political season. Elections are coming up next month and one of the things we can extrapolate from what you just said, Vince, is that this can be a really political process. You can imagine if a marketing team has worked two years on an innovation and another management part of the company looks at this product that marketing team has pushed forth and realizes that logistically it's very hard to produce, and you have teams tussling over whether a product stays or goes. And the companies which are successful at SKU rationalization understand that they, at the end of the line, are responsible to shareholders, to earnings per share. So they have to make some tough decisions, and this often means reducing suppliers. I'm going to give you another eye-opening statistic. We talked about Unilever reducing SKU count by as much as 20% as a multiyear goal. The company also wants to reduce the number of its suppliers by 35%. And these two goals are related; it may be a little scary to have a revenue concentration with a huge corporation like Unilever or a smaller sub-manufacturer and understand they are looking, not just to trim the SKUs, but to trim the number of people they work with. But again, this serves shareholders' interests, it reduces complexity, and reducing complexity reduces costs, which boosts net income at the end of the day. Shen: Yup. So in our last few minutes here, I wanted to make sure we got to Procter & Gamble because they have been taking, I think, this whole process and reducing and optimizing their offerings to a whole other level with the amount of brands they have dropped recently and how they're trying to refocus their resources, their money, into basically what they see as the most profitable brand portfolio that they can possibly target. Sharma: Absolutely. If you take the concept of SKU rationalization and blow it up, there's a term for it. It's called brand rationalization. And that's what Procter & Gamble is up to. They also have been talking up their effort to reduce SKU count over the past several years. But a couple of years ago they woke up one day and realized: We have way too many brands in our portfolio. So, over the last 18 months, Procter & Gamble has exited, or consolidated, 61 of their brands and it's in the process of exiting 44 more by the end of this year. Again, going back to what we found in Unilever's case study, the brands that Procter & Gamble is getting rid of represented only 6% of profit during those 18 months. And when this whole process is completed, Procter & Gamble is going to be left with only 65 brands across 10 major categories. Shen: So let me hop in there really quick. One thing I wanted to make sure we touched on for listeners was also just previously, over the summer, we'd done a show that's somewhat related to this, was around inventory turnover, inventory management, and there's a point here, a metric here, for Procter & Gamble that really stands out to kind of show how this brand rationalization that you mentioned has benefited them. So let's touch on that, and then also I'd love if there are any other metrics. I know there's nothing that is one-to-one necessarily with SKU management and with reduction that investors can look at, but what other metrics can investors use when trying to evaluate a company's effort in this space? Sharma: Sure. Well, you've touched on a really great one. This is a metric that you can find on many financial websites, but if you look at days of inventory outstanding. When you hear that a big company is trying to become more efficient with its product lines, there's a way you can see if they're being effective or not. Procter & Gamble before this effort, the other day, had a days inventory outstanding of 78 days. What that means is that it takes Procter & Gamble about 78 days to cycle its inventory on average and it replaces its inventory about 78 days, if you average everything out. Through this process, P&G now has a days inventory outstanding of 58 days, and that's a very solid boost to cash flow because inventory is cash tied up. You have to build a product, you have to move it, you have to store it, to get into a store, and then you get paid and collect the cash. So, this is an excellent metric to see if a company is walking the walk. And we can tell in this case that P&G is certainly walking the walk. Some other metrics you can look at include the cash conversion cycle which again, is maybe effective to look at but might be more difficult to find. But if you want one which is easy enough to locate, look at a company's operating cash flow. Procter & Gamble again is sacrificing some top-line sales in order to trim its brands. That means some brands will disappear, it won't be selling those on the marketplace. But if you look every quarter going forward at the amount of operating cash flow Procter & Gamble generates, if it's being successful, that number is going to grow every quarter here on out. I love to look at that when I know companies are trying to become more efficient with their resources. And these two concepts are tied together. The company cycles its inventory more quickly, it should produce more operating cash flow. And so far what we're seeing is it's a good thing that Procter & Gamble has undertaken this initiative so long-suffering investors have seen that stock for many years just remain stagnant. It's finally, I think, getting a little bit of lift from these operational efforts. Shen: Yeah, absolutely. We are about to wrap up here, so thank you Asit for your thoughts. But I really wanted to hammer the point home in terms of how important these efforts can be for companies by stepping back a little bit and giving a little bit of a big-picture context and calling out some numbers that I think can put things into perspective. For example, in 2008 research from the Food Marketing Institute had the typical U.S. grocery store, or supermarket, stocking about 47,000 different products. That is up 50% from the previous decade and about five-fold since 1975. Keep in mind that a Wal-Mart Supercenter, for example, their SKU numbers for a store that size is well over 100,000. And then if you go a step further, researching the case at any one time in the United States, there are at least one million products on the market for consumers to purchase. So that research might be a few years old now, so with some of the other trends that we've seen you can imagine that number is likely much larger than one million at this point with customization, for example. So the sobering reality I think for a lot of retailers, be it Unilever or Procter & Gamble, is that consumers only use about 340 unique items in a year out of that one million-plus. And making sure that you are maximizing your profitability, maximizing your product mix and what is on store shelves, to boost your revenue and make sure that that small subset of items that each consumer uses includes products from your portfolio, is just really important. Is there any other thoughts that you wanted to leave our listeners with, Asit? Sharma: Just one last thought. And by the way, those are some mind-boggling statistics and I think that really visually gives us an idea of how much supply there is out there of product and why it's a great idea to reduce as much as you can if you're a manufacturer. My last point is that we see the Pareto Principle in life a lot, which is, 80% of outputs are due to 20% of inputs. See that in so many different spheres of life and manufacturers have found this to be very true ... SKU and brand rationalization, that a lot of times it's just a few products that are really driving your sales and your profits, so why wouldn't you put in the effort to pare those down and optimize your profit and optimize your cash flow? As investors, we should be looking for the companies which are actively trying to perform this exercise. And the two companies we've mentioned today are really into this. Their management talks about these concepts almost every conference call, we see it in the numbers, and it's a great way to evaluate a consumer goods company. Are they paying attention to the proliferation of products that they've got, and are they trying to make themselves more efficient as time goes on? Shen: All right. Thank you very much, Asit! That's all the time we have for today, but listeners can continue the conversation with us and the rest of the IF crew via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus or send us any questions or comments via email to industryfocus@fool.com. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear during the program. Thanks for listening, and Fool on! Asit Sharma has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nike and Starbucks. The Motley Fool owns shares of Etsy. The Motley Fool recommends Nestle, Procter and Gamble, and Unilever. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Midnight oil burners, unite! A CPA and CMA with a deep interest in business strategy, I also hold a Master's degree in English Literature from NYU. When I'm not thinking finance, I'm often reading: novels, poetry, and recently, the Panama Papers. You can find me on twitter here: Follow @asitmap Article Info Oct 24, 2016 at 12:35PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $39.48 up $0.17 (0.43%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.18 up $0.18 (0.22%) Read More What Will Amazon Do With 2,000 Grocery Stores? 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends Costco's CEO Has a Simple Recipe for Making Money Can Amazon.com Conquer China With Prime? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
