Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AP How Wal-Mart, Target will approach you this holiday season; two retail giants reveal their strategies Filed under Retail at Oct 27 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Connect with Anne D'Innocenzio Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now NEW YORK -- Wal-Mart and Target are each taking a cue from the other this holiday season. After years of emphasizing low prices, Wal-Mart wants to up the ante, but it also wants to be known for top customer service. Target, which has a better image in that regard, has stressed a focus on offering deals. The shift underscores how traditional retailers have to perfect every aspect of their operations as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. With online leader Amazon.com cementing customers with its juggernaut Amazon Prime shipping service, retailers like Target and Wal-Mart need to offer more exclusive merchandise. Heading into the critical holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. Target had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell. "Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service and for this holiday season, it should be a boon," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle." On service Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, and its move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has helped. For the end of the year, the world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item someone forgot. It's adding staff to handle customers picking up online orders at the stores, and designating a manager for that area. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. "We want to serve the customer as they want to be served," Wal-Mart's Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. For service, Target is also focusing on making online ordering and pickups easier. Starting Nov. 1, it'll have 1,106 stores that will ship directly to online shoppers, double the current number. That should speed up delivery, and Target will be able to fulfill more orders. Online shoppers also can pick up their orders at all of Target's stores. In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a shopper, left, walks with a store associate in the toy section at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) AP On price  Wal-Mart promises to be even more aggressive on prices as part of an investment of several billion dollars over the next few years. It similarly plans to offer more consistent pricing, instead of shorter-term deals. For example, a Roku 32-inch HDTV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season this year. Skinny jeans that sold last year for around $9 are now $7.88. Target, which has acknowledged that it failed to deliver on the second part of its "Expect More, Pay Less" slogan, say about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year's promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. "Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop," said Rick Gomez, Target's senior vice president of marketing. Target is also extending its free shipping promotion by a week, waiving the shipping fee for all digital orders from earlier this week to Jan. 1. Wal-Mart doesn't plan to waive the $50 minimum for free shipping, but noted that online shoppers who spend less than that can opt for store pickup. On merchandise Both Target and Wal-Mart are offering even more exclusive products. Wal-Mart is offering 400 exclusive toy items including what is already a hit -- a Disney Princess Carriage priced at $398. It's also adding thousands more items that will be available for store pickup. Target is offering 1,800 new or exclusive toys, about 15 percent more than last year. Another exclusive is a 10-disc box set from Garth Brooks, which includes his new album and the 25th anniversary edition of "Friends in Low Places." The set will be in Target stores Nov. 11, two weeks before the new album is available elsewhere. Wal-Mart is also planning more product demonstrations, in departments from toys to food. And Santas who used to remain stationary will roam the stores for more customer interaction and selfies. View Comments Tags Retail Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Walmart Black Friday, holiday sales 2016: Retailer offering 'Holiday Helpers' to speed up checkout By  Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on October 27, 2016 at 1:09 PM, updated October 27, 2016 at 4:59 PM Print Email Walmart is using "Holiday Helpers" to speed up the checkout process this year. Walmart is taking steps to address one of the top requests from customers: less time in the checkout lane. The retailer announced Thursday it would be using existing employees as what it's calling "Holiday Helpers" this year to assist with the checkout process. Starting on Nov. 4, Holiday Helpers will be on hand to assist customers in finding the shortest lines, open registers if needed, help with self checkout lanes and even grab items customers might have forgotten. "We are listening to our customers and looking for ways to simplify their busy lives," said Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Walmart U.S. "Whether our customers are checking items off their grocery lists or their kids' holiday lists, we want to make their shopping experiences easy and fun." Walmart is also expanding the number of items available for same-day pickup and allocating extra staff – including new designated Pickup Managers – to speed up the process. Black Friday 2016: Predictions, store hours, free shipping offers; Walmart, Target, Toys R Us deals The announcement comes as Walmart and other retailers are readying for what they are hoping is a busy holiday shopping season. The nation's largest retailer hasn't announced if it will be open on Thanksgiving Day or join the newer trend of waiting until Black Friday to kick-off in-store sales. Retailers such as Bed, Bath and Beyond, Costco, Burlington, Dillards, Home Depot, Lowe's and Ikea announced they won't open on Thanksgiving Day this year. Walmart's Sam's Club chain will be closed on Thanksgiving. Last year, Walmart opened at 6 p.m. Thanksgiving night. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close The Supply Side: Grocery margins squeezed by deflationary prices may sting suppliers by Kim Souza. Published Oct 27th, 2016 12:42 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. ––––––––––––––––– Grocery is big business at Walmart U.S., but a 10-month run of deflationary prices combined with price rollbacks promised by the retail giant threaten supplier margins. Margin pressures will be amplified as retailers like Dollar General, Kroger and Target follow the Walmart U.S. lead, according to UBS analyst Michael Lasser. Lasser said in an investor note that Walmart’s aggressive price cuts could put $35 billion of business in jeopardy at Dollar General, Target and Family Dollar. He said Target is particularly vulnerable because 90% of its stores are within a 20-minute drive to a Walmart U.S. Supercenter. Lesser said the bulk of Walmart price cuts are in grocery, an area where Target is trying to gain share. Lesser said there’s about $21 billion at risk at Target as a direct result of Walmart’s price cuts. He pegs the impact at Dollar General to be $9 billion, while Family Dollar’s risk about $4.5 billion. He said smaller players could be pushed out by the price cuts which would give Walmart U.S. more power with its suppliers. ‘UNPRECEDENTED’ DEFLATION Grocery is 55% of Walmart’s sales and when deflationary food prices persist that’s a direct hit to the retailer’s top line revenue. Walmart has said revenue will grow 3% this year, but food prices in general have dropped almost 2% through the first nine months of 2016. Also, grocery spending likely fell for the third-straight quarter, said Zachary Fadem, an analyst at Wells Fargo Securities. “Near-term headwinds are likely to persist for U.S. grocers, as renewed uncertainty around household finances, heightened promo, competition and food deflation continue to weigh on the industry,” Fadem said, adding that he remains cautious about the sector. “The severity of what we’re seeing is completely unprecedented,” said Scott Mushkin, an analyst at Wolfe Research, who has studied grocery prices around the country for more than ten years. “We’ve never seen deflation this sharp.” Mushkin said price competition and deflation are taking a toll on margins throughout the supply chain. S&P Equity Analyst Joseph Agnese said meat, poultry, fish and dairy are responsible for about 52% of the more volatile perishable food category sales and about 30% of total grocery sales. These foods are seeing the biggest price declines. Supplier consultants said Walmart already gets the rock bottom prices out of its suppliers but the suppliers often have better margins with other retailers. If everyone is cutting prices to remain competitive, supplier margins will be thinner at Target, Dollar chains and elsewhere. PRODUCTIVITY LOOP Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon told suppliers at the Year Beginning meeting the retailer would be aggressive on absolute best pricing. Greg Foran, CEO of Walmart U.S., recently said price rollbacks do go lower margins, but lower prices often result in more units being sold which will eventually boost total revenue. That’s what Wal-Mart calls its “Productivity Loop.” But some market watchers say persistent deflation can break such a loop. Wal-Mart is no stranger to the problem. Its ASDA grocery business in the United Kingdom continues to struggle because of competition and deflationary prices. It was the only segment within Walmart International to have disappointing sales this entire year. Walmart has revamped ASDA management to focus on improving its supercenter operations there. Small suppliers who already make pennies per unit sold and sell a lower volume than the major consumer packaged goods companies will struggle with the rollbacks and deflationary trends. It’s likely some smaller suppliers will be squeezed out if deflationary pricing pressures continue. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 7shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux More This artist sees the beauty lurking at Walmart Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Posted Nov 15 Joyce Manor covers The National’s “Mistaken For Strangers” 2 (Photo: Florian Gaertner/Getty Images) Posted Nov 15 Facebook employees rebel against Mark Zuckerberg, actually try to stop fake news 3 (Photo: CBS) Posted Nov 15 Bernie Sanders solemnly pledges to continue stirring shit in Colbert interview 4 Image: CBS Posted Nov 15 CBS admits Star Trek: Discovery wouldn’t cut it on broadcast TV Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire (Photo: David M. Benett/Getty Images) Fleabag creator Phoebe Waller-Bridge is devising a spy series for BBC America Split Single’s Jason Narducy has the sexiest elbows in rock, and famous friends, too The Latest From Features Screenshot: Tomb Raider Killing Lara Croft isn’t as fun as it used to be Ron Wimberly’s Prince Of Cats updates Shakespeare through ’80s pastiche The Latest From Reviews B+ Life goes on with A Tribe Called Quest B Photo by: MTV MTV’s Sweet/Vicious is an excellent antidote to Trump’s win The Latest From Videos Joyce Manor covers The National’s “Mistaken For Strangers”   Recreate the Mojito Caballito from Havana’s legendary Sloppy Joe’s   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! The cast of M*A*S*H for IBM (Screenshot: Pinterest) The cast of M*A*S*H reunited in the late ’80s to shill for IBM Screenshot: The Pirates Maybe these bad short horror films will teach you not to pirate other, better movies All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr Film Great Job, Internet! This artist sees the beauty lurking at Walmart By Joe Blevins@joe_a_blevins Oct 27, 2016 12:45 PM Brendan O'Connell Is Blocking The Bread Aisle (Screenshot: YouTube) Brendan O'Connell Is Blocking The Bread Aisle (Screenshot: YouTube) Share Tweet Connecticut-based artist Brendan O’Connell specializes in paintings of “everyday life” and “everyday activities,” and he found plenty of both at Walmart, the nation’s largest grocery retailer as well as the biggest company on the planet. Inspired by what he saw in these big box stores, O’Connell took to capturing Walmart moments on canvas, immortalizing the shoppers, the employees, and the aisles of colorful, discounted merchandise. This painter’s unusual work is the subject of a thoughtful and engaging short film called “Brendan O’Connell Is Blocking The Bread Aisle,” directed by Julien Lasseur. Contrary to viewers’ expectations, O’Connell is not using his paintings to mock Walmart or its customers. Instead, he attempts to find the beauty and humanity inherent in these ubiquitous retail centers. With over 11,000 locations worldwide, the chain certainly provides the artist with plenty of material. These stores are everywhere. Why not paint them? “It became clear to me,” O’Connell says, “that this is probably the most-visited interior space on the planet.” Brendan O’Connell is Blocking The Bread Aisle from Julien Lasseur on Vimeo. But O’Connell’s path to becoming a Walmartist was not always an easy one. Almost immediately, after taking a single photo of an actress he had hired to “pretend to shop,” the artist was summarily thrown out of the building. Since then, he’s probably been ejected from more Walmarts than any human in existence. But the artist and the chain have since made amends, and the film shows O’Connell actually setting up an easel and making one of his paintings right there in the store. The film’s title, then, is extremely literal. Through narration, the painter talks about what he’s trying to capture in his work. Whatever your views are, positive or negative, related to Walmart, it just is. And from an artist’s perspective, the idea of addressing this environment that is an undeniable component to contemporary life is exciting. Besides, O’Connell says, people will be nostalgic for Walmart when it becomes obsolete and disappears from the face of the earth. His paintings are a way of capturing the retail empire in its Rome-like prime. [via Aeon] Send your Great Job, Internet tips to GJI@avclub.com Share Tweet Filed Under: Film, Stephen Colbert, Walmart, Paiting, Brendan O'Connell Is Blocking The Bread Aisle, Julien Lasseur, Brendan O'Connell More Great Job, Internet! Previous Great Job, Internet! Here are 4.5 million delightfully bad Geocities GIFs Next Great Job, Internet! Jack Chick learns a valuable lesson in this comic tract WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. More Great Job, Internet! The cast of M*A*S*H reunited in the late ’80s to shill for IBM Nov 15, 2016 9:00 AM Maybe these bad short horror films will teach you not to pirate other, better movies Nov 15, 2016 7:00 AM Designers envision futuristic bike locks, hospital gowns, and a glorious toilet Nov 14, 2016 5:00 PM Urgent: Disney owns the domain “muppetfucker.net” Nov 14, 2016 3:15 PM A.V. Club Most Read 1 Posted Nov 15 Joyce Manor covers The National’s “Mistaken For Strangers” 2 (Photo: Florian Gaertner/Getty Images) Posted Nov 15 Facebook employees rebel against Mark Zuckerberg, actually try to stop fake news 3 (Photo: CBS) Posted Nov 15 Bernie Sanders solemnly pledges to continue stirring shit in Colbert interview 4 Image: CBS Posted Nov 15 CBS admits Star Trek: Discovery wouldn’t cut it on broadcast TV Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2016 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
Home Live TV / Top Video News Top Stories Local News News Briefs National / World News by Topic Investigations 2016 Elections Brain Break: Quizzes & Trivia KRQE Links KRQE Mornings Multimedia Entertainment Weather Radar Alerts Alert Maps Forecasts Forecast Video Currents 24-Hour Outlook Air Quality Closings & Delays Earthquakes Map Rainfall Totals Road Weather Web Cams Wildfires Wind Sports Top Sports High School Sports Office Interviews NCAA Football NCAA Basketball NFL MLB Golf NBA Traffic Report It! More FOX New Mexico New Mexico Living Balloon Fiesta Events Calendar Football Friday Night Contests Legendary New Mexico TV Guide 58° F Few Clouds Hi: 69° F Lo: 44° F Forecasts Albuquerque – Metro Radar Video 3 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home Live TV / Top Video News News Top Stories Local News News Briefs National / World News by Topic Investigations 2016 Elections Brain Break: Quizzes & Trivia KRQE Links KRQE Mornings Multimedia Entertainment Featured: Morning Rush & Five Facts Latest Headlines Regents name Richard Myers new Kansas State president Updated: 10 mins ago MANHATTAN, Kan. (AP) — The Kansas Board of Regents on Tuesday made Richard Myers, a retired four-star general and former Joint Chiefs of Sta… Capitol Hill Buzz: Dome project completed in time for Trump Updated: 30 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — Congressional officials have unveiled a refurbished Capitol Dome after a three-year, $60 million repair project completed … Pipeline company seeks court permission to proceed with plan Updated: 59 mins ago 5 Utah students stabbed at high school, teen in custody Updated: 59 mins ago The Latest: Mayor apologizes for response to racist post 10:03 am Weather Weather Radar Alerts Alert Maps Forecasts Forecast Video Currents 24-Hour Outlook Air Quality Closings & Delays Earthquakes Map Rainfall Totals Road Weather Web Cams Wildfires Wind Current Conditions 58° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 58° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 30% Dewpoint: 26° F Sunrise: 6:41 AM Sunset: 5:00 PM Weather Tools Sports Top Sports High School Sports Office Interviews NCAA Football NCAA Basketball NFL MLB Golf NBA Traffic Report It! More FOX New Mexico New Mexico Living Balloon Fiesta Events Calendar Football Friday Night Contests Legendary New Mexico TV Guide Search for: Search the site 58° F Few Clouds Hi: 69° F Lo: 44° F Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value By Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 11:06 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) TETERBORO, N.J. (AP) —  Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. The world’s largest retailer plans to deploy “holiday helpers” stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. The ways in which Target and Wal-Mart are each trying to be more like the other underscore how traditional retailers have to raise their game in every aspect as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. Now, they have to be good at everything. Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, but it’s especially critical for the holiday season. It’s adding additional staff to handle the pickup of online orders at the stores, and for the first time, it’s designating a manager for that area for the holiday season. It also is dramatically adding more items that will be available for pickup. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer also plans to have 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, in departments from toys to food. That’s up from last year. And Santas who used to remain stationary in one area of the store will roam around for more customer interaction. It expects about 23,000 appearances across its stores throughout the season. “We want to serve the customer as they want to be served,” Wal-Mart’s Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. Target, meanwhile, said Tuesday that about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year’s promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. Heading into the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. The company has been benefiting from changes like cleaning up its stores and being sharper on prices. Wal-Mart’s move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has also helped improve service. Target, though, had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. It blamed several factors, such as focusing too much on marketing its stylish merchandise and not enough on bringing in customers looking for deals on basics. Both retailers are slated to report third-quarter results next month. “Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season it should be a boon,” said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. “I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle.” Target’s move to emphasize value actually comes as Wal-Mart itself has made prices a renewed focus. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart’s U.S. stores, said that just like last year, the company will focus on rollbacks that last 90 days, pulling away from shorter-term promotions. A Roku 32-inch HDTV TV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season long this year. Target knows it’s facing a challenge. “Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop,” said Rick Gomez, Target’s senior vice president of marketing. ❯❯ Click the Icon below to share this post... Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Thanksgiving Day shopping is here to stay — with some tweaks Monday’s Morning Rush Video, 5 Facts: Major ART construction begins Monday Wal-Mart takes Texas to court to crack liquor-sales market Chemical cloud over Kansas community dissipates Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KRQE.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending Now on KRQE.com Latest News Today in History: November 15 New Mexico governor travels to meet with Mike Pence AAA predicting biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years Giuliani the favorite as Trump weighs secretary of state NMSU campus police: Man shot, in stable condition News Briefs New program to offer free eBooks to New Mexico first graders Anti-Trump protesters facing charges after rally in Santa Fe Left lane blocked on I-40 WB at Louisiana Albuquerque man charged with murder after his mother calls police California couple allegedly drive a stolen car to New Mexico 2016 Spirit Stick Pet of the Week Mugshot Gallery: November 2016 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KRQE News 13 © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Live Video Feed News Briefs Local News New Mexico Sports National, World Larry Barker Special Assignment Crime Video Partners CBS CNN 2 KASA FOX Media General Weather Alerts Closings Current Conditions 24 Hour Outlook Full Forecast Radar Wind Forecast Road Weather Station More Advertise with Us Contact Us Internships Jobs KRQE News 13 Staff Features Ask a Pro Download News App Download Weather App Report It! Gas Prices Obituaries Photo Galleries Text Alerts TV Guide Legal Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Files FCC Public File KRQE FCC Public File KBIM FCC Public File KREZ Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 March 2013 February 2012 May 2009 February 2007 March 2001 March 2000 January 2000 NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Wal-Mart, Target each take cue from the other for holidays     By Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press October 27, 2016     Story Photos ( 1 )     In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Choisette Hargon, of Paterson, N.J., shops for toys ahead of Christmas at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) NEW YORK, N.Y. - Wal-Mart and Target are each taking a cue from the other this holiday season. After years of emphasizing low prices, Wal-Mart wants to up the ante, but it also wants to be known for top customer service. Target, which has a better image in that regard, has stressed a focus on offering deals. The shift underscores how traditional retailers have to perfect every aspect of their operations as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. With online leader Amazon.com cementing customers with its juggernaut Amazon Prime shipping service, retailers like Target and Wal-Mart need to offer more exclusive merchandise. Heading into the critical holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. Target had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell. "Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service and for this holiday season, it should be a boon," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle." ON SERVICE: Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, and its move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has helped. For the end of the year, the world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item someone forgot. It's adding staff to handle customers picking up online orders at the stores, and designating a manager for that area. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. "We want to serve the customer as they want to be served," Wal-Mart's Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. For service, Target is also focusing on making online ordering and pickups easier. Starting Nov. 1, it'll have 1,106 stores that will ship directly to online shoppers, double the current number. That should speed up delivery, and Target will be able to fulfil more orders. Online shoppers also can pick up their orders at all of Target's stores. ON PRICE: Wal-Mart promises to be even more aggressive on prices as part of an investment of several billion dollars over the next few years. It similarly plans to offer more consistent pricing, instead of shorter-term deals. For example, a Roku 32-inch HDTV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season this year. Skinny jeans that sold last year for around $9 are now $7.88. Target, which has acknowledged that it failed to deliver on the second part of its "Expect More, Pay Less" slogan, say about 60 per cent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 per cent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year's promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. "Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop," said Rick Gomez, Target's senior vice-president of marketing. Target is also extending its free shipping promotion by a week, waiving the shipping fee for all digital orders from earlier this week to Jan. 1. Wal-Mart doesn't plan to waive the $50 minimum for free shipping, but noted that online shoppers who spend less than that can opt for store pickup. ON MERCHANDISE: Both Target and Wal-Mart are offering even more exclusive products. Wal-Mart is offering 400 exclusive toy items including what is already a hit — a Disney Princess Carriage priced at $398. It's also adding thousands more items that will be available for store pickup. Target is offering 1,800 new or exclusive toys, about 15 per cent more than last year. Another exclusive is a 10-disc box set from Garth Brooks, which includes his new album and the 25th anniversary edition of "Friends in Low Places." The set will be in Target stores Nov. 11, two weeks before the new album is available elsewhere. Wal-Mart is also planning more product demonstrations, in departments from toys to food. And Santas who used to remain stationary will roam the stores for more customer interaction and selfies. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Choisette Hargon, of Paterson, N.J., shops for toys ahead of Christmas at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2016         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Sovrn Gives Publishers More Control with Outstream Video H.I.G. Capital Acquires Mixed-Use Portfolio in Denmark from Danske Bank Wells Fargo Advisors and SigFig Collaborate on Digital Advisory Offering           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart built a giant tower that acts like a vending machine for online orders Hayley Peterson Oct. 27, 2016, 12:50 PM 15,825 facebook linkedin twitter email print Field Agent Walmart has built a giant tower inside one of its stores that acts as a vending machine for online orders. The tower — or automatic pickup machine, as it's called internally — is being tested in a Walmart store in Bentonville, Arkansas, not far from the company's headquarters, according to a person familiar with the matter. The machine is so big that the company had to remove a chunk of the ceiling to fit it inside the store. It's located right inside the store's entrance. We learned about the machine after the consulting agency Field Agent spotted it in the wild and sent us a tip. Here's how it works: When a customer orders something online for in-store pickup, the customer gets an order number. When the person arrives at the tower, he or she enters the order number into the machine. Then the machine spits out the customer's package the way a vending machine can do with a bottle of Coke. The machine's giant size is due to the fact that it holds tons of packages inside. While it requires a lot of space, it's more versatile than pickup lockers — which Walmart has also tested — because it has the ability to adjust the size of the compartments where packages are kept, our source said. Walmart said it was still gathering feedback from customers while testing the machine. "We know speed and convenience are important to our customers, and we're always looking for new ways to bring it to them," Walmart spokesman Kory Lundberg said. "We are excited to be one of the first companies to test this new technology and are looking forward to hearing feedback from our customers and associates." SEE ALSO: Amazon is about to become the biggest clothing retailer in the US NOW WATCH: The biggest security mistakes people make when buying things online Loading video... More: Retail Walmart eCommerce Shopping Stores online pickup facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart built a giant tower that acts like a vending machine for online orders Walmart built a giant tower that acts like a vending machine for online orders Walmart has built a giant tower inside one of... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Walmart Says it Will Win on Prices This Holiday Posted on October 27, 2016 Tweet Walmart announced some its plans for holiday 2016 today. These plans include a faster checkout prices, reduced prices and increasing the number of products available through its Pickup service. Walmart is also vowing to "win" on prices this holiday season. Judith McKenna, chief operating officer, Walmart U.S., says in the announcement, "Whether our customers are checking items off their grocery lists or their kids' holiday lists, we want to make their shopping experiences easy and fun. This includes having clean, fast and friendly stores, an easier check out experience and enabling customers to shop seamlessly through services like Pickup." Walmart says it will have Holiday Helpers in stores helping customers get through checkout faster starting Nov. 4. The helpers can open new registers and grab items customers may have forgotten. For holiday deals, Walmart says it has already launched thousands of Rollbacks with new deals planned throughout November and December. They mention one specific deal in the release - a new Roku 32-inch HDTV for $125. This deal will be available in November and December and matches the retailer's 2015 Black Friday offer. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer, Walmart U.S, says in a statement, "It's not just about one category or one item. Our whole store is going to be stocked with new, exciting items from hot toys to new electronics available at the best prices. We will win the season on price, from the first weekend in November to Black Friday and Cyber Monday and through those final weeks in December." Photo: Walmart Latest News Toys R Us Reveals 2016 Black Friday Ad and Doorbuster Deals Amazon Black Friday Countdown Continues With Deals on Magformers, Networking Products and Aliens Microsoft Store Previews 2016 Black Friday Ad Deals Top 2016 Black Friday 4K TV and 1080p HDTV Deals Meijer Releases 2016 Black Friday Ad Amazon Black Friday Countdown Continues With Deals on Calvin Klein, Ravpower, K'Nex and Shavers Newegg Reveals 2016 Black Friday Deals Latest Deals Dell: Vizio 48-inch LED Smart HDTV + $150 Dell Promo eGift Card for $379.99 ebay: Fila Men's Quadrix Running Shoe for $22.99 (54% off) Amazon: Samsung SmartThings Home Monitoring Kit for $149.99 (40% off) Walmart: Meccano Meccasaur for $69.59 (42% off) Best Buy: Lenovo 15.6-inch 4GB RAM for $189.99 (24% off) Other Writers Write, Inc. Sites Gamers Game - gaming news Pleasant Morning Buzz - celebrity gossip and offbeat news Readers Read - book and publishing news Science, Space & Robots - the latest science news Watchers Watch - fashion and beauty news www.shoppersshop.com Copyright © 2002-2016 by Writers Write, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Mostly cloudy early, then clearing overnight. Low 44F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 6 The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Tiffany Davis, left, and Choisette Hargon, both of Paterson, N.J., shop for toys ahead of Christmas at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Associated Press Photos In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a man playing the role of Santa Claus, center, and Karyn Ochiuzzo, right, of Wood-Ridge, N.J., pose for a photo taken by Bill Ochiuzzo at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a shopper, left, walks with a store associate in the toy section at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Wal-Mart U.S., talks about the company's holiday offers during a news conference at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Choisette Hargon, of Paterson, N.J., shops for toys ahead of Christmas at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Wal-Mart, Target each take cue from the other for holidays By Anne D’Innocenzio Associated Press Oct 27, 2016 (…) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Tiffany Davis, left, and Choisette Hargon, both of Paterson, N.J., shop for toys ahead of Christmas at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Associated Press Photos In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a man playing the role of Santa Claus, center, and Karyn Ochiuzzo, right, of Wood-Ridge, N.J., pose for a photo taken by Bill Ochiuzzo at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a shopper, left, walks with a store associate in the toy section at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Wal-Mart U.S., talks about the company's holiday offers during a news conference at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Choisette Hargon, of Paterson, N.J., shops for toys ahead of Christmas at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) NEW YORK • Wal-Mart and Target are each taking a cue from the other this holiday season. After years of emphasizing low prices, Wal-Mart wants to up the ante, but it also wants to be known for top customer service. Target, which has a better image in that regard, has puts new focus on offering deals. The shift underscores how traditional retailers have to perfect every aspect of their operations as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. With online leader Amazon.com cementing customers with its juggernaut Amazon Prime shipping service, retailers such as Target and Wal-Mart need to offer more exclusive merchandise. Heading into the critical holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The Bentonville, Ark.-based company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. Target had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell. “Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season, it should be a boon,” said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. “I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle.” On service Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, and its move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has helped. For the end of the year, the world’s largest retailer plans to deploy “holiday helpers” stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item someone forgot. It’s adding staff to help customers who are picking up online orders at the stores, and designating a manager for that area. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared with a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. “We want to serve the customer as they want to be served,” Wal-Mart’s Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna said at a store in Teterboro, N.J., on Wednesday. For service, Target is also focusing on making online ordering and pickups easier. Starting Nov. 1, it’ll have 1,106 stores — double the current number — that will ship directly to online shoppers. That should speed up delivery, and Target will be able to fulfill more orders. Online shoppers also can pick up their orders at all of Target’s stores. On price Wal-Mart promises to be even more aggressive on prices as part of an investment of several billion dollars over the next few years. It similarly plans to offer more consistent pricing, instead of shorter-term deals. For example, a Roku 32-inch HDTV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season this year. Skinny jeans that sold last year for about $9 are now $7.88. Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Target, which has acknowledged that it failed to deliver on the second part of its “Expect More, Pay Less” slogan, says about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year’s promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. “Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop,” said Rick Gomez, Target’s senior vice president of marketing. Target is also extending its free shipping promotion, waiving the shipping fee for all digital orders from this week to Jan. 1. Wal-Mart doesn’t plan to waive the $50 minimum for free shipping, but noted that online shoppers who spend less than that can opt for store pickup. On merchandise Both Target and Wal-Mart are offering even more exclusive products. Wal-Mart is offering 400 exclusive toy items including what is already a hit — a Disney Princess Carriage priced at $398. It’s also adding thousands more items that will be available for store pickup. Target is offering 1,800 new or exclusive toys, about 15 percent more than last year. Another exclusive is a 10-disc box set from Garth Brooks, which includes his new album and the 25th anniversary edition of “Friends in Low Places.” The set will be in Target stores Nov. 11, two weeks before the new album is available elsewhere. Wal-Mart is also planning more product demonstrations, in departments from toys to food. And Santas who used to remain stationary will roam the stores for more customer interaction and selfies. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business General News Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Financial Performance Corporate News Wal-mart Store View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Lord & Taylor closing downtown St. Louis office, laying off 77 IT employees Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Panera closes St. Louis Bread Co. on South Grand GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Swansea imaging center ordered to stop operating over poor mammography images Eyesore town home development in Florissant will be reincarnated as a first responder training site SLU would control tax breaks, demo Pevely Dairy building under Midtown redevelopment plan Andy Cohen to appear Nov. 25 on KMOX with Charlie Brennan SEC chair to step down, clearing path for Trump to eliminate tough Wall Street regulations Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart’s holiday ‘service’ strategy: In-store pickups, low prices, ‘holiday helpers’ October 27, 2016 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Knowing frazzled customers are in search of overall value, Walmart is emphasizing customer service this holiday season.    A chain synonymous with the concept of “everyday low prices,” Walmart is taking a new stance this holiday as a means of competing with rivals Target and Amazon, which are focusing on lower prices. While it is not abandoning its signature “Rollbacks” entirely, the discount giant is eager to attract the omnichannel shopper. That said, Walmart is raising the bar by having the broadest assortment of merchandise available at the best price, and focusing on quickly getting it into shoppers’ hands, whether they order online or visit a physical store.   The retail behemoth’s first move was to dramatically expand its online catalog. Knowing that the volume of items ordered online and picked up in stores on the same day increases by five times during the holiday season, Walmart will expand the amount of items available across categories, including apparel, toys and seasonal decor. And the increases will continue to ramp up all season long.   Walmart’s online assortment has already jumped from roughly 8 million items at the start of this year to 20 million today, and “millions of additional items are scheduled to be added in the coming months,” according to a company statement.    The retailer is also making its broader assortment easier to shop. Starting Nov. 1, Walmart.com will feature a Top 20 list of items to help customers discover exclusive offerings, competitive prices and coveted products. This service supports Walmart’s holiday marketing strategy, which will focus more on discounts and offering the lowest prices on items instead of "gimmicky" product deals — a move that responds to their customers’ expectations of more consistent pricing. This is the second year Walmart is using this holiday marketing strategy.   Where Walmart draws the line, however, is on free shipping for online orders. Unlike competitors like Target that are waiving shipping fees for the season, Walmart will still require shoppers to make a minimum online order of $50 to avoid shipping charges, the statement said.   In hopes of providing a little more cheer during store visits, Walmart is also introducing an army of Holiday Helpers to better serve customers in the checkout line. Armed with candy canes, these helpers will assist customers with finding the shortest line, direct shoppers to open registers, and quickly grab items customers might have forgotten, the statement said.   “We are listening to our customers and looking for ways to simplify their busy lives,” said Judith McKenna, COO, Walmart U.S.   Depending on store traffic, Walmart will increase the amount of helpers on hand. The easy-to-find, yellow-vested team will arrive at stores on Nov. 4.   In addition, the chain will feature 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, and Santa also plans to make 23,000 visits chainwide throughout the season, the statement said.   “Whether our customers are checking items off their grocery lists or their kids’ holiday lists, we want to make their shopping experiences easy and fun,” McKenna added. “This includes having clean, fast and friendly stores, an easier check out experience and enabling customers to shop seamlessly through services like ‘pick-up.’” Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Sears executive jumps ship for party supplies specialty retailer Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 CEO shakeup at Whole Foods Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery New York & Co. names Sears, Ann Taylor vet to head up marketing and online Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores The Clinic, Denver Business is booming in the fast-growing business of medical and recreational cannabis. And the shops that specialize in the trade are taking their game up more than a few notches. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home Events Library Jobs Topics Newsletter Search Technology Trends Marketing E-commerce Payments Logistics Corporate News Loss Prevention Holidays Feature Why Macy's will open its doors on Thanksgiving Day, but Mall of America won't Black Friday creep has pressured big-box retailers to open earlier and earlier, but some have emphatically announced they will close. Which strategy works best? Author By Corinne Ruff @corinnesusan • Published Oct. 24, 2016 Macy’s made headlines earlier this month after announcing it would push up its opening hours on Thanksgiving Day to 5 p.m — an hour earlier than the year before. But the retailer's decision to open its doors on the holiday is far from radical. Macy's has consistently opened on Thanksgiving Day since 2013, as have many other big-box retailers. Over the last several years, competition between retailers like Wal-Mart, Kohl’s, Best Buy, Target and J.C. Penney has driven doorbuster promotions earlier and earlier — a phenomenon aptly known as “Black Friday creep.” Yet this year, many retailers are reversing course and plan to close on Thanksgiving Day. Mall of America, Office Depot and hhgregg are just a few that threw in the towel after previously opening on the holiday. In public statements, retailers said their motivation to close was to let employees enjoy the day off with their families. While that may be true, the reality is that opening on Thanksgiving may not make financial sense for most retailers anymore: The dilution of Black Friday as a single-day shopping bonanza has spread sales throughout the weekend, meaning that most specialty retailers won't see significant gains from opening on Thanksgiving, according to Moody's lead retail analyst Charlie O'Shea. "We doubt that the majority of specialty retailers benefit from ... this annual Thanksgiving opening arms race." auto image + link "We doubt that the majority of specialty retailers benefit from involvement in this annual Thanksgiving opening arms race,” O'Shea wrote in a note published on Thursday and emailed to Retail Dive. “We believe most retailers would be best served shifting dollars spent on Thanksgiving openings by pulling their web specials forward and picking off some additional sales earlier in the week, and offering heavier in-store promotions over the weekend." Many retailers have been pressured to follow Wal-Mart's lead on early promotions during the week leading up to Black Friday, O'Shea said. While most have been disappointed with the results, department stores may be one of the few retailers to reap the rewards of opening on Thanksgiving itself. Thanksgiving openings don't work for everyone For years, retailers have held special early morning Black Friday hours. In 2011, retailers such as Kohl's, Macy's and Target pushed up those hours to midnight, and a year later, Wal-Mart announced it would open at 8 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day. Since then, the retailer has pushed its opening hours as early as 6 p.m., while others have followed suit. Wal-Mart was the catalyst for Thanksgiving Day openings throughout the retail industry, Moody's O'Shea said. Wal-Mart has historically opened on Thanksgiving Day to pick up food sales from procrastinating grocery shoppers who need a last minute dish. Competitors like Target quickly caught on to the early promotions, and the retailer continues to open on Thanksgiving to keep up competition against Wal-Mart. Specialty retailers like Gamestop, Old Navy, American Girl and others have also latched onto the trend in past years, but haven't seen nearly as much success. "We have seen too many instances of apparel retailers having to promote heavily the week after Thanksgiving, which is an indication that sales were slow over the weekend," O'Shea said.  Even Wal-Mart is pulling back on heavy promotions. Last year, The Wall Street Journal reported Wal-Mart would first offer doorbuster Black Friday discounts online on Thanksgiving night, but they would not stretch the deals over a five-day period as it had done in the past. Instead, the retailer said it would cut prices over the entire holiday season. The reality for most retailers is that staying open on Thursday often means less business for the Friday and Saturday afterward, Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at the NPD Group, wrote in an email to Retail Dive. "Holiday shoppers continue to shop where and when they want, with value and the perfect gift in mind." auto image + link “Holiday shoppers continue to shop where and when they want, with value and the perfect gift in mind,” he said. “If a store states it will be closed, it only means that if the consumer wants to shop there, they will have to do so another day, or go online that day.” Data from the NPD Group’s Checkout Tracking Total Channel shows that fewer shoppers are turning out to shop on both days — and they are increasingly choosing to go out only on Black Friday. Source: The NPD Group/Checkout Tracking Total Channel   Source: The NPD Group/Checkout Tracking Total Channel   The costs of opening For many retailers, the costs of opening on Thanksgiving may not be worth it.  “First and foremost, when retailers open on Thanksgiving, they have to think about if [last year] they were driving incremental sales and margins,” Joel Alden, a partner in the Consumer Products & Retail Practice at consulting firm A.T. Kearney, told Retail Dive. “I think [last year] they were spreading sales they were getting in a period for one day across two days, and not getting an uptick in margin.” If retailers expect shoppers to take the time to line up before doors open, they should also be able to deliver a unique customer experience, Alden said. "While [shoppers] are first there for price, experience is not a too far distant second,” he said. “I would liken it to free entrance to a nightclub: If they have a lousy time, they won't be coming back. It's more difficult to deliver experience on two high-pressured days.” Retailers should also consider whether they have the ability to sustain inventory throughout the five-day holiday, as well as having enough staff willing to work on the holiday. "Nothing says we care about profitability more than people than making them work a holiday like this one." auto image + link Many employees aren’t willing to work two high-pressured days back-to-back, Lisa Sterling, Chief People Officer at Ceridian, a human capital management technology company, wrote in a note to Retail Dive. Sterling suggested that staying open sends a message to employees and applauded Mall of America for closing for the first time. “While business success is instrumental, so is employee engagement," she wrote. "Nothing says we care about profitability more than people than making them work a holiday like this one.” Closing or opening, it's all about being 'on-brand' Whether retailers open or close on Turkey day also depends on their brand and core customer base. “For some of them to close, like an REI saying they will be closed on Thanksgiving and Black Friday — it's very much on brand, it works for a retailer like that,” A.T. Kearney's Alden said. “I think Nordstrom can play a bit of that as well. They can say on Friday it will be a great experience, they are known for delivering a great experience, they can say their sales staff will be there full of energy — it works for them.” But for retailers like Wal-Mart — which depend much less on assisting customers and providing an experience — Alden said the choice to open is more of a pure operational question. As a retailer with many 24/7 locations, adding Black Friday promotions on Thanksgiving is on-brand for Wal-Mart. “We need lines moving, shelves stocked — those things. I think it differs by retailer,” Alden said. “I think what plays into it is how strong are their digital channels. [A retailer] may be closed down the street, but virtually open and can capture digital sales.” "[The decision to open on Thanksgiving] is a market share game more than anything." auto image + link Retailers with strong digital channels — such as GameStop, which has opted to close on Thanksgiving the last several years — can drive online doorbusters and other unique deals on important days, such as when popular games are released. “I think there are several [retailers] that make it consistent — it's not something they will waver on any time soon. They promote it as developing their brand,” Alden said. But some retailers are certainly finding reason enough to open on the holiday. On Monday, the two largest U.S. mall developers, Simon Property Group and General Growth Properties, announced their shopping centers will be open on Thanksgiving. Although individual retailers aren’t required to open, a Simon representative told Fortune that the majority will not close. For mall developers, department stores and big-box retailers, staying open on Thanksgiving often makes sense if that's what the competition is doing. "It's a market share game more than anything," Alden said. "You may do it for competitive reasons." This story is part of our ongoing coverage of the 2016 holiday shopping season. You can browse our holiday page for more stories. Follow Corinne Ruff on Twitter share tweet post email print Filed Under: Holiday Shopping 2016 Top image credit: Getty Images GET THE TOP NEWS Select Newsletter: Retail Dive Topics covered: retail tech, e-commerce, in-store operations, marketing, and more. Daily view sample Select Newsletter: Retail Dive: Marketing Weekly view sample Select Newsletter: Retail Dive: Tech Weekly view sample Email: Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. We care about your privacy. Most Popular Amazon expands Home Services to 20 more US cities Nov. 14 Amazon files first lawsuits against counterfeit sellers Nov. 15 Kenneth Cole to shutter all but two US stores Nov. 14 Wayfair expands virtual reality universe with IdeaSpace Nov. 13 Feature What President Trump means for retailers Nov. 09 What We're Reading TheStreet Home Depot beats earnings forecasts, lifts full-year guidance Nov. 15 Fortune Anti-Trump boycott targets retailers that sell Trump-branded products Nov. 15 Bloomberg Bed Bath & Beyond stops selling Welspun Egyptian cotton sheets Nov. 15 View all Events eTail West Feb 27 – Mar 2, 2017 • JW Marriott Desert Springs Resort & Spa, Palm Springs, CA Grand Strand Gift & Resort Merchandise Show Dec 4 – Dec 7, 2016 • Myrtle Beach, SC Promotional Products Association International Jan 8 – Jan 12, 2017 • Las Vegas, NV Retail's Big Show Jan 13 – Jan 14, 2017 • New York, NY View all events LIBRARY Webinar Shipping Options for Today’s Marketplace UPS Whitepaper Connecting The Dots Across Channels with Omni-Channel Fulfillment IBM Commerce Whitepaper The New World of Assortment Planning: Driving Growth and Expansion with Intelligent Decision-Making UXC Eclipse View all GET THE DIVE BRIEFING. The top industry headlines. Select Newsletter: Retail Dive Topics covered: retail tech, e-commerce, in-store operations, marketing, and more. Daily view sample Select Newsletter: Retail Dive: Marketing Weekly view sample Select Newsletter: Retail Dive: Tech Weekly view sample Email: Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. We care about your privacy. Read next 1 Macy's taps social media to spread the Santa spirit 2 Report: October retail sales hit 2-year high 3 Dick's exploits competitor struggles to beat expectations 4 Amazon files first lawsuits against counterfeit sellers 5 Neiman Marcus CFO Grimes resigns after 17 months Dive in Submit A Tip Editorial Team About Newsletter Press Releases What We're Reading Advertising Contact Follow RSS Feedback Work Email: Message: Submit Please leave this field blank © 2016 Industry Dive. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy. Search Home Topics Technology Trends Marketing E-commerce Payments Logistics Corporate News Loss Prevention Holidays Events Library Jobs GET THE DIVE BRIEFING. The top industry headlines. Select Newsletter: Retail Dive Topics covered: retail tech, e-commerce, in-store operations, marketing, and more. Daily view sample Select Newsletter: Retail Dive: Marketing Weekly view sample Select Newsletter: Retail Dive: Tech Weekly view sample Email: Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. We care about your privacy.
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Local Deals Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Johnston County October 27, 2016 12:37 PM Johnston Charter Academy to build beside Walmart Johnston County’s second charter school, Johnston Charter Academy, will be built off of Financial Drive, next door to the Clayton Walmart. TOWN OF CLAYTON Johnston Charter Academy, scheduled to open in Clayton in 2017, will be a two-story, 47,000-square-foot building with room for 772 students in grades K-8. TOWN OF CLAYTON Bob Dunston of National Heritage Academies, a Michigan-based charter school company, presents the plan for Johnston Charter Academy to the Clayton Planning Board. Drew Jackson jdjackson@newsobserver.com 1 of 3 i By Drew Jackson jdjackson@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Johnston County’s second charter school will be next-door neighbor to the Clayton Walmart, according to a site plan endorsed Monday by the town’s planning board. The N.C. Board of Education approved Johnston Charter Academy in August, allowing the school to work toward a 2017 opening. The school will spend the next year hiring staff, including teachers, and building a facility. Johnston Charter Academy will open with kindergarten through sixth grade and expand a grade per year until 2019, when it will top out at eighth grade. The maximum enrollment at that point will be 772 students. The school is essentially a franchise of the National Heritage Academies model, which already has 83 schools across the country, including 10 in North Carolina. The Michigan-based company educates about 56,000 students in nine states. The two-story school building will be about 47,000 square feet and sit on around eight acres of the 67-acre Stephens property in between Walmart and the ABC store on U.S. 70 Business. The campus will have two playgrounds, athletic fields and a long, snaking car-ride queue. “There’s a pretty significant amount of road throughout this school; there’s almost a mile-worth of car queuing for pick up and drop off,” town planner Jay McLeod said. “Charter schools don’t use buses, so they rely on parents to drop off and pick up kids every day, which leads to a pretty impressive drop-off and pick-up process.” The school will stand at the end of Financial Drive, which won’t have a traffic signal at its intersection with U.S. 70 Business. Planning board member Stephen Powers pointed out that the school’s morning and afternoon bells could have an impact on the highway traffic, clogging up intersections as parents pick up or drop off their kids. “You’ve got a 500-foot turning lane, and you’ve got a mile-worth of cars every day, 770 kids, probably not 770 cars, but it’ll be close to it,” Powers said. “What’s the plan for the afternoon when 200, to be conservative, are coming up to the highway and want to go left? That would be my concern.” McLeod said the N.C. Department of Transportation signed off on the school’s traffic-impact plan, and traffic engineer Amy Giachario, who designed the school’s parking lot, said the arrival times of parents are generally spread out. “Mainly I lay it out for the dismissal process,” Giachario said of the queue. “The parents come a half-hour or 45 minutes early, and they don’t come all at one time, so that’s why you don’t need mile-long storage lanes. They sporadically come in, and they all have to wait at dismissal time, so they start coming 45 minutes beforehand and line up through the site, so that’s why you need the whole mile-long queuing.” Giachario described the pick-up procedure to sound something like an assembly line, where 12 cars at a time enter a pick-up zone for their kids to get in the car. When all 12 are loaded, those drive off and 12 more come in. She noted that the school day begins and ends at the same time for all grades. The snake-like route of the parking queue caught the eye of planning board member Bob Ahlert, who worried that the considerable turning radius of a large fire truck might not be able to navigate the hairpin turns of the school’s parking lot. McLeod said the town’s fire marshal reviewed and signed off on the plan. Bob Dunston, who made the school’s presentation to the planning board, said construction should take three to four months. Assuming the Clayton Town Council signs off on the school’s special-use permit later this year, Dunston said the contractor could break ground in January. “If we stay on that schedule, we’ll absolutely meet the August opening date without any problem,” Dunston said. Some members of the planning board expressed enthusiasm for the school coming to Clayton. The county’s only other charter, Neuse Charter in Smithfield, is wrapping up its first decade of existence, and Johnston Charter Academy looks to offer another option in the high-growth western end of Johnston. “I’m excited about you coming,” planning board member James Lipscomb said. “I’m excited about another educational option.” Other than traffic questions, the board found little to fault in the school plan. The planning board has the authority to approve site plans but also recommended the town council approve the school’s special-use permit to open an elementary school in Clayton. “I think you can see that we’re very happy to have another school in the offering here in Clayton,” planning board chairman Frank Price said. “A charter school, it seems like every town needs one in this day and time.” Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Johnston County Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken Pause 7:44 Triangle residents speak out on NCAA HB2 decision 0:56 UNC's Roy Williams will 'be damned' if he's going to emulate Duke 1:09 68 Seconds of Dadgum Roy 0:48 Sunday Supper on Fayetteville from the air 4:24 Election 2016 in 4 mins: a year and a half of historic surprises and scandals 2:43 DNA expert questioned on evidence in Peterson case 1:58 Black figures hung in protest at Winthrop University over legacy of lynching history in SC 6:14 Cary Elementary School's Guide on Voting Etiquette 2:38 Meet Judge Mike Morgan, North Carolina's newest Supreme Court justice Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Matthew flooding collapses Smith Road 1:39 a month ago Matthew flooding collapses Smith Road 2:06 a month ago Matthew floods Johnston County Boys & Girls Club 1:18 a month ago Matthew floods Smithfield councilman's business View more video Johnston County Judge yanks officer’s badge Johnston County Real Estate Transactions Johnston board salutes retiring commissioners Health-care plans enrolling Johnstonians With Olympians’ help, Portofino aids flooded Boys and Girls Club Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
null
LINKS Login Profile Archives Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Employment Advertise Contact Us Browse Archives This week's headlines: Higgins earns state rep nod over Ardinger Man arrested with illegally possessed firearm The Cup Crusaders complete third... Pet Talk: Service and support animals have... A delusional retirement plan Indian Hill string quartet to perform at... Art association announces November meeting Upcoming events at the Leominster Public... Organization presents quilts to four local... St. Leo School and Parish to hold Holiday... New England Shutterbugs announce November... HealthAlliance donates to Alzheimer’s park... Montachusett Home Care sponsors Socks for... Commerce Bank launches Toys for Tots drive ~ Passings ~ Bodanza to talk local football history in... NewVue offers Homebuyer Education classes Card program launched to support shopping... Gift baskets and food drive to help... A CHANCE FOR HEALING Sons of Norway to hold Scandinavian Viking... Weekend Planner SECTIONS Home News Front Page Your City Campaign Corner Neighborhoods Opinion Obituaries Public Safety Schools Team Leominster Calendar Classifieds Browse Pages (PDF) Place an ad Real Estate Contests 2016-10-28 / Opinions & Editorial Tweet Print Retailers merchandize suicide and self harm for Halloween A column by Guy Beales Pete Earley, a widely respected author and blogger about mental health, recently reported that Walmart was advertising, with graphic illustrations, a “Razor Blade Suicide Scar Wound Latex Costume Make Up.” After receiving protests, this item was removed from the Walmart website. According to a Walmart representative, “This costume is appalling and it was unacceptable for a third-party seller to list it on our marketplace. It clearly violated our prohibited items policy and we removed it when it was brought to our attention.” But after the removal of this offensive item, others that are equally troubling remain on the website, inviting shoppers to purchase makeup that mimics slashed wrists and slashed throats. And Walmart is not the only retailer marketing such trash: Amazon.com offers (as of this writing, Monday morning) several versions of a “Slashed Wrist Kit” and a “Slashed Wrist Latex Appliance,” as well as several kinds of “Slashed Throat Make-Up.” And there are doubtless other retailers that sell the same items. How much Halloween joy will this bring to the thousands of families that each year lose a loved one to suicide or experience a suicide attempt? What will be their reactions if a trick-or-treater rings their doorbell and greets them with the appearance of slashed wrists or a slashed throat? And it’s not only those affected by suicide, but also individuals for whom cutting is a symptom of mental health conditions not related to suicide. According to The New York Times, “Suicide in the United States has surged to the highest levels in nearly 30 years,” reaching 42,773 in 2014 (April 22, 2016). Put in another perspective, that is 117 suicides each day. These statistics mean that hundreds of thousands of people are affected by suicides: Family members, friends, neighbors, faith communities, coworkers and first responders. And what about attempted suicides and their effects on literally millions of people? According to the American Society for Suicide Prevention, there are 25 attempts for each completed suicide; that translates into more than 1 million suicide attempts each year. See https://afsp.org/?p=811. Here in north central Massachusetts, the 2014 suicide rate was 20.9 per 100,000 population — more than twice the statewide average of 9.0 per 100,000. Walmart, Amazon.com, and other retailers that want to help us celebrate Halloween with graphic reminders of suicide and self harm need to rethink their values. It would be better if they acknowledged the tragic realities of suicide and helped spread the information that help is available for those contemplating suicide and for survivors, such as the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, (800) 273-TALK (8255), press 1 if you are a veteran; Samaritans Statewide, (877) 870-4673; the Men’s Suicide Prevention Project, (978) 630-6455; Statewide Emergency Services, (877) 382-1609, and the Suicide Prevention Task Force, www.suicidepreventiontaskforce.org. Guy Beales of Fitchburg is president of the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) of North Central Massachusetts. Return to top Home | Contact Us baystateparent magazine | Millbury-Sutton Chronicle | The Landmark | Worcester Magazine Copyright © 2007-2016 Leominster Champ, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Tackling Long Checkout Lines This Holiday Season With Troop Of “Helpers” Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Tackling Long Checkout Lines This Holiday Season With Troop Of “Helpers” Image courtesy of Walmart October 27, 2016 10:39 am EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler more helpers on hand walmart retailer holiday plans holiday sales gearing up for holiday season shopping After spending your precious time plodding up and down the aisles of the local big box store, marking off items on your holiday shopping list, the last thing you want to do is wait in the checkout line for an hour. Walmart’s new plan to avoid this annoyance involves specialized teams whose only jobs will be to keep these lines moving. The Washington Post reports that after feedback from customers unhappy with the holiday checkout process of the past, Walmart plans to hire these in-store traffic directors during the busy late-year shopping season. The employees, who will don special yellow vests, might direct customers to available cashiers, open an extra register if things get especially bogged down, or act as gophers for price checks and to grab items you may have forgotten. “That was actually the number one thing that customers told us,” Judith McKenna, Walmart chief operating officer, said during a holiday strategy presentation. “Which is, ‘How can you help us get through the checkouts faster?’ ” McKenna says that the new helpers will begin work at stores on Nov. 4 and the size of the teams will vary based on store location and sales volume. Also new this year, the company plans to focus more on its store pickup program, where customers place orders online and then stop by a store to grab-and-go. Walmart will add department managers to the pickup areas in a bid to make sure things go smoothly, the Post reports. As for any holiday deals, the company was rather mum on what it has up its sleeve, only mentioning it would be similar to its 2015 strategy. Last year, the retailer offered its traditional Black Friday and Cyber Monday (starting on Sunday, because, of course) deals, and then season-long promotions instead of weekend sales. How Walmart aims to get you through checkout faster this holiday season [The Washington Post] October 27, 2016 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler more helpers on hand walmart retailer holiday plans holiday sales gearing up for holiday season shopping Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related humans in aisle 8 Walmart Promises To Have Humans At Cash Registers This Holiday Season… Sort Of rush delivery Woman Gives Birth To Baby Boy In Walmart Checkout Lane, Pays For Merchandise First not taking it seriously Walmart Loses Customer’s Black Friday Order, Tells Her To Re-Order At Full Price holidazed and confused More Price-Matching, Better Staffing And Other Black Friday Predictions next Slow Rollout Of Chip-And-PIN Credit Cards May Keep Lines Moving This Holiday Season Previous FCC Adopts New Privacy Rule Limiting What ISPs Can Do With Your Personal Data Next Groupon Gets A Great Deal On Rival Site LivingSocial Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Groupon Gets A Great Deal On Rival Site LivingSocial Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Wal-Mart expands its money transfer service by Talk Business & Politics staff. Published Oct 27th, 2016 9:31 am staff2@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Retail giant Wal-Mart Stores announced changes to its money transfer service “Walmart-2-Walmart” increasing the transfer limit and lowering service fees while also allowing international transfers to Mexico. Walmart has been transferring money for customers through the Ria network in the United States since 2014. This week the retailer said customers can now send up to $2,500 through its transfer service, expanding from a $900 limit previously. The cost for the transfers are $18. The retailer also has expanded this service into Mexico at more than 1,250 store locations allowing customers to send up to $800 for $6.50 or less from any Walmart store in the U.S. Wal-Mart also lowered the service fees associated with U.S. MoneyGram transfers. MoneyGram allows for transfers between $1,000 and $10,000. Customers pay $20 for transactions under $2,500 and 1.2% on transfers above that, according to the release. “Our customers tell us they are looking for simple and affordable solutions that make their lives easier,” said Kirsty Ward, vice president-services, Walmart U.S. “Millions of our customers use transfers as part of their everyday money management – sending funds regularly to their loved ones and often in times of urgent need. We’re committed to driving down the cost of sending money, which means customers keep more of their hard-earned funds.” A recent report from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. found nearly 27% of Americans are unbanked or underbanked relying on services such as wire transfers from non-traditional banks. That report also indicated the national rate of unbanked is the lowest on record at 7%. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 0shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Walmart is deploying an army of ‘holiday helpers’ Walmart is deploying an army of ‘holiday helpers’ Posted on Thursday, October 27, 2016 by CNN in Business News Walmart says it’s deploying an army of so-called holiday helpers to help customers get through the checkout line. They will start working Nov. 4, when the giant retailer begins its relentless focus on holiday shopping, especially for Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving. “Holiday helpers, ready with candy canes and smiles, will assist customers with finding the shortest line, open registers as needed and will even quickly grab items customers might have forgotten,” Walmart said in a press release Thursday. Walmart usually hires tens of thousands of workers for temporary holiday jobs. Walmart brought back its familiar front door greeters in May after a hiatus. The company has been experimenting with the role after hiring thousands of greeters since then. The job serves a number of roles, including customer service and shoplifting prevention. Smart cars drive 2nd biggest tech deal in history India's corporate giant gripped by boardroom bust up Related Posts Lawsuit makes claims about Trump-Ailes ties Why Detroit schools are in such deep trouble Banks having worst start to a year since 2011 Energy drink scores $100K from AOL co-founder Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 46° F Overcast Hi: 49° F Lo: 43° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Hamden residents arrested for prostitution Updated: 57 mins ago Two Hamden residents have been on prostitution related charges. West Hartford Police issue alert following string of home burglaries Updated: 59 mins ago West Hartford Police are investigating a string of home burglaries. Sandy Hook families ask state Supreme Court to hear suit against gun companies Updated: 17 mins ago Trump huddling with Pence as he nears Cabinet decisions Updated: 39 mins ago Wildfires Scorch, Smother Southeastern States Updated: 19 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 46° F Overcast Feels Like: 40° F Wind: NNE 14 Humidity: 96% Dewpoint: 45° F Sunrise: 6:40 AM Sunset: 4:32 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 46° F Overcast Hi: 49° F Lo: 43° F Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value By Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 10:32 am Updated: October 27, 2016, 12:29 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) TETERBORO, N.J. (AP)  Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. The world’s largest retailer plans to deploy “holiday helpers” stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. The ways in which Target and Wal-Mart are each trying to be more like the other underscore how traditional retailers have to raise their game in every aspect as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. Now, they have to be good at everything. Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, but it’s especially critical for the holiday season. It’s adding additional staff to handle the pickup of online orders at the stores, and for the first time, it’s designating a manager for that area for the holiday season. It also is dramatically adding more items that will be available for pickup. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer also plans to have 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, in departments from toys to food. That’s up from last year. And Santas who used to remain stationary in one area of the store will roam around for more customer interaction. It expects about 23,000 appearances across its stores throughout the season. “We want to serve the customer as they want to be served,” Wal-Mart’s Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. Target, meanwhile, said Tuesday that about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year’s promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. Heading into the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. The company has been benefiting from changes like cleaning up its stores and being sharper on prices. Wal-Mart’s move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has also helped improve service. Target, though, had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. It blamed several factors, such as focusing too much on marketing its stylish merchandise and not enough on bringing in customers looking for deals on basics. Both retailers are slated to report third-quarter results next month. “Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season it should be a boon,” said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. “I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle.” Target’s move to emphasize value actually comes as Wal-Mart itself has made prices a renewed focus. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart’s U.S. stores, said that just like last year, the company will focus on rollbacks that last 90 days, pulling away from shorter-term promotions. A Roku 32-inch HDTV TV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season long this year. Target knows it’s facing a challenge. “Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop,” said Rick Gomez, Target’s senior vice president of marketing. ____ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Thanksgiving Day shopping is here to stay _ with some tweaks Macy’s sees happy holidays and shares boom J.C. Penney offers refunds on questionable towels, comforter set Wal-Mart cutting about 7,000 back-office store jobs Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Walmart's Christmas gift to you: faster checkout lines walmart checkout lines In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) (Julio Cortez) Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Times-Picayune Follow on Twitter on October 27, 2016 at 8:24 AM comments TETERBORO, N.J. - This holiday shopping season, you'll see plenty of red and green at Walmart. But you're also going to see a lot of yellow. The big-box chain is investing in specialized teams of store workers known as "holiday helpers," recognizable by their bright yellow vests, Santa hats and festive shoulder bags. These staffers are going to be primarily focused on keeping checkout lines moving as efficiently as possible: They might direct you to an available cashier, open an extra register or run back into the aisles to get an item you forgot to grab. During a holiday strategy presentation at a Walmart store here, the retailer's U.S. chief operating officer, Judith McKenna, said that the holiday helper team was devised in response to shopper feedback. "That was actually the number one thing that customers told us," McKenna said. "Which is, 'How can you help us get through the checkouts faster?' " The holiday helpers are scheduled to start showing up in stores Nov. 4. The number of such workers will vary by location, based on the size and sales volume, but each store will ramp up the number of helpers on weekends and other busy days. Walmart's investment in holiday helpers is evidence that, even in the digital era, retailers are focused on fine-tuning the in-store experience. The world's largest retailer did not offer specifics on what its deals would be this November and December, but executives said the approach would be similar to 2015. Last year, the chain offered special Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals after the Thanksgiving holiday, but otherwise it hewed to season-long promotions instead of such things as weekend-long flash sales. Executives said they thought that consumers would find that strategy less confusing and frustrating. Walmart also said it is expecting a surge in usage of its pickup program, which allows shoppers to order items online and retrieve them at a counter in the store. To make that operation run more smoothly, the retailer is moving this season to add department managers to its pickup areas. A sign that hangs behind the Teterboro store's counter gives you a sense of their mandate: "High five for a less than five-minute wait time." On the e-commerce front, Walmart hopes to deliver a stronger performance this year by relying on an expanded assortment of items. At the beginning of 2016, it had about 8 million items for sale online; today, it has about 20 million, including goods offered by third-party sellers on its marketplace. That's a sharp improvement, and yet it is still far less than the 350 million items that Amazon.com is thought to carry. (Amazon's chief executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos, owns The Washington Post.) As always, Walmart will also be trying to win the holiday shopping wars with its merchandise selection. In the toy aisle, it is counting on a lineup of 400 exclusive toys to distinguish its offering from that of the pack. In particular, executives pointed out a $398 ride-on Disney Princess Carriage that has been selling so quickly that the chain has had ask the supplier to make more of the electric coaches. In the apparel department, Walmart plans to ride the "ugly Christmas sweater" wave. In recent years, theme parties that ask revelers to come decked out in their cheesiest seasonal regalia have abounded. In turn, executives noticed that kitschy sweaters were selling well - and that men were often buying these garments in women's size large, so they've ramped up their offering of festive sweaters this year. -- (c) 2016, The Washington Post. Sarah Halzack wrote this story. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 30 Greater New Orleans business people making a move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Black Friday 2016 Deal Hunt Kicked Off By Walmart Posted: Oct 27 2016, 6:07am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Oct 28 2016, 11:55am CDT, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Walmart's Holiday Helpers   Walmart surprised today with the release of the first Black Friday 2016 deal. Walmart just changed the game plan of Black Friday 2016 by releasing the first Black Friday 2016 deal on October 27. If you are quick this morning you can pick up the 32-inch TCL 32750 Smart TV for $125. How To: Find Nintendo NES Classic In Stock TV deals will be again the most popular Black Friday deals this year and Walmart just delivered the first Black Friday 2016 TV deal. Walmart admits that its the same Black Friday deal the retailer offered last year, but it is still better than any deal on a 32-inch Smart TV available now. Walmart announced to offer the $125 Smart TV deal in November and December. The deal is available now online with in store pick-up only. Stock is limited. We assume Walmart will have new stock coming in throughout the Black Friday and Holiday sales season. Also on sale at Walmart are 4K Ultra TV Xbox One S Bundles starting at $479. Walmart is bundling Sceptre and JVC 4K TVs with the new Xbox One S. The problem with the bundled low-end 4K TVs is HDR support. You will not be able to benefit from the full image quality improvement HDR is offering. Refer to this list of 4K HDR TVs that bring out the color and contrast offered by HDR enhanced games and movies. Besides Walmart, Target will soon offer the first Holiday sale. Starting this Sunday, October 30, shoppers can get free video game with the purchase of two video games at Target. It appears retailers try to win some time lost through the Presidential election and early Thanksgiving date by ramping up Holiday sales end of October. Walmart announced its plans for the Holidays earlier today with the release of the first Black Friday 2016 deal. When you visit a Walmart you will be encountering for the first time Holiday helpers. It is never too early to get ready for Black Friday. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. Find all Black Friday 2016 Ads as soon as they released in this Black Friday 2016 Ad list including the highly anticipated Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad. The first Black Friday 2016 ads are already released. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. The Black Friday 2016 sales begin as early as November 4. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Best Black Friday Deals Today 1 hour ago AAFES Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 2 hours ago Black Friday goes Mobile Online and In Stores 3 hours ago ToysRUs Black Friday 2016 Sale Begins Sunday for Members 3 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad: $398 60-inch Vizio D60N-E3 1080p TV 3 hours ago Jay Leno Drives Ferrari F40 for the First Time 15 minutes ago The Grand Tour Will Use Twitter to Gauge its Popularity 20 minutes ago Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 26 minutes ago Tesla Comes to LA Auto Show with Model X and Mobile Design Studio 31 minutes ago The Rock is Sexiest Man Alive: Dwayne Johnson will Run for President in 2020 1 hour ago Back to the Future Like Solar Nanotech-Powered Clothes are Coming 1 hour ago Asus ZenFone AR Google Tango Smartphone to Launch at CES 2017 2 hours ago Have the Flu? It's Likely Because of When You Were Born 2 hours ago Jaguar I-PACE Concept: Jaguar Reveals its First Electric SUV 2 hours ago Bruno Mars Confirms 2017 World Tour for 24K Magic 2 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Black Friday Best Black Friday Deals Today 1 hour ago AAFES Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 2 hours ago Black Friday goes Mobile Online and In Stores 3 hours ago ToysRUs Black Friday 2016 Sale Begins Sunday for Members 3 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Jay Leno Drives Ferrari F40 for the First Time 15 minutes ago The Grand Tour Will Use Twitter to Gauge its Popularity 20 minutes ago Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 26 minutes ago Tesla Comes to LA Auto Show with Model X and Mobile Design Studio 31 minutes ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Opinion Life Travel Obituaries Media Archives Insider USA Today More Home News Sports Opinion Life Travel Obituaries Media Archives Insider USA Today Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1434 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police: Man head-butts pregnant girlfriend in Wal-Mart A New Castle man is accused of head-butting his pregnant girlfriend while shopping at Wal-Mart, then resisting arrest. Post to Facebook Police: Man head-butts pregnant girlfriend in Wal-Mart A New Castle man is accused of head-butting his pregnant girlfriend while shopping at Wal-Mart, then resisting arrest.  Check out this story on thestarpress.com: http://tspne.ws/2ew9aDa {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Police: Man head-butts pregnant girlfriend in Wal-Mart Douglas Walker , dwalker@muncie.gannett.com 7:28 a.m. EDT October 27, 2016 Robert Lawson (Photo: Photo provided) NEW CASTLE, Ind.  – A New Castle man is accused of head-butting his pregnant girlfriend as they shopped in the local Wal-Mart, breaking her nose. After that, 21-year-old Robert R. Lawson allegedly tried to “knee, kick, head-butt and bite” New Castle police officers, who then used an electronic stun device to subdue him. City police were called the Wal-Mart, at 3167 S. Ind. 3, about 3:15 p.m. Sunday, after Lawson allegedly attacked his girlfriend in the grocery section of the store. The 19-year-old woman said she and Lawson began arguing during their shopping trip, and that he got “in her face” before breaking her nose with his head. She was taken by ambulance to Henry County Hospital. The incident took place with the woman’s infant son in her shopping cart. She told police she and Lawson “were dating, and she is pregnant with (his) child.” Lawson, found in the store’s parking lot, said he stumbled while inside the store and accidentally fell into his accuser. A breath test measured the New Castle man’s blood-alcohol content at 0.1611. In Indiana, motorists with a reading of 0.08 or higher are considered intoxicated. Lawson allegedly became “verbally combative” and cursed after he was placed in a police car and officers refused his request for a cigarette. After he began to kick items in the car, officers tried to placed shackles on his ankles, leading to his efforts to bite and kick them, a police report said. While being driven to the Henry County jail, Lawson allegedly struck an officer in the side with an elbow. After arriving at the jail, he continued to struggle with authorities, the report said, and was placed in a “restraint chair.” Investigators said they later viewed a Wal-Mart surveillance video that showed the violence in the grocery section. Henry County Prosecutor Joe Bergacs’ office has charged Lawson with domestic battery resulting in serious bodily injury, battery against a public safety official, resisting law enforcement, disorderly conduct and public intoxication. Henry Circuit Court 2 Judge Kit Crane granted a request by prosecutors that Lawson be held without bond for 15 days. Lawson has been convicted of driving while intoxicated (last August and in March 2015) and contributing to the delinquency of a minor (in July 2014). Contact news reporter Douglas Walker at (765) 213-5851. Follow him on Twitter: @DouglasWalkerSP. THESTARPRESS Portland teen charged with rape THESTARPRESS Family: Ex-boyfriend tried to rip out Indiana woman's tongue THESTARPRESS Muncie man held in fraud investigation 1434 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://tspne.ws/2ew9aDa TOP VIDEOS Renters live with mice, without lights 4:55 Junkyard still polluting 1:40 5 to be raised from grave 2:45 Star Press donates morgue to BSU 1:53 Ex-homeless express thanks 2:47 What Southside Middle School students pray for 1:26 Violations close campground 2:27 'All Lives Matter in Muncie' 1:32 WWII vet receives Purple Heart 72 years later 2:51 Smokers litter brick pavement 0:55 More Stories Vandal damages MLK Freedom Bus in Muncie Nov. 14, 2016, 5:47 p.m. Landlord sorry, stranger delivers check Nov. 14, 2016, 5:39 p.m. Yorktown man held in DWI crash, death threats Nov. 14, 2016, 4:57 p.m. IU Health BMH: 'Get Smart' about antibiotics Nov. 15, 2016, 9:40 a.m.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Shark Bites: As Market Calms Down, Time to Shift Gears DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Walmart's Attack Plan to Steal the Holiday Season from Amazon Is Ridiculously Simple From more bodies in stores to help shoppers checkout to more toy exclusives, Walmart is leaving no stone un-turned in effort to win the holidays. Brian Sozzi Oct 27, 2016 6:56 AM EDT If Wall Street doesn't perceive Walmart ( WMT) as having as great a holiday shopping season as digital foe Amazon ( AMZN) when all is said and done, it won't be for lack of trying by the world's largest retailer. Walmart said Thursday that it will have 400 exclusive toys available this holiday shopping season, roughly in line with last year. The list of toy exclusives will be headlined by a pricey $398 Disney ( DIS) battery powered car for children to ride around in. In electronics, the amount of product exclusives is expected to be up slightly compared to a year ago. The number of price "rollbacks" Walmart will offer during the holidays is forecast to increase by 20% as the discounter continues with its year plus effort to offer lower prices for its economically sensitive consumers. "It will be a a competitive holiday season, if not more competitive," Steve Bratspies, Walmart's U.S. chief merchant told TheStreet in an interview. Meanwhile, Walmart will have about 20 million items for sale online during the holidays, up significantly from 8 million a year ago. Beyond product, Walmart is upping its game in customer service in an attempt to ease some pressure on stressed out holiday shoppers. The company for the first time will have specially marked "holiday helpers" in its stores to guide people to open registers, find products and open closed registers when needed. TheStreet's Brian Sozzi has all the details on Walmart's holiday plans from one of the retailer's stores in Teterboro, NJ. If you liked this article you might like Buffett, Once Bitten, Is No Longer Shy When It Comes to Airlines Even the Oracle of Omaha can change his mind: Warren Buffett's conglomerate has moved back into airline stocks, with stakes in American, United Continental and Delta. Plus, what Cramer thinks. Valerie Young Nov 15, 2016 12:55 PM EST Food Retailers Don't Look Very Tasty Sector faces price deflation and a tough challenge from Wal-Mart. Bob O'Brien Nov 15, 2016 11:24 AM EST Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Buys Stakes in Shares of U.S. Airlines United, Delta, American and Southwest are new holdings for Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. Rhonda Schaffler Nov 15, 2016 9:53 AM EST Target: You Win Some, You Lose Too Many On eve of earnings, successes overshadowed by losing ground to Walmart. Brian Sozzi Nov 15, 2016 8:47 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Jim Cramer on the Dow Jones Industrial Average's Surge With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Here's Why Some UPS Workers May Be Going on Strike as Holiday Shopping Season Begins 6 Stocks to Buy When Donald Trump Is President Icahn Alters Energy Bets by Exiting Chesapeake and Transocean Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Wal-Mart announces 'holiday helpers' customer service push at N.J. store Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press on October 27, 2016 at 6:45 AM, updated October 27, 2016 at 8:43 AM comments TETERBORO - Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a shopper, left, walks with a store associate in the toy section at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) The world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. "We want to serve the customer as they want to be served," Wal-Mart's Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. The ways in which Target and Wal-Mart are each trying to be more like the other underscore how traditional retailers have to raise their game in every aspect as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. Now, they have to be good at everything. Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, but it's especially critical for the holiday season. It's adding additional staff to handle the pickup of online orders at the stores, and for the first time, it's designating a manager for that area for the holiday season. Contaminated site turned shopping center changing tiny N.J. town It also is dramatically adding more items that will be available for pickup. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer also plans to have 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, in departments from toys to food. That's up from last year. And Santas who used to remain stationary in one area of the store will roam around for more customer interaction. It expects about 23,000 appearances across its stores throughout the season. Target, meanwhile, said Tuesday that about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year's promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. Heading into the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. The company has been benefiting from changes like cleaning up its stores and being sharper on prices. Wal-Mart's move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has also helped improve service. Target, though, had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. It blamed several factors, such as focusing too much on marketing its stylish merchandise and not enough on bringing in customers looking for deals on basics. Both retailers are slated to report third-quarter results next month. "Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season it should be a boon," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle." Target's move to emphasize value actually comes as Wal-Mart itself has made prices a renewed focus. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores, said that just like last year, the company will focus on rollbacks that last 90 days, pulling away from shorter-term promotions. A Roku 32-inch HDTV TV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season long this year. Target knows it's facing a challenge. "Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop," said Rick Gomez, Target's senior vice president of marketing. Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Walmart and Target Blitz Amazon with Dizzying Number of Holiday Exclusives The Street 10/27/2016 Brian Sozzi © TheStreet Walmart and Target Blitz Amazon with Dizzying Number of Holiday Exclusives Bricks and mortar store kings Target and Walmart have found a clever way to better compete with the likes of digital foe Amazon in several important categories this holiday season: unleash the power of the product exclusive. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 70.79 +0.30 +0.42% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 738.88 +19.81 +2.75% Walt Disney Co DIS ▼ 97.61 -0.32 -0.32% Minneapolis-based Target will have have 1,800 new and exclusive toys this holiday season alone, Target executives said at an event on Tuesday attended by TheStreet. "Toys are a real big part of the show. We have to win in this category. So we will have a record-setting number of toy exclusives this holiday season," said Target Chairman and CEO Brian Cornell. Target estimates that it gets about 50% of its annual toy sales during the fourth-quarter holiday shopping season alone, so stuffing shelves with products unavailable at competing retailers and online is critical to winning the battle for customers. The company has also increased the number of product exclusives in categories such as food and electronics, which were also showcased at the event. The world's largest retailer Walmart has brought its A-game with product exclusives for holiday shoppers, too. Walmart said Thursday that it will have 400 new and exclusive toys available this holiday shopping season, about in line to last year. The list of toy exclusives will be headlined by a pricey $398 Disney battery powered car for children to ride around in. In electronics, the amount of product exclusives is seen up slightly compared to a year ago. "[Product exclusives] gives us a way to compete with online," Steve Bratspies, Walmart's U.S. chief merchant told TheStreet in an interview. Here are the various product exclusives of interest that will be on the shelves at Walmart and Target starting real soon. Target Bets Big On Dolls Target is doubling the number of dolls it offers this holiday season, with a particular emphasis on selling more ethnically diverse dolls with more skin tones, eye colors and so on that can't be found elsewhere.© Provided by Thestreet.com That exclusive brown horse would be a great friend for any doll. Walmart's Massive Disney Car Say hello to Walmart's exclusive battery powered Disney Princess Carriage Ride-On car (in bright pink on right). Priced at $398, Walmart says it took over a year of working with the supplier to get it to market. The retailer is already seeing strong demand for the car despite its lofty sticker price, says Bratspies. © Provided by Thestreet.com The pink car is much bigger than it looks. Target's Superhero Toys With all the hype around the release of Star Wars: Rogue One in theaters in December, Target is once again betting big on the popular franchise with numerous exclusives. And yes, that is an exclusive Wonder Woman toy set in the bottom right-hand corner. A new Wonder Woman movie is scheduled for release in June 2017.© Provided by Thestreet.com Spotted: Star Wars drone. Walmart's Virtual Reality Drone We have no idea how this thing works, but it's a drone that comes with a pair of virtual reality goggles and is priced at a very reasonable $148. Sounds like a potential win for Walmart.© Provided by Thestreet.com Yes, please. Target's Retro Board Games Target is going after families who want to stay home to play board games -- notably retro games -- a trend that has fueled the results for Hasbro this year. Below, Target shows off an exclusive board game based on 1980s computer classic Oregon Trail.© Provided by Thestreet.com What Millennial didn't play any of these board games while a kid? Everyone Wants to Sell Food For Your Holiday Table Walmart will have numerous holiday food exclusives, none more popular than its Patti Labelle cakes. It will also feature new private label cheeses and breads, which are technically product exclusives. © Provided by Thestreet.com Walmart employee shows off exclusive holiday cake. Food is also getting attention at Target. From an exclusive bag of Hershey's chocolate, using Target's red and white colors, to holiday themed coffee cups, the retailer has it covered for the dinner table.© Provided by Thestreet.com Here comes a food review of these Hershey's Kisses. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Street S&P 500 Climbs as Crude Oil Energizes Energy Sector The Street 5 Stocks That Could Be Squeezed Much Higher The Street European Markets Close Higher as Econ Data Highlight Divergence in U.S. Fortune The Street Buffett, Once Bitten, Is No Longer Shy When It Comes to Airlines The Street The Street View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 56° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 56° F Lo: 45° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines West Seneca supervisor receiving raise Updated: 3 mins ago Meegan was granted a 15% raise when the town board voted on the 2017 budget Monday night Local Rep. Collins to serve as Congressional Liaison for Presidential transition Updated: 6 mins ago House Speaker Paul Ryan announced that Rep. Chris Collins (R) will fill the liaison role as the U.S. Government transitions from the adminis… NYC man caught after upstate chase ends in 5-vehicle crash Updated: 8 mins ago Rediscovered Kahlo painting is going to auction in NY Updated: 8 mins ago 2 South African whites charged for forcing a black in coffin Updated: 8 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 56° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 56° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 44% Dewpoint: 34° F Sunrise: 7:07 AM Sunset: 4:51 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border 7:50 am Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Morning hoops: Winthrop defeats Manhattan 94-81 Updated: 7 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Joshua Davenport and Keon Johnson scored 22 points each Tuesday morning to lead Winthrop to a 94-81 victory over a Manhattan… Basketball player sues NCAA, Northwestern over transfer Updated: 7 mins ago CHICAGO (AP) — A Northwestern University basketball player is suing the school and the NCAA in federal court, claiming the association’s tra… Breakfast & Basketball: Hartford tops Niagara 82-78 in OT Updated: 7 mins ago Hawaii edges Florida Atlantic 64-63 in Rainbow Classic Updated: 27 mins ago Pacific tops Green Bay 76-58 in wee hours of morning Updated: 27 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 56° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 56° F Lo: 45° F Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, The Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 12:10 am Updated: October 27, 2016, 11:40 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TETERBORO, N.J. (AP) — Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. The world’s largest retailer plans to deploy “holiday helpers” stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. The ways in which Target and Wal-Mart are each trying to be more like the other underscore how traditional retailers have to raise their game in every aspect as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. Now, they have to be good at everything. Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, but it’s especially critical for the holiday season. It’s adding additional staff to handle the pickup of online orders at the stores, and for the first time, it’s designating a manager for that area for the holiday season. It also is dramatically adding more items that will be available for pickup. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer also plans to have 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, in departments from toys to food. That’s up from last year. And Santas who used to remain stationary in one area of the store will roam around for more customer interaction. It expects about 23,000 appearances across its stores throughout the season. “We want to serve the customer as they want to be served,” Wal-Mart’s Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. Target, meanwhile, said Tuesday that about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year’s promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. Heading into the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. The company has been benefiting from changes like cleaning up its stores and being sharper on prices. Wal-Mart’s move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has also helped improve service. Target, though, had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. It blamed several factors, such as focusing too much on marketing its stylish merchandise and not enough on bringing in customers looking for deals on basics. Both retailers are slated to report third-quarter results next month. “Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season it should be a boon,” said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. “I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle.” Target’s move to emphasize value actually comes as Wal-Mart itself has made prices a renewed focus. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart’s U.S. stores, said that just like last year, the company will focus on rollbacks that last 90 days, pulling away from shorter-term promotions. A Roku 32-inch HDTV TV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season long this year. Target knows it’s facing a challenge. “Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop,” said Rick Gomez, Target’s senior vice president of marketing. ____ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Agents in the air help protect the border 7:50 am Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscription Services Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Business Directory Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Auto Homes Sales & Specials 46° Overcast Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscription Services Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Business Directory Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Auto Cars SUVs Vans Trucks RVs & Campers ATVs Boats Snowmobiles Advertise Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Home Business 46° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Clearing skies late. Tonight Cloudy early with some clearing expected late. Low 36F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 6:54 pm Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 Close 1 of 6 Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Tiffany Davis, left, and Choisette Hargon, both of Paterson, N.J., shop for toys ahead of Christmas at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a man playing the role of Santa Claus, center, and Karyn Ochiuzzo, right, of Wood-Ridge, N.J., pose for a photo taken by Bill Ochiuzzo at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a shopper, left, walks with a store associate in the toy section at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Wal-Mart U.S., talks about the company's holiday offers during a news conference at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Choisette Hargon, of Paterson, N.J., shops for toys ahead of Christmas at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) AP Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer Oct 26, 2016 (…) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Tiffany Davis, left, and Choisette Hargon, both of Paterson, N.J., shop for toys ahead of Christmas at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a man playing the role of Santa Claus, center, and Karyn Ochiuzzo, right, of Wood-Ridge, N.J., pose for a photo taken by Bill Ochiuzzo at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a shopper, left, walks with a store associate in the toy section at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Wal-Mart U.S., talks about the company's holiday offers during a news conference at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Choisette Hargon, of Paterson, N.J., shops for toys ahead of Christmas at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) TETERBORO, N.J. (AP) — Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. The world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. The ways in which Target and Wal-Mart are each trying to be more like the other underscore how traditional retailers have to raise their game in every aspect as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. Now, they have to be good at everything. Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, but it's especially critical for the holiday season. It's adding additional staff to handle the pickup of online orders at the stores, and for the first time, it's designating a manager for that area for the holiday season. It also is dramatically adding more items that will be available for pickup. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer also plans to have 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, in departments from toys to food. That's up from last year. And Santas who used to remain stationary in one area of the store will roam around for more customer interaction. It expects about 23,000 appearances across its stores throughout the season. "We want to serve the customer as they want to be served," Wal-Mart's Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. Target, meanwhile, said Tuesday that about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year's promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. Heading into the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. The company has been benefiting from changes like cleaning up its stores and being sharper on prices. Wal-Mart's move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has also helped improve service. Target, though, had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. It blamed several factors, such as focusing too much on marketing its stylish merchandise and not enough on bringing in customers looking for deals on basics. Both retailers are slated to report third-quarter results next month. "Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season it should be a boon," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle." Target's move to emphasize value actually comes as Wal-Mart itself has made prices a renewed focus. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores, said that just like last year, the company will focus on rollbacks that last 90 days, pulling away from shorter-term promotions. A Roku 32-inch HDTV TV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season long this year. Target knows it's facing a challenge. "Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop," said Rick Gomez, Target's senior vice president of marketing. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles Tags Business General News Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Financial Performance Corporate News Locations New Jersey United States North America More Headlines Entrepreneur: 'Patient success stories inspire me,' chiropractor says Minnesota-based manufacturer grows from humble beginnings How to choose the right amount for your FSA in 2017 Figuring out car’s high-tech dashboard no easy task Multimedia Editorial cartoons week of Nov. 14 Photos: The Reading Center Bright Stars Event Photos: Rochester Feed & Country Store's Paws with Santa Claus event Photos: Gasshuku at Eagle Bluff top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Stocks News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Blogs Weather RochesterMN AgriNews Services About Us Contact Us Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Ex-French Pres. Sarkozy Campaigns for Conservative Party Nomination Police Deployed in Athens as Demonstrators Protest Ex-Police Officer's Murder Trial in Charleston, SC Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #BarackObama Simela Pantzartzi/Pool Photo via EPA Obama Says He Knew Americans Were Angry Before Election 2h ago Obama: World Leaders Must Heed People's Economic Fears Obama Says Trump Told Him He Would Support NATO, After Threats to Abandon It Top Stories My Stories Official on Leave After Racist Michelle Obama Post US Must Respect Climate Deal: Holland House Democrats Delay Leadership Elections Top Russian Minister Accused of Taking $2M Bribe Russia Launches Offensive in Syria Murder Suspect Who Escaped Via Open Door Caught 5 Utah Students Stabbed at High School, Teen in Custody US Forces May Have Committed War Crimes: ICC 2 More Churches Vandalized With Trump, Racist Graffiti Trump Team Denies Security Clearances Sought for Kids #ClimateChange Mandel Ngan/Getty Images Trump Will Change Views on Climate Change: UN Secretary General 1h ago Protester Tackled During Anti-Trump Demonstration Dramatic Scenes as Thousands March in Protest Against Donald Trump #DonaldTrump ABC News Covering Trump 'Was a Test of Me,' Megyn Kelly Says Nov 15 Megyn Kelly 'Wrestled' With Whether to Come Forward About Roger Ailes Play ABCNews.com Remembering PBS Journalist Gwen Ifill Nov 15 President Obama Remembers Gwen Ifill as 'Extraordinary Journalist' #DonaldTrump Play ABCNews.com Police Practices: What Will Trump Do? Nov 9 Gun Control: What Will Trump Do? Cybersecurity: What Will Trump Do? Politics Mayors of Sanctuary Cities Say They'll Fight Trump's Plans #DonaldTrump 5 Takeaways From Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Interview #DonaldTrump GOP Lawmakers Struggle to Respond as Democrats Denounce Bannon Hire #DonaldTrump Trump Tells Putin He Wants 'Strong' Relationship With Russia #DonaldTrump Trump Starting to Sound Like Obama on Immigration #DonaldTrump Could Trump Really Dismantle the Iran Nuke Deal? #DemocraticParty Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison Announces Bid for DNC Chair #DonaldTrump Is Trump's Tough Plan on Immigration Cracking? #DonaldTrump Trump Chief of Staff Defends Steve Bannon as a 'Very, Very Smart Person' #DonaldTrump ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency #DonaldTrump Oprah Winfrey Explains Positive Donald Trump, Obama Tweet Lawyers File Motion to Delay Trump University Trial #DonaldTrump Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser #DonaldTrump Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' #Elections Van Jones, Mary Matalin Get into Heated Exchange Over Race in 2016 Election #DemocraticParty Rep. Keith Ellison to Announce 'Real Soon' if He'll Run for DNC Chair More News School Bus Driver Scolded for Favoring Trump Supporters NYPD Boosts Security for Thanksgiving Parade 8 Charged With Forming Far-Right Terrorist Group US, Philippine Special Forces Set to Hold Joint Drills UK Approves the Extradition of an Alleged Hacker to US. Asia Arms Race Warning if Trump Withdraws Forces Benjamin Franklin's Gravestone Develops Crack Chili's Removes Manager Who Took Away Vet's Meal Lawyer Blames Nonexistent Man for Crash Google Also Gets Fooled by Fake Election News #DakotaAccessPipeline The Associated Press Pipeline Company Seeks Court Permission to Proceed With Plan 6m ago 'We're Not Going Anywhere': Millennials March Against Trump #Earthquakes The Associated Press US Warship Diverts to Help New Zealand Quake Evacuation Nov 15 Donald Trump's Road to the White House #BarackObama President Obama Weighs In on Donald Trump's Presidency #Elections ANALYSIS: Donald Trump Shakes Nation With Challenge to Its Foundation #DonaldTrump Looking Ahead to a Donald Trump Presidency #Elections Memorable Moments From the 1st Presidential Debate #DonaldTrump Donald Trump's Key Moments #DonaldTrump Donald Trump on Election Day: From Voting to Winning #DonaldTrump How Donald Trump Won the White House #Elections Donald Trump's 2016 Election Night Victory Speech #DonaldTrump Donald Trump Sends His First Tweet as President-Elect Most Memorable Lines of the 2nd Presidential Debate #Elections Most Memorable Lines of the 3rd Presidential Debate #DonaldTrump Donald Trump In A Minute #Wildfires David Goldman/AP Photo Wildfires Scorch, Smother Southeastern States Nov 15 Elaine Thompson/AP Photo Dramatic Scenes as Thousands March in Protest Against Donald Trump Nov 15 More News Will Anti-Trump Marches Become a Movement? Autopsy Shows Keith Lamont Scott Was Shot in Back Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death Woman Arrested in Death of Twin in Cliff Crash Judge Orders 'Making a Murderer' Subject's Release Judge to Sentence Men in Islamic State Case SEC Chair Leaving at End of Obama Administration Manufacturing in New York Picks Up Slightly Michigan Gets OK to Spend $119M on Lead Abatement 18 Passengers File Lawsuit Related to Burning Aircraft #DonaldTrump Julie Jacobson/AP Photo Refuse to Hide: Muslim Americans on Trump's Election, Hate Crimes Nov 15 Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes Up 67 Percent, FBI Says Editor: Breitbart Plans to Be 'Best Place for News on Trump' #Thanksgiving ABC 10 KXTV Turkey Rescued From Becoming Thanksgiving Dinner Is Now a Pet 45m ago 'Miracle on the Hudson' Survivor Gives Back to Families on Thanksgiving Emeril Lagasse's Thanksgiving Pie Recipes Amy Graves/Getty Images Jessica Simpson's Father Joe Diagnosed With Prostate Cancer 3h ago M. Phillips/Getty Images for The Lippin Group Steve Harvey Pays Tribute to Late Bernie Mac 2h ago #DWTS Eric McCandless/ABC 'DWTS' Laurie Hernandez Talks Grandmother's Death 2h ago Terra Jolé on 'DWTS' Elimination: 'It Was a Great Night' Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson was named People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive on their Nov. 28, 2016 issue.z Dwayne Johnson Named People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Nov 15 Now You Can Visit the Rolling Stones' 1962 Apartment Teresa Giudice Explains Why She Hates to Talk About Husband's Possible Deportation Ray Mickshaw/FX 2016 Critics' Choice Awards: 'People v. OJ Simpson' Leads Nominations Nov 14 Play ABCNews.com Koala Makes Taxing Trip to Accountant's Office The koala raised eyebrows and drew laughs after strolling into an accounting office in Australia. Up Next: Play Cows Stranded by New Zealand Quake Rescued NBCU Photo Bank/Getty Images Review: A Tribe Called Quest's New Album Is 'Game-Changing Record for the Ages' Nov 15 Trisha Yearwood Hopes New Duet Album With Garth Brooks Is 1st of Many Mario Anzuoni/Reuters Kelsey Grammer Welcomes His 7th Child 40m ago 'Beverly Hills, 90210' Cast Pays Tribute to Shannen Doherty Lady Gaga on Taking Time Off Before New Album 'Joanne' Vivien Killilea/Getty Images Adrienne Bailon Marries Singer Israel Houghton Nov 12 In Case You Missed It Celebrating Friendsgiving, a Thanksgiving Party for Friends Trash Man Finds Treasure With a Toddler Fan #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Statistics Professor Wins $100K Lottery #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Singing Cashier Gets Surprise Message From Maxwell Inviting Him Onstage Dog Owners Join Walnut the Dog in Final Walk on the Beach 'Mrs. Doubtfire' House Sold for $4.15 Million Meet the Woman on the Verge of Visiting Every Nation in the World #VeteransDay Navy Family Celebrates Veterans Day Weekend With Inspiring Photo Twins' Daylight Saving Time Birth Results in Bizarre Age Twist #VeteransDay Army Helicopter Becomes Art But Also Heals Veterans #Disney Disney 14 Things to Know About Disney's 'Moana' Before You See It Nov 14 'Beauty and the Beast' Trailer Premieres Play ABCNews.com Final 5 Nominees for AMA Artist of the Year Revealed Nov 15 Beastie Boys' 'Licensed to Ill' Turns 30 Goldie Hawn Speaks Her Mind at a Conference Jason Reed/Reuters Behold, the Supermoon in Photos 1h ago Joey McIntyre Takes His Kids to an Art Event Kelly Ripa Shares a Selfie With Her Family Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 77° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Candlelight vigil draws dozens to seek ways to raise awareness Posted: November 15, 2016 - 2:00 am LIHUE — Jasmine Duque wasn’t always homeless. Comments (0) Clayton Kona, Koma Texeira charged in Togioka death Posted: November 15, 2016 - 1:45 am LIHUE — A trial date of March 20 has been set for co-defendants in the homicide of a Kekaha man. Comments (0) Recent Operation Christmas Child enters final week of drive North Shore Shuttle pau USFWS installs bat detection system at Kilauea Point Kauai woman protests presidential election result Explore the joy of collecting Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest One win away from Florida Posted: November 15, 2016 - 1:00 am LIHUE — Kylie Linoz, the Pop Warner Hanapepe Colts Junior Varsity coach, said when they saw the Westside Eagles, the sight reminded him of the Waimea and Kailua high schools’ game, Sunday at the Kealakehe High School field in Kona. Comments (0) Recent Sharks come to play Hilo tops Waimea Runners post fast times in 14th annual Old Koloa Sugar Mill Run No. 1 Kapaa defeats ILH’s Damien Memorial in semifinals for Division II state title game berth Triple Crown opens with solid conditions for Hawaiian Pro Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Talk Story: Caroline Freudig Posted: November 13, 2016 - 1:15 am Caroline Freudig intended to be a substitute teacher on Kauai when she and her husband moved here from New York with their two young children in 2005. She didn’t plan to work full time because she wanted to make the transition for her kids as seamless as possible. Comments (0) The most successful losers are the real winners Posted: November 13, 2016 - 12:15 am At this time of year, as the holidays start it is increasingly difficult to maintain healthy dietary and fitness goals. The office parties and the trays of goodies keep showing up and sometimes wear down even the most dedicated dieter. So what are the common characteristics of those who stay steady with their fitness and health goals and maybe even advance their overall fitness level even through the holidays? Comments (0) Recent Ki-ja faces trouble, Ji-gun rescues Hae-ryung A new spirit Samuel Kaeo’s legislative requests for 1898 Didn’t get your way? First, be still Pause to pray Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Film fest spotlights Kauai native Stephanie J. Castillo Posted: November 11, 2016 - 1:15 am LIHUE — The island that is featured in films shown around the world will have its chance to showcase filmmakers of its own. Comments (0) The Waipa Way: Eat the Invasives Posted: November 11, 2016 - 1:00 am WAIPA — Foraged fruits and freshly-caught fish were on the menu at the Waipa Foundation’s latest debut dinner series, which puts the spotlight on the more nefarious parts of nature. Comments (0) Recent Veterans are our heroes Take comfort with ‘The Far Side’ Island Calendar for Nov. 11, 2016 TGIFr!day for November 11, 2016 Class in session Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value Story Comments Image (5) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Julio Cortez Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Tiffany Davis, left, and Choisette Hargon, both of Paterson, N.J., shop for toys ahead of Christmas at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a man playing the role of Santa Claus, center, and Karyn Ochiuzzo, right, of Wood-Ridge, N.J., pose for a photo taken by Bill Ochiuzzo at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a shopper, left, walks with a store associate in the toy section at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Julio Cortez Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Wal-Mart U.S., talks about the company's holiday offers during a news conference at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 6:06 pm | Updated: 8:40 am, Sun Nov 13, 2016. Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value Associated Press | 0 comments TETERBORO, N.J. (AP) — Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. The world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. The ways in which Target and Wal-Mart are each trying to be more like the other underscore how traditional retailers have to raise their game in every aspect as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. Now, they have to be good at everything. Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, but it's especially critical for the holiday season. It's adding additional staff to handle the pickup of online orders at the stores, and for the first time, it's designating a manager for that area for the holiday season. It also is dramatically adding more items that will be available for pickup. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer also plans to have 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, in departments from toys to food. That's up from last year. And Santas who used to remain stationary in one area of the store will roam around for more customer interaction. It expects about 23,000 appearances across its stores throughout the season. "We want to serve the customer as they want to be served," Wal-Mart's Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. Target, meanwhile, said Tuesday that about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year's promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. Heading into the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. The company has been benefiting from changes like cleaning up its stores and being sharper on prices. Wal-Mart's move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has also helped improve service. Target, though, had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. It blamed several factors, such as focusing too much on marketing its stylish merchandise and not enough on bringing in customers looking for deals on basics. Both retailers are slated to report third-quarter results next month. "Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season it should be a boon," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle." Target's move to emphasize value actually comes as Wal-Mart itself has made prices a renewed focus. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores, said that just like last year, the company will focus on rollbacks that last 90 days, pulling away from shorter-term promotions. A Roku 32-inch HDTV TV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season long this year. Target knows it's facing a challenge. "Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop," said Rick Gomez, Target's senior vice president of marketing. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher ARTICLE: Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher ARTICLE: Kuwait to supply Egypt with 2 million barrels of oil a month The Latest: Obama hails chance for end to Cyprus dispute The Latest: Obama hails chance for end to Cyprus dispute More about General News ARTICLE: Woman party boss, rare in Arab world, cracks glass ceiling Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher ARTICLE: Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher ARTICLE: Guam prepares events to welcome possible next archbishop ARTICLE: Extras needed for Chucky Mullins movie filming in Jackson More about Consumer Services Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher ARTICLE: Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher Home Depot raises outlook as Americans spend on homes ARTICLE: Home Depot raises outlook as Americans spend on homes Giving chains: Holiday customers enjoy paying it forward Discuss Print   Posted in National on Wednesday, October 26, 2016 6:06 pm. Updated: 8:40 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Financial Performance, Corporate News | Location Tags: New Jersey, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Drug Court graduates record 14 Kawakami, Brun elected to council Risking liberty, life and limb for the perfect picture Murder suspects are arraigned ‘Shark Tank’ survivor says he’s stronger All Trumped up (83) Assault suspect allowed to leave the island (20) ‘We want our country back’ (42) Suddenly taken away (13) Robbery suspect captured (11) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Politics News Videos Election results MLK in Memphis Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 FOX13 Family Back to School 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Violence in Memphis Jessica Chambers Missing Children 7250151 Sports Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value by: ANNE D\'INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer Updated: Oct 26, 2016 - 11:06 PM Twtter TETERBORO, N.J. (AP) - Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. The world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. The ways in which Target and Wal-Mart are each trying to be more like the other underscore how traditional retailers have to raise their game in every aspect as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. Now, they have to be good at everything. Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, but it's especially critical for the holiday season. It's adding additional staff to handle the pickup of online orders at the stores, and for the first time, it's designating a manager for that area for the holiday season. It also is dramatically adding more items that will be available for pickup. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer also plans to have 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, in departments from toys to food. That's up from last year. And Santas who used to remain stationary in one area of the store will roam around for more customer interaction. It expects about 23,000 appearances across its stores throughout the season. "We want to serve the customer as they want to be served," Wal-Mart's Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. Target, meanwhile, said Tuesday that about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year's promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. Heading into the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. The company has been benefiting from changes like cleaning up its stores and being sharper on prices. Wal-Mart's move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has also helped improve service. Target, though, had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. It blamed several factors, such as focusing too much on marketing its stylish merchandise and not enough on bringing in customers looking for deals on basics. Both retailers are slated to report third-quarter results next month. "Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season it should be a boon," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle." Target's move to emphasize value actually comes as Wal-Mart itself has made prices a renewed focus. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores, said that just like last year, the company will focus on rollbacks that last 90 days, pulling away from shorter-term promotions. A Roku 32-inch HDTV TV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season long this year. Target knows it's facing a challenge. "Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop," said Rick Gomez, Target's senior vice president of marketing. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value Pipeline company seeks court permission to proceed with plan Jury again sees video in black motorist's death Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints Rediscovered Kahlo painting is going to auction in NY News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Memphis Coupons About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 EEOC Statement FOX13 Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Election Headquarters Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Photo Galleries Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Vehicle Recalls Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Coat Drive Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Susan G. Komen Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Waterfront Blues Festival Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Play It Safe Community Calendar KOIN 6 Shred It Day More Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram Survivor Casting Call About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contests KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN Media KOIN 6 Internships 56° F Broken Clouds Hi: 56° F Lo: 44° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Election Headquarters Featured: KOIN 6 Blitz Where We Live Latest Headlines Lynden man accused of sending threatening texts to candidate Updated: 3 mins ago BELLINGHAM, Wash. (AP) — A 33-year-old Lynden man has been accused of sending racially-charged death threats to a Democrat running for the W… Benjamin Franklin’s gravestone develops crack from pennies Updated: 3 mins ago PHILADELPHIA (AP) — A fundraising campaign has been launched to save the damaged gravestone of Benjamin Franklin at the Christ Church Burial… US judge orders FBI, CIA to disclose Occupy surveillance Updated: 3 mins ago Texas university apologizes for blackface student posting Updated: 3 mins ago Report: Man died seeking place to soak in Yellowstone park Updated: 3 mins ago Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Photo Galleries Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Current Conditions 56° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 56° F Wind: SW 8 Humidity: 69% Dewpoint: 46° F Sunrise: 7:10 AM Sunset: 4:39 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Vehicle Recalls Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Coat Drive Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Susan G. Komen Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Waterfront Blues Festival Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Play It Safe Community Calendar KOIN 6 Shred It Day More Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram Survivor Casting Call About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contests KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN Media KOIN 6 Internships Search for: Search the site 56° F Broken Clouds Hi: 56° F Lo: 44° F Wal-Mart pushes service for holiday; Target stresses value ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, The Associated Press Published: October 26, 2016, 9:12 pm Updated: October 27, 2016, 8:43 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR WALMART -Customers save big at Walmart's Black Friday shopping event on Thursday, Nov. 26, 2015 in Rogers, Ark. Hundreds of customers at Walmart stores across the country took advantage of deals on top items, like televisions, video game consoles, and toys. Easy shopping continues in Walmart stores and on Walmart.com through the holidays. (Photo by Gunnar Rathbun/Invision for Walmart/AP Images) TETERBORO, N.J. (AP) — Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. The world’s largest retailer plans to deploy “holiday helpers” stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item a customer forgot. The ways in which Target and Wal-Mart are each trying to be more like the other underscore how traditional retailers have to raise their game in every aspect as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. Now, they have to be good at everything. Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, but it’s especially critical for the holiday season. It’s adding additional staff to handle the pickup of online orders at the stores, and for the first time, it’s designating a manager for that area for the holiday season. It also is dramatically adding more items that will be available for pickup. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer also plans to have 150,000 product demonstrations across its more than 4,600 U.S. stores, in departments from toys to food. That’s up from last year. And Santas who used to remain stationary in one area of the store will roam around for more customer interaction. It expects about 23,000 appearances across its stores throughout the season. “We want to serve the customer as they want to be served,” Wal-Mart’s Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. Target, meanwhile, said Tuesday that about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year’s promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. Heading into the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. The company has been benefiting from changes like cleaning up its stores and being sharper on prices. Wal-Mart’s move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has also helped improve service. Target, though, had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell, reversing seven straight quarters of gains. It blamed several factors, such as focusing too much on marketing its stylish merchandise and not enough on bringing in customers looking for deals on basics. Both retailers are slated to report third-quarter results next month. “Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service, and for this holiday season it should be a boon,” said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. “I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle.” Target’s move to emphasize value actually comes as Wal-Mart itself has made prices a renewed focus. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart’s U.S. stores, said that just like last year, the company will focus on rollbacks that last 90 days, pulling away from shorter-term promotions. A Roku 32-inch HDTV TV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season long this year. Target knows it’s facing a challenge. “Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop,” said Rick Gomez, Target’s senior vice president of marketing. ____ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Trending Stories on KOIN.com Photo Galleries Photos: Supermoon puts on a show around the world November 14, 2016 The phenomenon known as the supermoon occurs because the moon follows an elliptical orbit around the Earth. This week, the moon is coming cl… Photos: 5th night of anti-Trump Portland protests November 12, 2016 For a 5th straight night, protesters demonstrated in downtown Portland ostensibly to voice their displeasure with President-elect Donald Tru… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Mostly cloudy early, then clearing overnight. Low 44F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell U.S. Business Close 1 of 6 Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a man playing the role of Santa Claus, center, and Karyn Ochiuzzo, right, of Wood-Ridge, N.J., pose for a photo taken by Bill Ochiuzzo at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Mark Lennihan Mark Tritton, executive vice president and chief merchandising officer for Target, discusses some of the holiday products to be offered by the retailer, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. Target is heading into the critical holiday season a little bruised after it saw customer traffic and a key revenue measure fall in the second quarter after a string of quarterly gains. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Tiffany Davis, left, and Choisette Hargon, both of Paterson, N.J., shop for toys ahead of Christmas at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Mark Lennihan Star Wars figures are displayed at a Target media preview, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. From a Broadway-style marketing campaign to an expanded array of exclusive merchandise, Target is hoping to lure shoppers to their stores and online during the final critical months of the year. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Mark Lennihan Garth Brooks CDs are displayed at a Target media preview, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. The 10-disc box set from the country pop singer includes the artist's new album and features the 25th anniversary edition of "Friends in Low Places." (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) AP Wal-Mart, Target each take cue from the other for holidays By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer Oct 27, 2016 (…) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a man playing the role of Santa Claus, center, and Karyn Ochiuzzo, right, of Wood-Ridge, N.J., pose for a photo taken by Bill Ochiuzzo at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Mark Lennihan Mark Tritton, executive vice president and chief merchandising officer for Target, discusses some of the holiday products to be offered by the retailer, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. Target is heading into the critical holiday season a little bruised after it saw customer traffic and a key revenue measure fall in the second quarter after a string of quarterly gains. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Tiffany Davis, left, and Choisette Hargon, both of Paterson, N.J., shop for toys ahead of Christmas at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Mark Lennihan Star Wars figures are displayed at a Target media preview, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. From a Broadway-style marketing campaign to an expanded array of exclusive merchandise, Target is hoping to lure shoppers to their stores and online during the final critical months of the year. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Julio Cortez In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Mark Lennihan Garth Brooks CDs are displayed at a Target media preview, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. The 10-disc box set from the country pop singer includes the artist's new album and features the 25th anniversary edition of "Friends in Low Places." (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart and Target are each taking a cue from the other this holiday season. After years of emphasizing low prices, Wal-Mart wants to up the ante, but it also wants to be known for top customer service. Target, which has a better image in that regard, has stressed a focus on offering deals. The shift underscores how traditional retailers have to perfect every aspect of their operations as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. With online leader Amazon.com cementing customers with its juggernaut Amazon Prime shipping service, retailers like Target and Wal-Mart need to offer more exclusive merchandise. Heading into the critical holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. Target had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell. "Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service and for this holiday season, it should be a boon," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle." ON SERVICE: Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, and its move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has helped. For the end of the year, the world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item someone forgot. It's adding staff to handle customers picking up online orders at the stores, and designating a manager for that area. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. "We want to serve the customer as they want to be served," Wal-Mart's Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. For service, Target is also focusing on making online ordering and pickups easier. Starting Nov. 1, it'll have 1,106 stores that will ship directly to online shoppers, double the current number. That should speed up delivery, and Target will be able to fulfill more orders. Online shoppers also can pick up their orders at all of Target's stores. ON PRICE: Wal-Mart promises to be even more aggressive on prices as part of an investment of several billion dollars over the next few years. It similarly plans to offer more consistent pricing, instead of shorter-term deals. For example, a Roku 32-inch HDTV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season this year. Skinny jeans that sold last year for around $9 are now $7.88. Target, which has acknowledged that it failed to deliver on the second part of its "Expect More, Pay Less" slogan, say about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year's promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. "Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop," said Rick Gomez, Target's senior vice president of marketing. Target is also extending its free shipping promotion by a week, waiving the shipping fee for all digital orders from earlier this week to Jan. 1. Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Wal-Mart doesn't plan to waive the $50 minimum for free shipping, but noted that online shoppers who spend less than that can opt for store pickup. ON MERCHANDISE: Both Target and Wal-Mart are offering even more exclusive products. Wal-Mart is offering 400 exclusive toy items including what is already a hit — a Disney Princess Carriage priced at $398. It's also adding thousands more items that will be available for store pickup. Target is offering 1,800 new or exclusive toys, about 15 percent more than last year. Another exclusive is a 10-disc box set from Garth Brooks, which includes his new album and the 25th anniversary edition of "Friends in Low Places." The set will be in Target stores Nov. 11, two weeks before the new album is available elsewhere. Wal-Mart is also planning more product demonstrations, in departments from toys to food. And Santas who used to remain stationary will roam the stores for more customer interaction and selfies. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business General News Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Financial Performance Corporate News Transportation And Shipping Online Shopping Industrial Products And Services Shopping Lifestyle Locations New Jersey United States North America View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Lord & Taylor closing downtown St. Louis office, laying off 77 IT employees Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Panera closes St. Louis Bread Co. on South Grand GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Golden years redefined as older Americans work Divorce hits retirees hard, especially women A decade from retirement? Behind in planning? Five things you can do now to get ready. When did retirement become a dirty word? Older jobseekers find ageism is everywhere Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Holiday Central Wal-Mart stocks up on ugly Christmas sweaters Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Thursday, 27 Oct 2016 | 12:01 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Wal-Mart to offer more ugly Christmas sweaters this holiday</p> <p>The retailer outlines its holiday merchandising strategy of boosting certain novelty items by 40-percent this year.</p> Wal-Mart to offer more ugly Christmas sweaters this holiday    Thursday, 27 Oct 2016 | 9:17 AM ET | 00:38 Weighed down by the election and other stresses, Americans are ready to let loose this holiday — and Wal-Mart thinks that sending cats into space just might do the trick. Following three solid years of sales for tacky Christmas sweaters, the world's largest retailer this season increased its selection of holiday and novelty items by 40 percent. That includes a more robust offering in ugly sweaters, featuring out-of-this-world felines and a DJ Santa spinning records. "Customers just can't get enough of it, and the tackier the better," said Deanah Baker, a senior vice president who oversees Wal-Mart's apparel. "The more you can put on it the better it sells." Wal-Mart shared details on its holiday merchandising strategy at an event in its Teterboro, New Jersey, store on Wednesday. Along with a focus on novelty items, the big-box retailer will be offering more exclusive items than it ever has, including a $398 Disney Princess carriage. Despite a tough environment for clothing, which is being bogged down by deflation and disinterested consumers, Wal-Mart cited strength in its apparel business during the first half of the year. And while Baker doesn't predict the category will get any easier over the holidays, "we continue to get better," she said, speaking about the quality of Wal-Mart's product. Wal-Mart isn't the only retailer ramping up its selection of unsightly yuletide gear. Target on Tuesday said that it had bought enough matching holiday pajama sets to dress half a million families. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Holiday Central Wal-Mart is bringing in selfie booths and toy demonstrations to liven up its store this Christmas Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Thursday, 27 Oct 2016 | 12:01 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Source: Brian Ach / Associated Press for Walmart Wal-Mart is rolling out selfie booths to its massive fleet of stores this holiday. Wal-Mart is putting its stores center stage this holiday. In an effort to make its supercenters easier and more festive to shop, the world's largest retailer is calling on designated "holiday helpers," a better-staffed in-store pickup desk, and two times the number of product demonstrations. There also will be more exclusive merchandise than it ever has had, and it's keeping its distance from one-off promotions in favor of 90-day rollbacks. Wal-Mart outlined these holiday strategies from its Teterboro, New Jersey, store on Wednesday, following eight straight quarters of comparable sales gains for its U.S. division. But while the mass merchant is entering the season with some wind at its back, the overall retail industry is grappling with an ongoing shift toward online shopping, which is seen continuing throughout the critical fourth quarter. "We want to make it as easy as possible for them no matter how they want to shop," said Judith McKenna, Wal-Mart's chief operating officer. To do that, Wal-Mart has added designated "holiday helpers" to direct shoppers to the shortest checkout lines, open additional registers during busy hours and run back to fetch forgotten items. The number of helpers will vary by store volume and time of week, with extra workers being added on the weekends and in the final days before Christmas. Wal-Mart has not disclosed how many seasonal workers it's hired this year, but said recent investments into its workforce have in some cases allowed it to simply provide additional hours to existing employees. Holiday helpers are part of Wal-Mart's investment to beef up staffing at the front of its stores, McKenna said. The company is also adding extra support for in-store pickup of online orders, including a dedicated manager in every store. It's repainted these services counters a bright orange, to make them easier to locate. Making this service run smoothly will be critical for Wal-Mart this season, as it's added tens of thousands of items for same-day pickup. That could create a bottleneck if orders aren't filled when customers arrive. Added demand for the service will likely come from Wal-Mart's decision to maintain its minimum $50 spending requirement to receive free shipping. The world's largest retailer sat out this promotion last year, despite competitors Target and Best Buy offering it throughout the season. Wal-Mart says that most of its online orders meet the $50 minimum spending requirement, so maintaining that threshold doesn't put it at a disadvantage. Analysts last year credited Target's decision to provide free shipping on all orders as one reason its digital sales rose 34 percent. Wal-Mart's online revenue climbed 8 percent during the same quarter, albeit from a larger base. Target and Best Buy are both repeating their free shipping promotion this holiday. For its part, Wal-Mart has expanded the number of items on its website from roughly 8 million at the beginning of the year, to some 20 million. Its online operations will not yet include any influence from Jet.com, which it acquired in September. Another essential part of Wal-Mart's holiday strategy is ramping up the in-store experience. That means doubling the number of product demonstrations to 150,000, bringing in visits from Santa Claus and setting up new selfie booths. "It just engages people in a different way," Chief Merchandising Officer Steve Bratspies said. "It creates that little bit of extra excitement." Like Target, which at 1,800 is offering the most exclusive toys it ever has, Wal-Mart this year is selling a larger number of items that can't be found anywhere else. That includes 400 toys, such as its $398 motorized Disney Princess Carriage. That item has been so popular that the retailer has already had to order more, Bratspies said. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business How Walmart aims to get you through checkout faster this holiday season The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack October 27 Follow @sarahhalzack A display at Walmart’s holiday strategy presentation at a store in Teterboro, N.J. (Sarah Halzack/The Washington Post) TETERBORO, N.J. — This holiday shopping season, you’ll see plenty of red and green at Walmart. But you’re also going to see a lot of yellow. The big-box chain is investing in specialized teams of store workers known as “holiday helpers,” recognizable by their bright yellow vests, Santa hats and their festive shoulder bags. These staffers are going to be primarily focused on keeping checkout lines moving as efficiently as possible: They might direct you to an available cashier, open up an extra register, or run back into the aisles to get an item you forgot to grab. During a holiday strategy presentation at a Walmart store here, U.S. chief operating officer Judith McKenna said the holiday helper team was devised in response to shopper feedback. “That was actually the number one thing that customers told us,” McKenna said. “Which is, ‘how can you help us get through the checkouts faster?’” The holiday helpers are scheduled start showing up in stores on Nov. 4.  The number of such workers will vary by location, based on the size and sales volume, but each store will ramp up the number of helpers on weekends and other busy days. Walmart’s investment in holiday helpers is evidence that, even in the digital era, retailers are focused on fine-tuning the in-store experience. This is especially essential for a retailer such as Walmart, which still draws the vast majority of its sales from brick-and-mortar stores. The world’s largest retailer did not offer specifics on what its deals would be this November and December, but executives said the approach would be similar to 2015. Last year, the chain offered special Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals after the Thanksgiving Day holiday, but otherwise hewed to season-long promotions instead of things like weekend-long flash sales. Executives said they thought consumers would find that strategy less confusing and frustrating. Walmart also said it is expecting a surge in usage of its pickup program, which allows shoppers to order items online and retrieve them at a counter in the store. To make that operation run more smoothly, the retailer is moving this season to add department managers to its pickup areas. A sign that hangs behind the Teterboro store’s counter gives you a sense of their mandate: “High five for a less than five-minute wait time.” On the e-commerce front, Walmart hopes to deliver a stronger performance this year by relying on an expanded assortment of items. At the beginning of 2016, it had about 8 million items for sale online; today, it has about 20 million, including goods sold by third-party sellers on its marketplace. That’s a sharp improvement, and yet it is still far less than 350 million items Amazon.com is thought to carry. (Amazon’s chief executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos, owns The Washington Post.) And not all of Walmart’s 20 million items are available for same-day store pickup. As always, Walmart will also be trying to win the holiday shopping wars with its merchandise selection. In the toy aisle, it is counting on a lineup of 400 exclusive toys to distinguish its offering from the pack. In particular, executives pointed out a $398 ride-on Disney Princess Carriage that has been selling so fast that the chain has had to go back to the supplier to ask it to make more. In the apparel department, Walmart plans to ride the “ugly Christmas sweater” wave. In recent years, theme parties have abounded that ask revelers to come decked out in their cheesiest seasonal regalia. In turn, executives noticed that kitschy sweaters were selling well — and that men were often buying these garments in women’s size large. So they’ve ramped up their festive sweater offering this year, and also have gone big with other quirky pieces such as a slippers bedecked with emoji. Chief merchandising officer Steve Bratspies said Walmart has bought 40 percent more of these novelty-type items this holiday season compared with last year. business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump just dropped a big hint to the pharmaceutical industry 2 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 3 The potentially severe consequences of Trump’s deportation plans 4 SEC chair to step down, clearing path for Trump to eliminate tough Wall Street regulations 5 With SEC head’s resignation, field clears for Trump to cut back regulations Market Watch DJIA 0.11% NASDAQ -0.36% Get quote Last Update: 11/15/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 54 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart shoppers will have plenty of helpers this holiday season TETERBORO, N.J. — Walmart was once famous for its store greeters. Post to Facebook Walmart  shoppers will have plenty of helpers this holiday season TETERBORO, N.J. — Walmart was once famous for its store greeters.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2eOk85x {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart shoppers will have plenty of helpers this holiday season Charisse Jones , USA TODAY 12:06 a.m. EDT October 27, 2016 Steve Bratspies, chief merchandise officer for Walmart, shows off toys at the Walmart Holiday Kickoff Event in Teterboro, N.J. (Photo: Brian Ach, for Walmart) TETERBORO, N.J. — Santa won’t be the only one with helpers this holiday season. Walmart is staffing its stores with associates who can steer customers to the quickest checkout station, and even run to grab a forgotten item so customers don’t lose their place in line. That’s just one element of Walmart’s plans to simplify this year’s holiday shopping experience, revealed Wednesday at the Walmart store here. Walmart employees will help customers in self-checkout kiosks, donning yellow vests that make them easy to spot, chain officials say. And like its big-box peers Target and Toys R Us, the world’s biggest retailer is also bolstering the option to buy online, then pick up the purchase at the store. "We're focusing now on an easy checkout experience, and we're also focusing on a seamless online and in-store experience,'' says Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Walmart U.S. "The bottom line for this holiday is that we want to serve customers as they want to be served.'' A speedier checkout has been the top request of Walmart customers, McKenna says. A new holiday helper program will allow the opening of extra cash registers, if needed. They'll even have candy canes and stickers in hand. This year, for the first time, each of the retailer’s stores will also have a pick-up department manager to assist customers who order online and come to the store to get their goods. Staffers in the pick-up area will also be equipped with handheld devices to more quickly get packages into customers hands and out the door. "We recognize at the stores in particular that pickup is a key part of that experience,'' said McKenna, noting that the number of same day pickup orders during the holiday season is roughly five times the volume seen in a normal week.   "What customers tell us is it's great to have things delivered to their door. ... but sometimes it's more convenient for them to choose the time that they're going to pick up and they don't have to worry about a parcel being left on their door step." The hybrid approach — ordering online and picking up at the store — is a key way for more traditional retailers to capitalize on their network of stores and better compete with online behemoth Amazon. Customers still have the convenience of shopping online, but don’t have to wait for a delivery or worry about shipping costs. It also can keep customers from wasting a trip to the store to buy an item, only to find that it's not there,   Scott Bauer of consultancy PwC says. "The buy online and pick up in-store model matches confidence that a product is in stock, with convenience of getting it quickly," he says. This holiday season, Walmart will continue to increase the number of items available online, offer thousands of roll backs — reduced prices available for 90 days — and feature an array of exclusives including a Disney Princess Carriage and 3D Virtual Reality Drone. 54 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eOk85x
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart, Target each take cue from the other for holidays By Associated Press Published: 12:43 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 12:43 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart and Target are each taking a cue from the other this holiday season. After years of emphasizing low prices, Wal-Mart wants to up the ante, but it also wants to be known for top customer service. Target, which has a better image in that regard, has stressed a focus on offering deals. The shift underscores how traditional retailers have to perfect every aspect of their operations as shoppers who could easily shop online instead become more demanding about price, selection and service. With online leader Amazon.com cementing customers with its juggernaut Amazon Prime shipping service, retailers like Target and Wal-Mart need to offer more exclusive merchandise. In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, a man playing the role of Santa Claus, center, and Karyn Ochiuzzo, right, of Wood-Ridge, N.J., pose for a photo taken by Bill Ochiuzzo at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Heading into the critical holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart has the momentum. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based company raised its profit outlook in August after reporting its eighth consecutive quarterly increase in a key revenue measure. Target had cut its profit forecast as customer traffic fell for the first time in a year and a half during the second quarter. Its key revenue measure also fell. "Wal-Mart has been benefiting from better service and for this holiday season, it should be a boon," said Ken Perkins, president of research firm Retail Metrics LLC. "I expect Wal-Mart will outpace Target. Target has a big price hurdle." ON SERVICE: Wal-Mart has been working to improve service in its stores, and its move to raise wages and increase training for hourly workers has helped. For the end of the year, the world's largest retailer plans to deploy "holiday helpers" stationed at the checkouts, who can direct customers to registers with shorter lines or even run back to the aisles to pick up an item someone forgot. It's adding staff to handle customers picking up online orders at the stores, and designating a manager for that area. During the holiday season, Wal-Mart sees five times as many same-day pickup orders compared to a normal week. The goal: To make sure shoppers have an easy experience when they come to collect their orders. "We want to serve the customer as they want to be served," Wal-Mart's Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna, said at a store in Teterboro, New Jersey, on Wednesday. For service, Target is also focusing on making online ordering and pickups easier. Starting Nov. 1, it'll have 1,106 stores that will ship directly to online shoppers, double the current number. That should speed up delivery, and Target will be able to fulfill more orders. Online shoppers also can pick up their orders at all of Target's stores. ON PRICE: Wal-Mart promises to be even more aggressive on prices as part of an investment of several billion dollars over the next few years. It similarly plans to offer more consistent pricing, instead of shorter-term deals. For example, a Roku 32-inch HDTV that was priced at $125 last year during a Black Friday sale will have the same price all season this year. Skinny jeans that sold last year for around $9 are now $7.88. Target, which has acknowledged that it failed to deliver on the second part of its "Expect More, Pay Less" slogan, say about 60 percent of its marketing message this holiday season will be about value, up about 20 percent from last year. The Minneapolis-based retailer is repeating some of last year's promotions but also adding new ones aimed at getting shoppers to more areas of the store. "Value is the No. 1 determiner of where a guest will shop," said Rick Gomez, Target's senior vice president of marketing. Target is also extending its free shipping promotion by a week, waiving the shipping fee for all digital orders from earlier this week to Jan. 1. Wal-Mart doesn't plan to waive the $50 minimum for free shipping, but noted that online shoppers who spend less than that can opt for store pickup. ON MERCHANDISE: Both Target and Wal-Mart are offering even more exclusive products. Wal-Mart is offering 400 exclusive toy items including what is already a hit — a Disney Princess Carriage priced at $398. It's also adding thousands more items that will be available for store pickup. Target is offering 1,800 new or exclusive toys, about 15 percent more than last year. Another exclusive is a 10-disc box set from Garth Brooks, which includes his new album and the 25th anniversary edition of "Friends in Low Places." The set will be in Target stores Nov. 11, two weeks before the new album is available elsewhere. Wal-Mart is also planning more product demonstrations, in departments from toys to food. And Santas who used to remain stationary will roam the stores for more customer interaction and selfies. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Mark Tritton, executive vice president and chief merchandising officer for Target, discusses some of the holiday products to be offered by the retailer, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. Target is heading into the critical holiday season a little bruised after it saw customer traffic and a key revenue measure fall in the second quarter after a string of quarterly gains. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Tiffany Davis, left, and Choisette Hargon, both of Paterson, N.J., shop for toys ahead of Christmas at a Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Star Wars figures are displayed at a Target media preview, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. From a Broadway-style marketing campaign to an expanded array of exclusive merchandise, Target is hoping to lure shoppers to their stores and online during the final critical months of the year. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) In this Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016, photo, Gladys Ortega, left, and Ursula Polano, center, both from Paterson, N.J., check out at the register of Dimpal Mandania, at Wal-Mart in Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart may be known for its every low prices but this holiday season it wants to be known for service too. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) Garth Brooks CDs are displayed at a Target media preview, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, in New York. The 10-disc box set from the country pop singer includes the artist's new album and features the 25th anniversary edition of "Friends in Low Places." (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

null
Skip to content Enter to WIN $250! Complete our survey × Search × 7.8 °Cforecast > Jobs | Contact | Tip line: 705-673-0123 Home News Local Police Lifestyle Sports Business Videos Neighbourhoods Automotive Around the North National Entertainment Local National Events Calendar Social Sudbury Imagine Cinemas Lottery Results Horoscopes Crosswords Opinions Editorial Columns Letters to the Editor Obituaries Classifieds All Listings Post an Ad Your Ads Your Account Today's Ads Careers Announcements All Anniversaries Birthdays Births Graduations In Memoriam Lost & Found Weddings & Engagements Submit Community Acts of Kindness Community Information Contests More Advertise Staff Contact PDF Edition Northern Life Delivery Newsletter Feature Publications News Tip Financial Literacy NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Search Search Home Local News New Sudbury Walmart carts no longer $1 to use Deposit no longer required for shopping carts at New Sudbury Walmart 0 Oct 26, 2016 8:11 PM by: Matt Durnan Updated Oct 26, 2016 8:25 PM In April of this year, New Sudbury Walmart announced that shoppers would be required to pay a $1 deposit for carts. The store reversed that decision this week and carts are once again deposit-free. File photo. Shoppers who frequent the Walmart in New Sudbury no longer have to fish for a loonie in order to use a shopping cart. The store decided this week that customers will no longer have to insert $1 into the carts in order to use them. Back in April, New Sudbury Walmart announced that shoppers would be required to deposit $1 to use the carts, and their dollar would be returned once the cart was returned. The reasoning behind the decision was to attempt to curb theft of the carts, as well as deter customers from leaving them scattered about the parking lot. The announcement of the $1 deposit was met with an outpouring of disapproval from shoppers, with some commenters on Sudbury.com saying they would no longer shop at the New Sudbury Walmart. Shopping carts at New Sudbury Walmart still have the coin slot, but they are no longer needed to use the carts. "The coin slots are still on there, but they've just been moved over so that people don't have to lock them together," said a manager at New Sudbury Walmart who didn't wish to have their name on the record. Sudbury.com received letters from readers who condemned the idea, and others who didn't see the $1 deposit as a big deal. What are your thoughts on New Sudbury Walmart opting to go back to deposit-free shopping carts?  Let us know in the comments section below. Like what you're reading? Make us your homepage today! See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? About the Author: Matt Durnan Read more > 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text More Local News HSN research spending down 11.3 per cent in 2015 Incontinent? Suffer painful sex? A local physiotherapist wants to help Before you head out to the pumps, here's what gas costs Visit our homepage > Comments Top Stories HSN research spending down 11.3 per cent in 2015 0 Letter: Changing Remembrance Day takes political correctness too far 0 Sudbury man found dead outside Hamilton gas station 0 'Strong' opposition to proposed Dionne home relocation 0 Sudbury Sec students staging 'Elf: The Musical' in December 0 Videos Monday Smile: Military pup drops puck at NHL game Public invited to Nov. 11 service at Sudbury Arena today More Videos > Sudbury.com 158 Elgin St. Sudbury, ON P3E 3N5 ph: (705) 673-5667 fax: (705) 673-4652 Send Feedback News Home Local News Neighbourhoods Police Opinions Lifestyle Entertainment Sports Letters Social Sudbury Videos Northern Life Home Delivery Advertise Staff Contact Facebook Twitter RSS PDF Edition Newsletter Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community City Services City Leisure Hospital Health Unit Announcements Events Obituaries Classifieds Community Builders Awards Influential Women Awards Northern Ontario Business Awards 40 Under Forty Awards Features Feature Publications Horoscopes Crosswords Lottery Results Movie Listings © 2016 Laurentian Publishing
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1.00/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Video: 3 women brawl at H-E-B in San Antonio Photos: Dead mouse found sewn into woman's dress Shooting victim identified as Houston rapper Chili's manager takes away vet's free meal on Veterans Day Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Houston & Texas News Houston Texas Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Education K-12 Zone Blog School Report Card 2014 Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Texas students expelled from Abilene Christian University for Mother, two children reportedly shot in north Harris County One dead after six-vehicle pile-up on Beltway 8 Minister sentenced to federal prison for fraudulent use of US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Tinder murder case's Gable Tostee in '60 Minutes' interview: 'I Teacher accused of saying: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and 'Possessed' salad dressing causes over $2,000 worth of damage in Facebook glitch accidentally killed off users Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Three-pointers: Takeaways from Rockets' win over 76ers Former Aggies star Mike Evans to end national anthem protest Bill O'Brien: Texans' play-calling a 'collaborative effort' Manning throws three touchdowns as gambling Giants beat Bengals Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Fajita Pete's keeps eye on expansion as Tomball restaurant opens New uBreakiFix in Sugar Land is sixth for Houston area Trump across Texas, visualized Fairfield Town Center completes first phase in time for Black A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Country singer Holly Dunn, best known for 'Daddy's Hands,' dies Twenty years later, 'Space Jam' is the movie we never knew we Connecting dots with Robyn Hitchcock Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Plus-sized model, Ashley Graham gets her own plus-sized Barbie Upcoming Houston wine events Where to order Thanksgiving Day pies in Houston Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/Huntsville-woman-buys-homeless-man-his-10415194.php Huntsville woman helps homeless man get his beloved dog out of the pound By Heather Leighton Published 3:54 pm, Wednesday, October 26, 2016 Photo: Wilma Price Image 1of/12 Caption Close Image 1 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 2 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 3 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 4 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 5 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 6 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 7 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 8 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 9 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 10 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 11 of 12 Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Wilma Price stopped driving to help a homeless man named Patrick out with getting back his beloved pooch name Franklin. Photo: Wilma Price Image 12 of 12 Huntsville woman helps homeless man get his beloved dog out of the pound 1 / 12 Back to Gallery Earlier this month, Wilma Price interrupted her errand at a Huntsville Walmart to help a homeless man with a unique cardboard sign. The sign read, "Dog in pound. Please Help." Patrick is the name of the 30-year-old man Price met outside of the Walmart and he was asking drivers for $120 to buy his dog, Franklin, out of the pound in Huntsville. "I understand the love for a dog," Price told Chron.com. "When you have something in your heart for animals, it's something special. Not everyone has that." She went on to say that she came to recognize that "animal love" in the heart of the man holding the sign. READ MORE: 28 Dogs That Won't Make You Sneeze "I made $15 over the course of an hour and Wilma pulled up and she said she was going to help me," Partick told Chron.com. "A lot of people tell you they'll help you out, or they'll come back later, but Wilma actually did come back. I felt relief." After a phone call to a friend of Price's, Patrick and Price were on their way to the pound to buy back Franklin. The reunion brought tears to both of their eyes. As for Franklin - Price says the happy pooch was shaking out of joy and excitement when he saw Patrick again. "Wilma literally saved my life. I don't know what I would have done without my dog," Patrick said. "What would motivate me every day to better myself? Honestly, that's my dog for me. Without Franklin, I'm just another homeless guy. When Wilma came back, that's when I had my first hope of continuing on." Patrick and Price are still keeping in touch and the two of them are working to get Patrick and Franklin off of the streets and into a permanent home. Patrick says he plans on staying in the Houston area. He is in the process of getting proper identification from the government. Most Read 1 Spring bar to pay $3 million for serving drunk driver who... 2 Shooting victim identified as Houston rapper 'Mr. 3-2' 3 Teacher accused of saying: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump... 4 Donald Trump protester accused of punching police horse taken... 5 Family shot, child killed in attempted robbery north of Houston After a scam tried to benefit from their story with a fake fundraising account, Price set up an official GoFundMe account to raise money for her newfound friend. The response from the public is overwhelmingly positive with over $7,800 raised in five days. "I'm living up to all the support people are giving me," Patrick said. "It's time to get myself off of the streets."  READ MORE: Austin homeless man continues to add new, bizarre mugshots to his growing collection Latest News Video Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Rollback Bike Deals at Walmart: Up to 60% off + free shipping WalmartPosted 6 hr ago SHOP NOW Furniture at World Market: 25% off World MarketPosted 1 hr 17 min ago SHOP NOW Calvin Klein at Ashford: Up to 86% off, from $40 + free shipping AshfordPosted 23 hr 13 min ago SHOP NOW Fitness Reality Elliptical and Exercise Bike for $138 + free... WalmartPosted 44 min ago The Lead Plus-sized model, Ashley Graham gets own Barbie 'I didn't hear' Warriena Wright scream Killen STQ set to open Nov. 28 17 interesting bills filed at the Texas Legislature WWE favorite announces he is dying Popular restaurants hit with nasty healthy code violations How the super moon looked around the world Houston mega-concert set featuring '90s favorites 9 things to know about Tiffany Trump Hot damn! Bruno Mars sets Houston concert date View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close The Supply Side: Wal-Mart testing watermark barcodes by Jennifer Joyner. Published Oct 26th, 2016 12:56 pm JJoyner@nwabj.com / @tbarkansas Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. ––––––––––––––– Wal-Mart Stores has partnered with Oregon-based Digimarc Corp. to test a barcode invisible to the consumer and wrapped around a product package, enabling the object to be scanned from a distance, without rotating it to look for a code. In July 2015, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon posted on Instagram a photo of a Great Value-labeled product on a scanner with the caption: “Walmart’s Lab 415-C, our associates are working on some incredible innovations. Technologies like invisible watermarking could transform the way our customers check out.” Walmart Labs spokesman Bao Nguyen said the retailer has been working with Digimarc on the technology. “We take the same information that’s inside that typical barcode and replicate it hundreds of times across the package,” said Larry Logan, Digimarc’s chief marketing officer. “Think of a postage stamp that’s replicated across all sides of the package — except it doesn’t look like that. There’s no discernible characteristics like the zebra stripes. To a consumer, it’s imperceptible. It’s incorporated into the artwork of the label.” Logan says the new barcode has the potential to make supply chains and retailers more efficient and also help the customer by providing additional product information and content – including the brand’s story – while increasing convenience. Logan said the technology can increase convenience for the consumer in many ways, including opening the door for being able to scan products through the act of placing the item in their shopping cart. At the same time, the ability to scan the product from a distance on any side increases efficiency within the supply chain system and in the store, with potential applications for in-store detailing and loss prevention, Logan said. He also said the barcode would make checkouts faster, increasing retailers’ Items Per Minute count, a key metric in boosting their bottom line. Retail industry data from the past few years cast doubt on customers’ willingness to scan items in the store. A 2012 eMarketer study showed just 9% of adults in the U.S. used a QR code in the past year, and the research projected that adoption would continue to be slow. However, Logan said the all-over barcode is more convenient than QR codes, because consumers don’t have to turn the package around, looking for a code. And, he says the Digimarc Barcode is a solution consumers want. Customers “are demanding” more product information from in-store packaging, he said, pointing to a 2015 survey that showed 78% of U.S. adults wanted more information than what appears on a product’s packaging to determine whether they will purchase it. Three-fourths of those consumers were likely to research and purchase online when they don’t get the information they need from the package. “That number jumps to 87% for millennials,” Logan said. The Digimarc-commission poll looked at 2,000 U.S. adults and was conducted by Harris Interactive of New York City. An increasing amount of information is required on packaging. The all-over barcode can free up space on the package, or the company can place different content on each side or area of the package, Logan said. Larry Logan It could take a while for the Digimarc Barcode to be broadly adopted within the retail industry, if it happens at all. However, earlier this month, checkout scanner company Honeywell International of New Jersey announced that its scanners have the option of Digimarc Barcode capabilities. And a few consumer packaged goods companies near Digimarc’s headquarters in the Pacific Northwest have adopted the technology, and Wegmans Food Markets of Rochester, N.Y., has adopted the technology for its private-label brand. One potential hurdle in the widespread use of Digimarc codes is the upfront costs. Digimarc Barcode costs $400 per SKU, $50 for a licensing fee related to the content delivered to the consumer and $350 for the pre-press company to “enhance the graphics” on the package, Logan said. The Supply Side series focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal, and sponsored by Propak Logistics. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 17shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns Policy Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns By Kenneth Mallory - 10:00pm October 26, 2011 769 9 SHARE Facebook Twitter Walmart’s recent $1 million grant to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation is an injection of sorely needed funding to support the organizations’ highly coveted Emerging Leaders Internship program. A Walmart official stated the company was “honored” to partner with the CBCF. “Diversity is core to Walmart’s success and we are always honored to partner with organizations that share our commitment to helping minority students succeed in life. The congressional internship program is a wonderful example of an initiative for African-American students that works,” said Kimberly Woodard, Walmart’s director of federal government relations and CBCF board member, in a statement. “The program’s success over the last six years has raised the bar for congressional internships and we commend the CBCF for its commitment to promoting diversity on the Hill.” According to information provided by the CBCF, Walmart has provided $2 million to support the program since 2006. Traci L. Hughes, Communications Director for the CBCF, told Politic365 in a phone interview that Walmart’s monetary support was “invaluable.” “More than 80 of our students have benefited from the internship program and clearly the training and exposure they have received served them well,” said Hughes. “Many of them have gone on to work on Capitol Hill. They’re currently earning law degrees, MBAs, and have even started their own companies.” The internship program spans a semester and CBCF says the program “… prepares participating students for careers in public service or the private sector.  As a result of Walmart’s funding, interns also receive a stipend and housing during their internships.” According to the CBCF, Walmart’s funding will also help sponsor its Semester in Washington internship program, a project formed through a partnership with the George Washington University. Former CBCF intern and Hampton University graduate Darien E. Nolin — now a financial analyst for a federal agency and MBA candidate at the Johns Hopkins University — spoke to Politic365 about the value of the CBCF’s internship programs. Nolin said that his CBCF internship afforded him an opportunity to develop more professional relationships with other interns and those working in Congress as he benefited from “… the amount of exposure that it brought and the amount of confidence it gave [him] to pursue other things.” And it appears that Nolin is among CBCF intern alums making remarkable educational and professional strides. “When you look at today’s economy and see what our former interns are doing and where they are working, it affirms the quality and reputation of our program as the best training ground for college students interested in public and civic service,” said Muriel Cooper, CBCF Senior Media Manager, in an email to Politic365. CBCF provided the following list of the CBCF’s Class of 2009 Walmart Emerging Leaders and the different educational and professional endeavors they are currently engaged in: Keith Benjamin: Legislative Associate for the Transport Workers Union of America, AFL-CIO and co-Chair of The Young & Powerful Group DC Chapter. Dshawna Bernard: Co-President of CoverME TTT designed to assist children in low income communities throughout the nation. Former protocol consular officer with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trinidad and Tobago’s foreign service. Ayianna A. Kennerly: Field and Constituent Services Representative for Senator Al Franken (D-MN) Cedric Haynes: 2nd year, full scholarship law student at Mississippi College School of Law, Frederick Douglass Moot Court competitor, and at Morgan & Morgan as a law clerk. Niara Phillips: Homeland Security analyst with Booz Allen Hamilton Danielle Bowers: Research Analyst for Rep. Ronald Waters, Chairman of the Pennsylvania Legislative Black Caucus (PLBC). Also a 2nd year graduate student in the MPA program at Penn State University. Carlissia Graham: Scheduler to Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and very involved with sex trafficking organizations in DC, including Courtney’s House. Charlin Caster: Contractor/Consultant for a government agency working on labor and economic publications, including researching marketing efforts to deliver career information to Hispanic communities and corresponding with incarcerated persons seeking career and re-entry information. Delvin Champagne: Occupational Therapist, also just elected as the DC Representative to the American Occupational Therapy Association. LaShaunta Williams: Independent Research Assistant for Dr. Patrick Wolf, Endowed Chair of School Choice at the University of Arkansas. Brice Sikuade: Special Projects/Events Director, Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-District of Columbia TAGS $1 million African-American award Congressional Black Caucus Foundation emerging leaders Experience Exposure grant HBCUs internship policy Students Walmart SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleIs Spectrum Really Important to Hispanics? Next articleMexico Saves the NBA Kenneth Mallory Kenneth Mallory, a political correspondent for Politic365, is an award-winning journalist and attorney who has free-lanced for several publications, in addition to serving as a general assignment reporter for the Washington Afro-American Newspaper. He earned his B.A. magna cum laude from University of Maryland, Baltimore County, in addition to his J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Education Rep. Alma Adams’ HBCU Capital Financing Bill Passes House Education Report: Increases in Spending on Corrections Far Outpace Education Education Senate Bill 873: NC’s GOP Finds Veiled Way to Go After #HBCUs 9 COMMENTS Walmart Community » Blog Archive » Walmart $1 Million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns 4:51pm October 28, 2011 at 4:51 pm […] Read more at Politic365 […] Reply 名牌汇，博客，幽默，恐怖，故事，惊悚， 5:05pm November 9, 2011 at 5:05 pm I like the valuable information you provide on your articles. I?ll bookmark your blog and take a look at once more here regularly. I am quite certain I?ll be informed plenty of new stuff proper right here! Good luck for the next! Reply keotitmakara 1:06am January 30, 2016 at 1:06 am Nice article Reply Mark SaKa 6:35am March 6, 2016 at 6:35 am let me know about your facebook page if you had it. Reply Rich Phal 6:36am March 6, 2016 at 6:36 am what is your twitter’s name? Reply Da Mo 12:04pm April 1, 2016 at 12:04 pm let me know your facebook page? Reply SVann 11:19am May 9, 2016 at 11:19 am Well said. I love Walmart anyway because it’s also 1 of the best online some among Amazon, Ebay, Alibaba, Aliexpress, etc. Reply Maurice 7:08am September 7, 2016 at 7:08 am Great job walmart! Reply leng koechenda 12:24pm October 26, 2016 at 12:24 pm I love Walmart but 1 million just little for them Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks Atlanta Mayor Offers Support for Citywide Sunday Liquor Sales Matt E. Stevens - 2:30pm September 18, 2011 Black Lawmakers and Faith Leaders Meet on Voter Education Lauren Victoria Burke - 2:06pm May 31, 2012 White House Harnessing Community Colleges Guest Contributor - 6:00pm February 28, 2011 Black Men Falling Out of Middle Class, Study Finds Jeneba Ghatt - 1:00pm September 8, 2011 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS Democratic Party at Weakest Point Since 1938 and New Leaders are... 9:32pm November 14, 2016 Legacy Civil Rights Leaders React to Trump Win, Talk About Black... 1:12pm November 14, 2016 Mr. Nice Guy Strikes Again: Why Hasn’t Obama Asked Comey to... 7:49am November 14, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2237 Politics1994 National1879 News1247 Culture994 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
null

null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 60° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny. High 63F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A clear sky. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press This Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, shows the sign of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif.  (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) 'Razor Blade Suicide Wound' makeup is latest 2016 costume to cause furor Washington Post Oct 26, 2016 (…) This Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, shows the sign of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif.  (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) The Associated Press Until recently, for $3.99 plus shipping, consumers could purchase an item called "Razor Blade Suicide Wound Latex Costume Make Up" from Walmart's online store. It offered exactly what was in the description. Judging by the social media outcry, few people will wear it trick-or-treating this Halloween. The mock gashes simulating a suicide attempt were, according to a Change.org petition that ran over the weekend, "not a joke, not a costume, and not funny." The wound makeup was also indicative of a wider trend of treating mental illness as a scary Halloween curiosity, as The Washington Post reported Tuesday. The retail giant agreed to pull the product. (Victory!, the petition now reads.) "This costume is appalling and it was unacceptable for a third-party seller to list it on our marketplace," said Walmart in a statement, according to WABC 7. "It clearly violated our prohibited items policy and we removed it when it was brought to our attention." Along with collecting candy and carving pumpkins, pointing out racist, offensive or ill-conceived costumes has become something of an annual Halloween tradition. (For a seven-year run, the late website Gawker documented October spikes in blackface.) Colleges and universities have entered the fray this year, cracking down on outfits that stereotyped or sexualized minorities. In early October, the University of Florida sent out a reminder it had a 24-hour phone line for counseling, should anyone be troubled by a costume. The university also issued a warning: "Also, keep in mind that social media posts can have a long-term impact on your personal and professional reputation." That is true even if the costumes are not worn, but discussed. In December 2015, a Yale University lecturer resigned after penning an email in a measured defense of students' choice to wear costumes that were "a little bit inappropriate or provocative or, yes, offensive." More recently, Brock University in Ontario, Canada, issued a costume protocol for its annual Halloween party. The guidelines, according to the Brock University website, were designed to pay respect to "stories and experiences of marginalized groups." Outfits barred from the party included religious headdresses, Day of the Dead makeup or "any costume of Caitlyn Jenner." Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog The shortlist of controversial costumes in 2016: Clowns. In Mississippi's Kemper County, wearing a clown costume will carry a $150 fine until Nov. 1, thanks to an ordinance approved in mid-October by the Kemper County Board of Supervisors. New York American Civil Liberties Union attorney Lee Rowland disagreed with the Mississippi county's prohibition, arguing that most outfits were protected as speech under the First Amendment. It was "a ridiculous use of government authority," Rowland told the AP, "to dictate which Halloween costumes people can wear." The county joined several high schools and school districts around the country, from California to New Jersey, that have banned clown costumes following the wave of "creepy clown" sightings. Maui from Disney's "Moana." The Polynesian demigod Maui, who will be played by Dwayne Johnson in the upcoming animated movie "Moana," was depicted in a costume released by Disney in September. The costume, a full-body suit that included tribal tattoos and fake brown skin, was met with derision and anger on social media, as The Post reported. (At least one person compared it with the suit of human skin from the horror movie "Silence of the Lambs.") Disney stopped selling the Maui costume just a few days later, telling CNN in a statement, "The team behind Moana has taken great care to respect the cultures of the Pacific islands that inspired the film, and we regret that the Maui costume has offended some." Kidnapped Kim Kardashian. In the wake of a robbery at gunpoint at the beginning of October, the normally prolific social media star Kim Kardashian went quiet. That did not stop costume retailer Costumeish.com from offering, euphemistically and fleetingly, the $69.99 "Parisian Heist Robbery Victim Costume Kit." The costume, which included a mouth gag and black wig, was removed from the Web store on Oct. 11. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank This Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, shows the sign of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif.  (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) The Associated Press Tags Costume View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license Lord & Taylor closing downtown St. Louis office, laying off 77 IT employees Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Dow pauses after six-day rally; tech stocks rise Bayer to issue convertible notes for Monsanto buy Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers 737 order Apartments, Marriott hotel planned for Jefferson Arms Dow and DuPont said to expect EU objections to merger Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
The Toy Book The Leading Trade Publication for the Toy Industry New Products Toy Report Editorial Calendar Articles Commentary About Us Contact WIT Member Spotlight: Anne Marie Kehoe October 26, 2016 By Guest Blogger by Genna Rosenberg, Principal at GennComm & WIT Executive Board Member Whether you call them wonder women, girl heroes, girls action stars, or girls with power, each corner of the toy industry is filled with powerful women knocking down barriers, pushing through walls, and empowering those around them. They support, promote, and inspire each other through connections, purpose, and empowerment. Providing opportunities to women economically is smart business, and no one knows that better than this industry’s own superhero, Anne Marie Kehoe, vice president, toys at Walmart and recipient of the 2016 Women in Toys Retailer of the Year Award. She is a real-life action hero in the toy world, committed to providing opportunities for women-owned businesses at Walmart. The Toy Book recently had the opportunity to sit down with Kehoe and discuss the role women are playing in the toy industry, Walmart’s commitment to source from women-owned companies, and what it’s like to be a bonafide Wonder Woman. Why is it important for Walmart to source from women-owned businesses? The short answer is that empowering women economically is smart business. Our women’s empowerment work is a step forward in our commitment to help people live better and a defining issue for our business and the world. For Walmart, empowering women helps us better understand and serve our customers, find the best talent, and promote economic growth in the communities we serve. Walmart’s Women’s Economic Empowerment program has the potential to be a game-changer for women and for economic growth. By tapping its core competencies as a global retailer, Walmart will empower more women to access markets and develop careers in the global supply chain, transforming their lives and the lives of their families. Two of WIT’s youngest members and co-creators of Poketti pitch their plush toys to Walmart. Through its Women’s Economic Empowerment Initiative, Walmart is paving the way for women-owned companies. How do toys and WIT fit into the overall mission? Through Walmart’s Global Women’s Economic Empowerment Initiative, we’ve set goals and we are taking practical steps to help change the lives of countless women around the world. We are committed to sourcing $20 billion from women-owned businesses for our U.S. business and double sourcing from women suppliers in international countries where we do business. Additionally, we have set goals to empower nearly 1 million women through training and promote diversity and inclusion representation within our suppliers. Through its annual Empowerment Day held each year at the Dallas Toy Fair, WIT has been an incredible pipeline to women-owned business leaders. Our buyers are able to network with companies they may not have access to, and manufacturers can pitch their products to Walmart, participate in learning sessions and panels, and empower women to reach their goals. WIT is an important partner in this endeavor, and the event works as a two-way street. WIT members provide us with a robust pipeline to mine for new and innovative products we can provide to our consumers, and we provide WIT members an opportunity to meet with buying teams to which they may not normally have access. What does it mean to be recognized as a WIT Wonder Woman? It was really an honor to be recognized. But with the honor comes great responsibility, which I take very seriously. Throughout my career, I’ve strived to create pathways for women from all areas and WIT gives me an opportunity to do just that. I strongly believe in WIT’s objective—and am a member of the Empowerment Committee and advisory board. I am committed to the organization’s mission of providing a collaborative, supportive environment and unparalleled opportunities that foster relationship building and innovation, all designed to help them advance women in their careers and succeed in business. Kehoe accepts her Wonder Woman 2016 Retailer of the Year award. What is the story behind the “Women Owned” logo that Walmart helped develop? Women are our biggest customer base by far, and when given the opportunity, many women will buy from women-owned companies. In partnership with the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) and WEConnect International, we developed the “Women Owned” logo to help customers easily identify products made by women-owned businesses sold through any retailer, not just Walmart. All women-owned businesses that are WBENC and/or WEConnect certified are eligible to display the logo on their product packaging. Can you give an example of a success story that came as a result of Walmart’s Women Economic Empowerment initiative? During the very first WIT Women Empowerment Day, our buyers met Jodi Norgaard from Dream Big Toys. She had a line of dolls, books, and apps called Go, Go Sports Girls that promote self-appreciation and healthy life skills. When our team met with Norgaard, we saw something unique and wanted more, so we gave her some suggestions and agreed to a test in 50 stores. Within two years, her product was in 162 stores and we are proud to provide her products, which support creative play and social-emotional growth through sport, and encourage girls to dream big. In another example, we are currently selling doll clothes made by apparel merchandising students from the University of Arkansas. A few years ago, through our Women’s Empowerment Initiative, we reached out to students at Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences at the University of Arkansas to design a doll clothing line for My Life As dolls in Walmart. The program allows students to interact directly with professionals in the apparel industry, build their resumes and portfolios with hands-on experiences, and showcase their work in a national retail arena. What’s next for Walmart and its Women’s Economic Empowerment Initiative? As a company, we don’t believe that we have to choose between being a successful business and a responsible one. We have a model for making a difference that works. And when we combine the Walmart model with women’s empowerment, we have an incredible opportunity to make a difference on the big challenges facing our world. Filed Under: Articles Tagged With: 2016 Women in Toys Retailer of the Year Award, Anne Marie Kehoe, Walmart, WIT, Women in Toys New Products Nintendo Launches NES Classic Edition November 10, 2016 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment Nintendo is launching the Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic Edition this Friday. The system includes 30 classic NES games such as Super Mario Bros., Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda, Kirby’s Adventure, and PAC-MAN. To celebrate, Nintendo will host a launch event, bring back its nostalgic Power Line for the weekend, and go retro with its social media channels. To [...] T-Arts Co. Debuts Harry Potter Chibi Plush November 4, 2016 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment T-Arts Co. Ltd. (Takara TOMY) in Japan appointed Huckleberry as its U.S. and Canada distributor of its Harry Potter chibi plush line. The initial release will have Harry Potter and Hedwig the owl as 8-inch plush, and a 5-inch beanie plush line with Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, Draco Malfoy, Dobby, and Hedwig the [...] PBS Kids, Whole Foods Market Release Holiday Toy Line November 3, 2016 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment PBS Kids and Whole Foods Market’s multi-year partnership continues this holiday season with the launch of new Aurora plush animals and PlanToys wooden toys. The two collections are now available at Whole Foods Market stores nationwide and online at shop.pbskids.org. All net proceeds from purchases of the toys will support PBS Kids’ mission to empower [...] TPF Toys Launches Second Wave of Splashlings November 2, 2016 By Maddie Michalik Leave a Comment TPF Toys released a new wave of its collectible line, Splashlings, now available exclusively at Toys “R” Us stores nationwide and online at www.toysrus.com. This latest wave features rare color changing characters. Invented by Pound Puppies creator, the newest assortment of Splashlings features mermaids, ocean friends, gems, shells, and other treasures. Kids can collect more [...] Marvel Reveals Doctor Strange Product Collection October 31, 2016 By Sara Touzard Marvel launched a merchandise collection in preparation for the upcoming Nov. 4 theatrical debut of Doctor Strange. The collection, led by Hasbro, Lego, Funko, and more, will offer merchandise for kids and collectors. The line will include Lego Doctor Strange’s Sanctum Sanctorum, Funko POP! Vinyl Doctor Strange Assortment, Mad Engine Doctor Strange Fan Apparel, Hasbro Doctor Strange 6 inch [...] More Posts from this Category Come Tweet with Us No Tweets Available @toybook    TOY Digital Subscribe to The Toy Report Terms of Use Archives Select Month November 2016  (23) October 2016  (70) September 2016  (70) August 2016  (46) July 2016  (53) June 2016  (64) May 2016  (52) April 2016  (44) March 2016  (43) February 2016  (94) January 2016  (45) December 2015  (27) November 2015  (27) October 2015  (55) September 2015  (74) August 2015  (111) July 2015  (97) June 2015  (84) May 2015  (78) April 2015  (80) March 2015  (95) February 2015  (100) January 2015  (69) December 2014  (80) November 2014  (98) October 2014  (102) September 2014  (97) August 2014  (82) July 2014  (79) June 2014  (85) May 2014  (75) April 2014  (92) March 2014  (98) February 2014  (67) January 2014  (35) December 2013  (92) November 2013  (92) October 2013  (106) September 2013  (88) August 2013  (101) July 2013  (87) June 2013  (94) May 2013  (76) April 2013  (79) March 2013  (71) February 2013  (75) January 2013  (67) December 2012  (70) November 2012  (86) October 2012  (94) September 2012  (86) August 2012  (103) July 2012  (79) June 2012  (79) May 2012  (13) April 2012  (31) March 2012  (18) February 2012  (31) January 2012  (15) December 2011  (30) November 2011  (34) October 2011  (51) September 2011  (35) August 2011  (16) July 2011  (41) June 2011  (78) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (14) March 2011  (33) February 2011  (26) January 2011  (20) December 2010  (16) November 2010  (28) October 2010  (53) September 2010  (20) August 2010  (85) July 2010  (83) June 2010  (134) May 2010  (45) April 2010  (66) March 2010  (59) February 2010  (70) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (36) November 2009  (67) October 2009  (47) September 2009  (3) Return to top of page Copyright © 2016 · Customization by Jula Studio on the Genesis Framework · Log in
Share 7.1k Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 Blake Lively And Ryan Reynolds’ Love Burns Despite Donald Trump And Baby Daughters: ‘Deadpool’ Actor Reveals Falling For Wife Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-15 Donald Trump Linked To LGBT Suicide Hotline Call Spike: Fears Include Gay Marriage & Health Care News 2016-11-15 Bill Clinton Nude Photo Leaked By Anonymous? Fake President Clinton Naked Pic With Prostitute Fools Twitter [Hoax] Opinion 2016-11-15 The Democratic Establishment Has Betrayed Our Entire Planet News 2016-11-15 Zara Clothing Store Sued By Woman Who Finds Mouse ‘Sewn Into Her Dress’ Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Destiny’ Weekly Reset For Nov. 15, Take A Breather With Wretched Eye Nightfall Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Will Miss Nintendo Switch Release Date Because Of Development Delays Gaming 2016-11-14 Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Why Bashing Trump Supporters Isn’t Cool Opinion 7.1k 0 0 October 26, 2016 Why Bashing Trump Supporters Isn’t Cool Caitlin Johnstone The following article is entirely the opinion of Caitlin Johnstone and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. If I see one more millionaire comedian go to a Trump rally and make fun of how low-class and uneducated some of his supporters are, I’m gonna put my fist through my computer. I mean for God’s sake, duh, yes, many of them are lower class and under-educated. That’s the problem. That’s why they’re angry. That’s why I’m angry. We know that their country has failed them. You see shill comedians on corporate media churning out that smug, classist condescension every day, but it’s not just the faux funnymen punching down on the disempowered for the benefit of the ruling class. I’m seeing more and more pundits and think pieces talking about how it looks like Trump’s going to lose the election, but we’re still going to have to deal with his supporters on the alt right when he’s gone. Excuse me? “Deal with” them? How are you planning on dealing with them, exactly? By ending the predatory trade agreements that have gutted rural America? By ending the Walmart/welfare system and imposing a livable minimum wage and a top-notch, fully-funded public education system? By closing the gaping tax loopholes that allow billionaires to avoid helping the human beings they’re crushing into the dust for unprecedented profits? By imposing congressional term limits and changing laws that enable the wealthiest Americans to literally buy the votes of the entire legislative branch of the federal government to keep the Walmart economy in place? Is that how you’re planning on “dealing with” them? Because it sure doesn’t look like that’s what you’re planning to do. It looks like you’re all doing everything you can to elect an extremely wealthy former Walmart executive with a consistent record of corporate cronyism and taking massive donations from billionaires all over the world, whose husband passed one of the most damaging of the aforementioned trade agreements in NAFTA. It sure looks like you voice boxes of the neoliberal think tank are using the monolithic consolidated media power legislated into existence by Bill Clinton’s Telecommunications Act to elect his Wall Street-friendly wife to the most powerful government office on the planet, at the expense of the people being choked to death by the very policies they’ve both been granted unfathomable amounts of wealth and power for facilitating. Why Punching Down Will Never Be Funny https://t.co/S2UfL7Ahei pic.twitter.com/UKIOOwxZn5 — BuzzFeed Canada (@BuzzFeedCanada) October 6, 2016 If people want to make fun of Donald Trump, that’s fine by me. He’s weird and goofy and he says horrible things sometimes, and if you pick on him, at least you’re punching up. He can go cry about it in one of his mansions. But don’t pick on his supporters just for being the natural casualties of an exploitative and predatory plutocracy. It’s not cool, and it’s not funny. Demagoguery only ever works on a desperate population. Do you think Nazi Germany happened because everyone just woke up one morning with a bad case of anti-Semitism? If you do, you didn’t pay attention in history class. World War I had left Germany traumatized and depleted and the Treaty of Versailles had the German government paying reparations fees to the Allies who’d defeated them, which they couldn’t afford, resulting in French and Belgian troops invading Ruhr to take goods and raw materials. There was some recovery, but then the Great Depression hit. Hitler was just the first hateful and charismatic opportunist to come along and say to these people, “Hey! You know how you have all these problems? Well, it’s those guys’ fault!” His party was a joke in the year 1928, receiving less than three percent of the vote, but then the economy tanked after the Wall Street crash of 1929, and people got desperate. Demagoguery is built upon desperation. Did you know racism wasn’t really a thing for Europeans until they migrated to the Americas? I mean, there was definitely hatred and prejudice, but it was the Irish against the English, the English against the French, etc. They never thought of their skin pigmentation as an identifying characteristic, never thought of themselves as “white people,” until they came to America. White slavery and indentured servitude were highly profitable practices in early colonial America, and in order to keep the European slaves and the African slaves from just teaming up and taking everything from their extremely wealthy owners, white slaves were promised a small amount of land and money for their services in exchange for keeping the black slaves in line. In their desperation, the European slaves were all too eager to help oppress their African brothers. Make them desperate, then divide and conquer. Here’s a little talk by the brilliant Tim Wise about the slavery stuff if you’re curious. Demagoguery can only ever come from desperation; you can’t scapegoat without a problem. Yes, racism, xenophobia, and Islamophobia are being used to rally the victims of our exploitative system on the political right, but if you end the exploitation, you end the desperation. And that’s all Bernie Sanders was ever trying to do, for them and for all of us. #Berners, We Need To Start Collaborating With The #Deplorables https://t.co/Rew8AF2mOi #NotMeUS #LoveTrumpsHate #NeverHillary #wikileaks — Merth (@womanINtransit) October 24, 2016 Yesterday I read this great new Nation article by Dennis Kucinich, one of the last surviving anti-war Democrats. In it, he said the following: “It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders.” That really gets at something I’ve been trying to articulate in my own little way from my humble soapbox here at Inquisitr, not just with regard to war, but with everything. There needs to be some collaboration between the left and the right if we want to fix this broken system because the real divide isn’t left and right, it’s top and bottom. The clear-eyed rebels on both the political right and the political left all agree that we need to end corporatism and restore government transparency and democracy to America. Let’s start there. If we can get those things, the next step will be made clear. We can’t get there if we’re playing along with the game where we get pitted against each other for the amusement of the aristocracy like something out of The Hunger Games to the jeers of sycophantic corporate comedians. We’ve got to stand together and make them take us seriously. [Featured Image by Evan Vucci/AP Images] Now Watch This: Val Chmerkovskiy Sued For $6 Million After Posting Insulting Meme Now Read This: The Democratic Establishment Has Betrayed Our Entire Planet Share 7.1k Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Caitlin Johnstone Tags: berners, bernie sanders, deplorable's, Donald Trump Comments LATEST HEADLINES Blake Lively And Ryan Reynolds’ Love Burns Despite Donald Trump And Baby Daughters: ‘Deadpool’ Actor Reveals Falling For Wife Ben Affleck And Jennifer Garner Calling Off Divorce? All The Signs They Are On The Road To Reconciliation WWE Rumors: Will Conor McGregor Fight In ‘Wrestlemania’? Chumlee Update: ‘Pawn Stars’ Season 13 Will Feature ‘A Lot Of Solo Chum’ Why Did Kendall Jenner Quit Instagram? Kim Kardashian May Have Been An Influence Taylor Swift: DJ Who ‘Groped’ Swift Is Confident Leaked Photo In Lawsuit Will Help Him Win Bernie Sanders Speaks Out, Tells People To Stand Up Against Donald Trump Val And Laurie On ‘DWTS’: Why Her Grandmother’s Death Was Kept Secret From Her WWE News, Spoilers: The Undertaker Returns, Huge Title Match, ‘The Cutting Edge’ Tonight On 900th Episode Of ‘SmackDown LIVE’ Donald Trump Linked To LGBT Suicide Hotline Call Spike: Fears Include Gay Marriage & Health Care Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 53.7k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 29.3k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 13.9k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.8k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 23.1k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 10.7k 0 0 Recent Headlines Val And Laurie On ‘DWTS’: Why Her Grandmother’s Death Was Kept Secret From Her 0 0 0 Donald Trump Linked To LGBT Suicide Hotline Call Spike: Fears Include Gay Marriage & Health Care 3 0 0 Ammara Brown Sex Tape: Explicit Video Allegedly Showing Popular Zimbabwe Singer Is A Fake, Report Claims 0 0 0 Justin Bieber Didn’t Just Marry Selena Gomez In The Caribbean And He Isn’t Dating Former Girlfriend Sofia Richie 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner & Kris Jenner Feud: Kris Slams Tyga, ‘He Pushes Her Buttons Like Nobody Else’ 0 0 0 ‘Love And Hip Hop: New York’ Spoilers: Five Things We Can Expect This Season 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Home FREE KP CLASSIFIED AD Submit Announcement About Us Circulation Contact Us CONTEST Watch Family-Life TV Live Stream Here NewsDesk Puzzles INFORMATION CENTER Today’s Edition Obituaries Children, Elderly Participate in Project Bundle Up in Kittanning The line of families benefiting from this year’s Salvation Army Project Bundle Up crossed into the WalMart parking lot last night during check-in. More than 110 individuals shopped for winter coats, boots and hats with volunteers. by Jonathan Weaver More than 100 children and elderly adults shopped for clothing to keep warm this winter with the Kittanning Salvation Army last night. Families with empty shopping carts lined up outside of the Kittanning WalMart about 6PM before families large and small were paired with volunteers to shop for coats, boots, hats, gloves and snow pants until about 7:30PM. Kittanning Salvation Army Lieutenant Amber Imhoff said families signed up for Project Bundle-Up at the end of September. “Every Salvation Army location in Western Pennsylvania does Project Bundle-Up – we do it different than the other locations. Most of the other locations do multiple trips or write vouchers, and we’re the only location that does all of our kids at once and all of our seniors at once,” Imhoff said. “We have 115 this year, and we try to be in-and-out in an hour-and-a-half, give or take. “We help a lot of working-class families that are maybe working minimum-wage jobs or maybe one of the parents was laid off or had a medical issue in the past year.” Volunteers stemming from local Parents Time Out (PTO) organizations, local churches and the Salvation Army’s Womens Auxiliary shopped with local families. Armstrong Junior/Senior High Cheerleading Coach Soney Hockenberry said more than a dozen seventh through 12th grade cheerleaders came to help as well. A Kittanning Senior High cheerleader who graduated in 1976, Hockenberry is also a physician office manager at ACMH Hospital in East Franklin Township – where she found out about the need for volunteers. “There was an e-mail that went out from the Salvation Army that they needed help – I gave (the cheerleaders) less than 24 hours notice and we have a nice group that came,” Hockenberry said. “I am just so very proud of them. They didn’t have to do it, it was less than 24 hours notice and I was just getting e-mails all (Monday) night and (Tuesday) (saying) ‘I can be there, I can be there.’ Very proud of them. “It is an important lesson to learn in life.” Sophomore Olivia Emmonds, of Ford City, and Senior Caitlynn Becker were two of the varsity cheerleaders who volunteered last night. It was the first Project Bundle-Up experience for both. “It was a great thing we heard about, so we figured ‘Why not come help?,” Emmonds said. Both girls are part of student organizations that also volunteer regularly – including Student Council, LEO Club and SADD. Lieutenant Amber said more than 50 volunteers responded following the e-mail blast. “It’s just a good night because, if the kids pick it out, they’re more than likely to wear it once it’s cold – especially the teenagers,” Imhoff said. “If they like it, they’ll wear it.” Even with a $5,000 allocation from the Carnegie-based headquarters, the local Salvation Army budgets about $7,000 more in the annual General Operating Budget to accommodate the local need. “I always get a little nervous but it always works out,” Imhoff concluded. “It’s important because in the winter-time here, it gets cold.” Brian McKean and wife Erika Armor – originally of Vandergrift – took their three children (three year old Matthew, nine-year-old Chad and six year old Jasmine) to WalMart as part of Project Bundle-Up. McKean said he was “very thankful” for the opportunity. “Very thankful for people volunteering to come and do this and help families out who are in need,” McKean said. “It’s a wonderful thing.” Jasmine was particularly-pleased with her cheetah-print coat and hat. Amy Kirkwood, of Kittanning, walked with the five-member family. It was her first Project Bundle-Up volunteer experience after working with another agency in the past. “It’s definitely nice seeing how excited (children) get,” Kirkwood said. “It’s nice the kids get to pick their own stuff because a lot of times, they’ll get hand-me-downs.” Kirkwood plans to volunteer again this holiday season with her four-year-old daughter, Hailey. More than 150 local residents received winter clothing last year. “We get a lot of hugs – you see a lot of volunteers with tears in their eyes, because they make a relationship with (the needy families),” Imhoff said. Those who purchased clothes last night will not qualify for the next two years. Next year, those families and those that did not register in-time are referred to the Salvation Army’s free Clothing Room. Local residents can also sponsor families’ in-need year-round by stopping by the Kittanning Salvation Army along South Jefferson Street. The average child is about $75 and senior citizen $100. Local News | jweaver October 26, 2016 Register Log in Recent News Headlines Ford City Proposed Budget Decreases More than $1 Million Architects Sought for Armstrong River Hawks Stadium Divine Redeemer’s Flag Football Team Will Look to Remain Undefeated OBIT: Stanley Ritrosky (Kittanning) Broken Sprinkler Head Floods West Kittanning Big Lots Drill Evaluation Performed on Kittanning Emergency Responders West Hills Students Donate to Veterans Shannock Valley Students Honor Veterans Pages About Us Circulation Contact Us CONTEST FREE KP CLASSIFIED AD INFORMATION CENTER NewsDesk Obituaries Puzzles Submit Announcement Today’s Edition Watch Family-Life TV Live Stream Here Watch Family-Life TV Now! News Room Armstrong County Court House Armstrong School District BENNETT: Commentary Birth Announcements East Franklin Editorial Ford City Ford Cliff Front Porch Gossip Kittanning Borough Kittanning Township Leechburg Local News Local Sports Manor Township Obituaries Pine Township Regional News Regional Sports RETTIG: My Two Cents Sugarcreek Township Uncategorized West Kittanning Worthington WTYM AM 1380 Radio Recent Comments jorn jensen on Architects Sought for Armstrong River Hawks Stadium ktown_kid on Architects Sought for Armstrong River Hawks Stadium mad-2010 on Architects Sought for Armstrong River Hawks Stadium jd718 on Ford City Proposed Budget Decreases More than $1 Million jd718 on Architects Sought for Armstrong River Hawks Stadium Copyright 2016 - The Kittanning Paper - 140 South Jefferson Street - Kittanning, PA 16201 Telephone: (724) 543-NEWS - FAX: (724) 543-5572
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Morning Mix ‘Razor Blade Suicide Wound’ makeup is latest 2016 costume to cause furor The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Ben Guarino October 26 Follow @bbguari Hi Walmart, I would like to know which part of this is a suitable costume for anyone. Self harm isn't a "scary costume" for all to wear :-) pic.twitter.com/BLRpSXGY0J — t i f f (@tiffxxc) October 24, 2016 Until recently, for $3.99 plus shipping, consumers could purchase an item called “Razor Blade Suicide Wound Latex Costume Make Up” from Walmart’s online store. It offered exactly what was in the description. Judging by the social media outcry, few people will wear it trick-or-treating this Halloween. The mock gashes simulating a suicide attempt were, according to a Change.org petition that ran over the weekend, “not a joke, not a costume, and not funny.” The wound makeup was also indicative of a wider trend of treating mental illness as a scary Halloween curiosity, as The Washington Post reported Tuesday. The retail giant agreed to pull the product. (Victory!, the petition now reads.) “This costume is appalling and it was unacceptable for a third-party seller to list it on our marketplace,” said Walmart in a statement, according to WABC 7. “It clearly violated our prohibited items policy and we removed it when it was brought to our attention.” Along with collecting candy and carving pumpkins, pointing out racist, offensive or ill-conceived costumes has become something of an annual Halloween tradition. (For a seven-year run, the late website Gawker documented October spikes in blackface.) Colleges and universities have entered the fray this year, cracking down on outfits that stereotyped or sexualized minorities. In early October, the University of Florida sent out a reminder it had a 24-hour phone line for counseling, should anyone be troubled by a costume. The university also issued a warning: “Also, keep in mind that social media posts can have a long-term impact on your personal and professional reputation.” That is true even if the costumes are not worn, but discussed. In December 2015, a Yale University lecturer resigned after penning an email in a measured defense of students’ choice to wear costumes that were “a little bit inappropriate or provocative or, yes, offensive.” More recently, Brock University in Ontario, Canada, issued a costume protocol for its annual Halloween party. The guidelines, according to the Brock University website, were designed to pay respect to “stories and experiences of marginalized groups.” Outfits barred from the party included religious headdresses, Day of the Dead makeup or “any costume of Caitlyn Jenner.” The shortlist of controversial costumes in 2016: Clowns. In Mississippi’s Kemper County, wearing a clown costume will carry a $150 fine until Nov. 1, thanks to an ordinance approved in mid-October by the Kemper County Board of Supervisors. New York American Civil Liberties Union attorney Lee Rowland disagreed with the Mississippi county’s prohibition, arguing that most outfits were protected as speech under the First Amendment. It was “a ridiculous use of government authority,” Rowland told the AP, “to dictate which Halloween costumes people can wear.” The county joined several high schools and school districts around the country, from California to New Jersey, that have banned clown costumes following the wave of “creepy clown” sightings. Maui from Disney’s “Moana.” The Polynesian demigod Maui, who will be played by Dwayne Johnson in the upcoming animated movie “Moana,” was depicted in a costume released by Disney in September. The costume, a full-body suit that included tribal tattoos and fake brown skin, was met with derision and anger on social media, as The Post reported. (At least one person compared it with the suit of human skin from the horror movie “Silence of the Lambs.”) Disney stopped selling the Maui costume just a few days later, telling CNN in a statement, “The team behind Moana has taken great care to respect the cultures of the Pacific islands that inspired the film, and we regret that the Maui costume has offended some.” Kidnapped Kim Kardashian. In the wake of a robbery at gunpoint at the beginning of October, the normally prolific social media star Kim Kardashian went quiet. That did not stop costume retailer Costumeish.com from offering, euphemistically and fleetingly, the $69.99 “Parisian Heist Robbery Victim Costume Kit.” The costume, which included a mouth gag and black wig, was removed from the Web store on Oct. 11. More from Morning Mix UW-Madison sex assault case snowballs as dozens come forward, ‘stalking’ list seized ‘Flash mob’ of 150 teens attacks Temple University students, cops in Philly Big debate about Shakespeare finally settled by big data: Marlowe gets his due national morning-mix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national morning-mix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Ben Guarino writes for The Washington Post’s Morning Mix. Follow @bbguari Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 These memes show Joe Biden’s imagined last laugh: Pranking Trump’s White House 2 Michigan police officer suspended after driving with Confederate flag at ‘Love Trumps Hate’ rally 3 A giant reservoir that supplies a California county’s drinking water is nearly empty 4 The postelection hate spike: How long will it last? 5 New statin guidelines: Everyone 40 and older should be considered for the drug therapy Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game national morning-mix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
up next: now reading: Nev., N.C. Focus-Group Moms Expect Clinton Victory Maria Lorenzino/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP Nev., N.C. Focus-Group Moms Expect Clinton Victory By Alexis Simendinger October 26, 2016 Maria Lorenzino/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Election Day cannot come too soon. Hillary Clinton will defeat Donald Trump, and even her detractors predict victory. Trump will behave badly when he loses. Neither Clinton’s email controversies nor Trump’s alleged groping of women and professed “locker room talk” tipped the scales definitively toward the next president. And on the day after millions of votes are tallied Nov. 8, many couples, their relatives and friends will have to patch up deep divisions, often under the same roof, prompted by a presidential contest that frustrates, worries and embarrasses them. Those were among findings from two voter focus groups Tuesday, one in Las Vegas and another in Charlotte, N.C., in which mothers ages 54 and younger were asked about the presidential election. The swing voters were participants in the final sessions convened as part of a series sponsored by Wal-Mart and conducted by polling firms Public Opinion Strategies and Penn Schoen Berland. “Wal-Mart Mom” focus groups of undecided and leaning voters last met in August. The mothers in North Carolina joined their husbands or male partners Tuesday during a discussion focused on a 2016 gender chasm: couples who disagree about who would be a better president and expect to effectively checkmate one another with their ballots. “I hate her,” Kyler, a 46-year-old white male Trump supporter from Charlotte, said of Clinton. “I’m voting against her.” His wife, Tasha, 45, said her strong support for the former secretary of state has made her marriage feel like “the worst it’s ever been” in terms of friction and disagreements. “I don’t want to discuss it with him. I don’t want to hear anything,” she said dismally. Tasha feels as if she has not been able to escape the conflict: The presidential candidates and their surrogates dip into North Carolina every few days, and campaign ads on radio and television are constant. The RealClearPolitics polling average shows Clinton two percentage points ahead of Trump (Libertarian candidate Gov. Gary Johnson is included in the North Carolina average, pulling in 5 percent). The focus group of 10 Las Vegas women appeared similarly anxious Tuesday about the direction of the election and their choices. Scary, angry, worried, frustrated, and “a mess” were words they used to describe how the presidential campaign made them feel. Some said they were unsure if they would vote, or found themselves weighing whether a vote for Johnson was a wasted effort. “The commercials, we mute it,” Blanca, a 33-year-old Trump supporter originally from El Salvador, told the group. Clinton is “a liar and our country is not safe,” the mother of four added emphatically. In contrast, Veronica, 34, Hispanic and married and also the mother of four children, believes she will vote for Clinton. There are many things about Trump she finds objectionable, but perhaps none more than the New York businessman’s assertions that the election will be rigged against him. “How do you say you’re going to make America great again, but you have no faith in the Democratic process?” Veronica wondered. When all the ballots are counted, “I think he’ll demand a recount,” she predicted. “He can never accept defeat at any level.” In Nevada, Clinton has stretched out a lead since early October to nearly four points in a close race, according to the RCP average. In both focus groups, participants were well informed about the major party nominees, but they bemoaned the name-calling and mudslinging. They said it had been difficult to sort out details about what Clinton and Trump each proposed to accomplish, if elected, and how they would do it. Trump’s behavior and rhetoric during the campaign – positive and negative -- were simple for focus group participants to recall without prompting. But Clinton, even among her admirers in the two states, appeared to be something of a cipher. What was her message to voters? Her experience … children … families, they ventured after some thought. A number of the Wal-Mart Moms said Trump had helped create such a personality-driven contest. If he loses, as they think he will, they wondered if the damage might be localized to him rather than have wider repercussions. But Coretta, a 45-year-old Las Vegas mother of five children who said she is uncertain how she’ll vote, believes Trump has been toxic. “I think he’s helped guarantee that the Republican Party is finished,” she said. As majorities of participants in the two focus groups predicted Trump would fall short, they also wondered if he could have defeated Clinton had he been less absorbed with himself. “I hope he’s humbled by the whole thing,” said 29-year-old China, an African-American mother of three children in Las Vegas. “We need to be encouraged to be our best, not for him to be his best,” said Nevada mom Phelicia, 40, referring to all Americans. Some focus group couples in Charlotte said they’d arrived at their preferences for Clinton or Trump as protest votes, or as second choices (after Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders lost, and GOP Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ted Cruz of Texas dropped out). Torry, 48, an African-American who said he voted early in North Carolina for Trump, noted he had been a Sanders admirer during the primaries. His significant other, Dontressa, 43, backs Clinton with enthusiasm. The couple watched the presidential debates, but on separate TVs in different rooms of their house. Allison, 34, the mother of three children, is white and a Trump supporter in Charlotte who also said she began the presidential contest as a Sanders backer. Her husband, Jose, who was born in Mexico and became a U.S. citizen, said he plans to vote for Clinton. Allison joked that the former secretary of state should be in jail, while her husband said Clinton should be in the White House. “I think she’s the best candidate,” Jose explained, noting that Trump’s disparagement of Mexicans as rapists and criminals slammed a door for him. Asked how he and his wife would resolve their different views going forward, he replied, “We’re adults. We don’t cross a line.” Alexis Simendinger covers the White House for RealClearPolitics. She can be reached at asimendinger@realclearpolitics.com. Follow her on Twitter @ASimendinger. Related Topics: Swing State Voters, Election 2016 Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ©2016 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Money Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development You are here: ET Home›Small Biz›Money market stats SENSEX NaN NIFTY 50 NaN GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) NaN USD/INR Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Walmart's investment in Flipkart might run into trouble By Pranbihanga Borpuzari, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | Updated: Oct 26, 2016, 03.31 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » WalMart Stores Inc | Sachin Bansal | Myntra | Jeff Bezos | Jabong | Flipkart | Binny Bansal Publicly available data shows Flipkart has raised about $3.2 billion in funding over 12 rounds from 16 investors. Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of Flipkart, Sachin Bansal had earlier said the company has not thought of listing on the bourses. Investment by the world's biggest retailer Walmart Stores Inc in Flipkart seems to have run into trouble with sources stating the deal is facing hiccups. Walmart was in talks with Flipkart to invest between $750 million and $1 billion for a minority stake. Late last month, reports surfaced about Walmart looking to pick up an equity stake in Flipkart. Both Flipkart and Walmart have a common competitor in the form of Amazon and a strategic deal made sense. According to sources, financial number issues have cropped up putting a spanner in the works of the deal. On Tuesday Flipkart's Chief Financial Officer Sanjay Baweja abruptly quit the company, less than two years of joining India's largest e-commerce marketplace. Flipkart had a successful sale season this year and it is widely believed to have done better than Amazon in sales. However, Flipkart has been looking for funding for some time now and the latest setback can prove to be difficult for the company. Sources add the doors are not entirely shut, but at the moment the deal looks difficult. Walmart spokesperson in a statement said, "As a policy, we don't comment on speculative reports." We have reached out to Flipkart for a comment and will update the story when we receive a reply. Flipkart is going through a revamp after it saw a slew of top management exits this year. Current CEO Binny Bansal and the head of category management, Kalyan Krishnamurthy, are locked in a battle for supremacy with Amazon. The recent Big Billion Days sale was successful for the company and it says it has seen a 30% improvement in revenue on business as usual days. In July this year Flipkart-owned Myntra acquired fashion e-tailer Jabong from the troubled Rocket Internet. Jabong was allegedly facing corporate governance issues when it was acquired. Walmart, on the other hand, is keen on expanding in the ecommerce sector and not alien to investments. The company has invested in China's second largest marketplace, JD.com and in August acquired the US-based Jet.com for about $3.3 billion. Walmart had earlier tried to establish a footprint in India, but a bribery scandal in Mexico and other differences let to a breakup of a joint venture with Bharti Enterprises. Publicly available data shows Flipkart has raised about $3.2 billion in funding over 12 rounds from 16 investors. Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of Flipkart, Sachin Bansal had earlier said the company has not thought of listing on the bourses. In contrast, Jeff Bezos has poured $3 billion in Amazon India, taking the overall investment pledge to $5 billion in the last two years. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai The Master's Degree Designed for Intelligence Professionals Georgetown University This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Tsunami hits New Zealand after powerful 7.8 earthquake SBI to calibrate 1,000 ATMs for Rs 2,000 notes by Monday Google moves to restrict ads on fake news sites From Around the Web More from The Economic Times How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi I Stopped Paying for "Pink Razors" and Joined Dollar Shave.. Dollar Shave Club Maryland’s Mega-House Will Leave You In Awe. Who Owns It.. Now Buzz Top 10 Most-Anticipated Superyachts Coming to the 2016 Mon.. Robb Report Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in US US joining AIIB under Donald Trump would be "good": China Donald Trump may announce Cabinet appointments this week Holy Quran bats for gender rights: MJ Akbar READ MORE ON » WalMart Stores Inc | Sachin Bansal | Myntra | Jeff Bezos | Jabong | Flipkart | Binny Bansal Follow this section for latest news on Money EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented These are India's fastest growing tech companies Wearables for cows: How Stellapps Technologies is 'Milking' its way to success Why ed-tech firm GreyCampus is India's fastest growing technology company Can a bunch of co-living startups change the way Indian singles live? IIM Bangalore joins hands with Goldman Sachs to launch programme for women entrepreneurs More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Money Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development You are here: ET Home›Small Biz›Money market stats SENSEX NaN NIFTY 50 NaN GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) NaN USD/INR Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Walmart's investment in Flipkart might run into trouble By Pranbihanga Borpuzari, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | Updated: Oct 26, 2016, 03.31 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » WalMart Stores Inc | Sachin Bansal | Myntra | Jeff Bezos | Jabong | Flipkart | Binny Bansal Publicly available data shows Flipkart has raised about $3.2 billion in funding over 12 rounds from 16 investors. Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of Flipkart, Sachin Bansal had earlier said the company has not thought of listing on the bourses. Investment by the world's biggest retailer Walmart Stores Inc in Flipkart seems to have run into trouble with sources stating the deal is facing hiccups. Walmart was in talks with Flipkart to invest between $750 million and $1 billion for a minority stake. Late last month, reports surfaced about Walmart looking to pick up an equity stake in Flipkart. Both Flipkart and Walmart have a common competitor in the form of Amazon and a strategic deal made sense. According to sources, financial number issues have cropped up putting a spanner in the works of the deal. On Tuesday Flipkart's Chief Financial Officer Sanjay Baweja abruptly quit the company, less than two years of joining India's largest e-commerce marketplace. Flipkart had a successful sale season this year and it is widely believed to have done better than Amazon in sales. However, Flipkart has been looking for funding for some time now and the latest setback can prove to be difficult for the company. Sources add the doors are not entirely shut, but at the moment the deal looks difficult. Walmart spokesperson in a statement said, "As a policy, we don't comment on speculative reports." We have reached out to Flipkart for a comment and will update the story when we receive a reply. Flipkart is going through a revamp after it saw a slew of top management exits this year. Current CEO Binny Bansal and the head of category management, Kalyan Krishnamurthy, are locked in a battle for supremacy with Amazon. The recent Big Billion Days sale was successful for the company and it says it has seen a 30% improvement in revenue on business as usual days. In July this year Flipkart-owned Myntra acquired fashion e-tailer Jabong from the troubled Rocket Internet. Jabong was allegedly facing corporate governance issues when it was acquired. Walmart, on the other hand, is keen on expanding in the ecommerce sector and not alien to investments. The company has invested in China's second largest marketplace, JD.com and in August acquired the US-based Jet.com for about $3.3 billion. Walmart had earlier tried to establish a footprint in India, but a bribery scandal in Mexico and other differences let to a breakup of a joint venture with Bharti Enterprises. Publicly available data shows Flipkart has raised about $3.2 billion in funding over 12 rounds from 16 investors. Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of Flipkart, Sachin Bansal had earlier said the company has not thought of listing on the bourses. In contrast, Jeff Bezos has poured $3 billion in Amazon India, taking the overall investment pledge to $5 billion in the last two years. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai The Master's Degree Designed for Intelligence Professionals Georgetown University This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Tsunami hits New Zealand after powerful 7.8 earthquake SBI to calibrate 1,000 ATMs for Rs 2,000 notes by Monday Google moves to restrict ads on fake news sites From Around the Web More from The Economic Times How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi I Stopped Paying for "Pink Razors" and Joined Dollar Shave.. Dollar Shave Club Maryland’s Mega-House Will Leave You In Awe. Who Owns It.. Now Buzz Top 10 Most-Anticipated Superyachts Coming to the 2016 Mon.. Robb Report Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in US Note ban: Congress to hold anti-Modi protests in Telangana US joining AIIB under Donald Trump would be "good": China Donald Trump may announce Cabinet appointments this week READ MORE ON » WalMart Stores Inc | Sachin Bansal | Myntra | Jeff Bezos | Jabong | Flipkart | Binny Bansal Follow this section for latest news on Money EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented These are India's fastest growing tech companies Wearables for cows: How Stellapps Technologies is 'Milking' its way to success Why ed-tech firm GreyCampus is India's fastest growing technology company Can a bunch of co-living startups change the way Indian singles live? IIM Bangalore joins hands with Goldman Sachs to launch programme for women entrepreneurs More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»WAL-MART AKTIE»MoneyGram And Walmart Launch New Walmart2Walmart Mexico Product WAL-MART STORES INC 65,86  Euro -0,274 -0,41 % WKN: 860853  ISIN: US9311421039 Ticker-Symbol: WMT  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 18:48 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 65,96 66,16 19:22 65,98 66,09 19:22 26.10.2016 | 05:44 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News MoneyGram And Walmart Launch New Walmart2Walmart Mexico Product BENTONVILLE (dpa-AFX) - MoneyGram (MGI) announced a new cross border money transfer product for Walmart customers sending from any U.S. Walmart location to any Walmart Mexico location. Walmart2Walmart Mexico powered by MoneyGram is a new service that offers customers a $6.50 transfer fee when sending between $51 to $800. Customers can send money from over 4,500 Walmart locations in the U.S. to more than 1,250 Walmart locations in Mexico; including all Bodega Aurrera, Mi Bodega Aurrera, and Superama locations. Separately, with the recent expansion of Walmart's white-label U.S.-to-U.S. funds transfer product into higher transaction bands, MoneyGram is adjusting its money transfer pricing structure in these bands for U.S.-to-U.S. transactions originated at Walmart. The new pricing structure provides customers with a flat fee for all transfers between $900 and $2,500. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MONEYGRAM INTERNATIONAL INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 08:19 Highest Future Earnings Growth in the Data Processing & Outsourced Services Industry Detected in Shares of MoneyGram International ► Artikel lesen 07.11. MoneyGram baut Dienstleistungen zum Bargeldtransfer auf Bankkonten auf den Philippinen aus BPI-Kunden können Geldtransfers jetzt auch direkt aufs Bankkonto erhalten Manila, Philippinen (ots/PRNewswire) - MoneyGram (http://www.moneygram.com/) verkündete heute die Unterzeichnung einer Partnerschaftsvereinbarung... ► Artikel lesen 04.11. MoneyGram International Inc. Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research ► Artikel lesen 04.11. MoneyGram Extends Cash to Account Footprint in the Philippines BPI's customers can now receive money directly to bank accounts MANILA, Philippines, Nov. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- MoneyGram announced today the signing of a partnership agreement with Bank of... ► Artikel lesen 04.11. BRIEF-MoneyGram says extends cash to account footprint in Philippines ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu WAL-MART STORES INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:52 JD.com finds profit still elusive despite closer ties with Wal-Mart ► Artikel lesen 18:39 Sheet cheats: Indian textile firm and Walmart being sued for fake Egyptian cotton linen claims ► Artikel lesen 18:26 Wal-Mart, Target Get High Marks for Disclosing Chemicals in Products ► Artikel lesen 17:48 Walmart Is Selling This Award-Winning Wine for $7 ► Artikel lesen 16:26 Kellogg Cozies Up to Wal-Mart in Bid to Overcome Cereal Slump ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MONEYGRAM INTERNATIONAL INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MONEYGRAM INTERNATIONAL INC 9,065 +1,50 % WAL-MART STORES INC 65,86 -0,41 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Frux Home and Yard is pleased to announce they are now live on Walmart.com.   View as PDF  Print View    Frux Home and Yard has been working closely with Walmart.com and are proud to announce that they are now operating and live on Walmart.com. October 25, 2016 /MM-prReach/ -- Walmart.com is now featuring a large supply of Frux Home and Yard products. As of now buyers can purchase Fairy Star Lights, Luxe Extendable Fairy Star Light Set 78ft set, Luxe Extensions Only Set, Tea Lights with Luminaries, Tea Lights with Wraps, and their 3-piece Pillar Candle Set all online through Walmart.com. Walmart online first launched in 2009 and planned to add 1 million items per month to the marketplace, and Frux Home and Yard's lighting has jumped in early on this. Walmart is mostly known as selling general merchandise at a significant discount, but it plans on selling a wider and fastly growing selection of products from brands like Frux Home and Yard. These new additions online aren't carried in store yet but still offers at their well known Everyday Low Price Deals. The Fairy Star Lights are one of Frux Home and Yards top selling products. These Fairy Star Lights are said to be a lovely addition to any home buyers report using them for special events as they add ambient lighting�to their home year round. Frux Home and Yard's quality Tea lights with luminaries and Tea Lights with wraps make any room magical. Customers report using them to decorate their driveways, center-pieces for tables or even for events such as baby showers and weddings. Frux Home and Yards 3-piece Pillar Candle Set will be available as well. This beautiful set also comes with a remote control that has a 4-hour and 8-hour timer function and can be set to flicker for a more real appeal or provide a unique decorative option�by staying in steady light mode. Now, the Frux Home and Yard collection are available for purchase on Walmart.com, the second most visited online marketplace in the U.S. as well as Amazon. Walmart.com will soon be adding Frux Home and Yards White Lunaxia Nylon Lantern String Lights as well as the Multi-colored Nylon String Lights. These lights are completely waterproof and safe to use outdoors. The Lantern string lights are ideal for the patio, on the railings, around the pool deck or lighting a walkway. Walmart.com will also soon feature Frux Home and Yards Decorative Votive wraps. The beautiful set of Decorative Wraps can transform your ordinary tea lights into elegant decor perfect for any occasion and with seven colors to choose from they are suitable for any event. Buyers are welcome to see the Frux Home and Yard line at Walmart.com, with enhanced product pages that feature videos and detailed information on their products. Frux Home and Yard is very excited to be branching out and to reach new customers. If buyers would like to purchase these products they can buy directly�from Frux Home and Yard, Amazon, eBay, Etsy and now Walmart.com. Contact Info: Name: Mike MacDonald Email: media@fruxhomeandyard.com Phone: 1-888-410-2340 Organization: Frux Home and Yard Source: http://www.prreach.com/pr/26533 Release ID: 141074 Recent Press Releases By The Same User 50 Assorted Art Drawing Pencils By Colore Is Now Available On Amazon (Tue 15th Nov 16) Water Bottle Infuser From Ionox Available in More Colors (Tue 15th Nov 16) Digital Tire Pressure Gauge Released by Ionox (Tue 15th Nov 16) Biosimilars market is growing at a CAGR of 22.1% from 2015 to 2020 (Tue 15th Nov 16) Cubavana Cuban Restaurant & Caf� in Miami Now offering Cuban Cuisine Catering (Tue 15th Nov 16) Cloud Migration Services Market Projected to Reach 7.06 Billion USD by 2021 (Tue 15th Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe or follow us on: News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home Press Releases Waste Management Previous Next How2Recycle membership jumps thanks to Walmart private label suppliers Published by GreenBlue Org Wednesday 26 October 2016 Share The How2Recycle Label has jumped in membership numbers thanks to the support of Walmart. This year, the retail giant has encouraged its private label suppliers to use labeling that helps consumers understand how to recycle their product. By joining How2Recycle, suppliers are able to use the program’s on-package recycling label to communicate to consumers how to recycle different types of packaging. “We believe a best practice is to use labeling that helps customers recycle, such as the How2Recycle label, to communicate the recyclability of a package. The How2Recycle label is also a great conversational tool between merchants and suppliers to discuss if a package is designed with recyclability in mind.” Jack Pestello, SVP, Private Brands, Walmart U.S. The How2Recycle label now has over 55 members, and is growing steadily. Consumers should expect to see the label on select Great Value and Equate products in the coming months. “We cannot understate the importance of the support of retailers like Walmart in the How2Recycle program, who are leveraging their influence in the supply chain to make a true difference to support the accuracy of recycling claims,” says Kelly Cramer, Senior Manager at Sustainable Packaging Coalition. “We very much look forward to welcoming more suppliers to How2Recycle in the near future.” ABOUT HOW2RECYCLE The How2Recycle Label is a U.S.-based standardized labeling system that clearly communicates recycling instructions to the public. How2Recycle is a project of the Sustainable Packaging Coalition®, a membership-based group that brings together business, educational institutions, and government agencies to collectively broaden the understanding of packaging sustainability and develop meaningful improvements for packaging solutions. For more information, follow us on Twitter @How2Recycle or go to our website at www.How2Recycle.info. Share Topics Waste Regions United States Tags consumer products recycling waste Advertisement Advertisement Most popular Carbon & Climate The United States faces a polarising climate reality The United States faces a polarising climate reality Carbon & Climate Collect Earth: Google and FAO launch new forest tool Collect Earth: Google and FAO launch new forest tool Transport Why the bottom of the pyramid needs electric cars...now Why the bottom of the pyramid needs electric cars...now View all news Industry Spotlight Policy & Finance Eaton: Innovating to stay ahead of the game Eaton: Innovating to stay ahead of the game Energy The European way to green energy in Southeast Asia The European way to green energy in Southeast Asia CSR Why sustainability standards are important for India’s growth Why sustainability standards are important for India’s growth View all Feature Series Smart homes for the future Future-proofing Asian cities the smart way Future-proofing Asian cities the smart way Powering Asia Pacific's Solar Revolution Conergy: Sparking the Philippines' solar power revolution Conergy: Sparking the Philippines' solar power revolution International Green Building Conference 2016 7 ideas for greener, healthier living 7 ideas for greener, healthier living View all Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2016
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Texas Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Beware! Blackbirds seen invading Walmart parking lot in viral video Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1576199" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Invasion of birds seen around Houston-area, Elissa Rivas reports. KTRK Thursday, October 27, 2016 HOUSTON (KTRK) -- A northwest Houston Walmart parking looked like a scene from Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds." The sea of black has created quite the view in the parking lot near Hollister and Tidwell Road. "Unbelievable! Invasion of the blackbirds," Tami Denny said. Denny posted a video on Facebook of the blackbirds, which as been shared over 81,000 times. WATCH: Viral Facebook video of birds invading NW Houston Walmart parking lot You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1576275" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Raw video: Blackbirds invade Walmart parking lot. Denny says she's seen the blackbirds in other places across Houston. "I have seen this before at Walmart, but I've also seen it at Neiman Marcus, the Galleria and they used to be down in Saks," she said. RELATED: Kittens take center stage in horror movie reenactments You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1574369" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Adorable kittens recreate classic horror films, including "The Purrds" Hannah Bailey is in charge of the bird collection at the Houston Zoo and says the blackbirds gather in large groups to find food, search for warmth as the season changes, and for safety. "They are part of our environment and help with insect control throughout our area, so while they might be messing up your car, remember they are eating bugs and mosquitoes, so be happy for that," Bailey added. Related Topics: newsbirdsviral videowalmartHouston Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Escaped Murder Suspect Who Fled Through Open Door in Missouri Back in Custody Delay of House Democrat Leadership Elections Could Benefit Potential Challengers Obama Says Trump Told Him He Would Support NATO, After Threats to Abandon It HCSO: Robbers fatally shoot 4-year-old over mom's purse Obama Says He Knew Americans Were Angry Before Election More News Top Stories HCSO: Robbers fatally shoot 4-year-old over mom's purse Own your own 'castle' for less than $300,000 Bishops elect Houston's Cardinal to nation's top post Ben Carson will not accept a position in Trump's Cabinet United aims at budget travelers Some couples turn to black market for fertility drugs Alleged gunman identified in Northwest Mall double murder Show More Officials removed for racist FLOTUS Facebook post Students defy principal by wearing camo to Klein Oak HS Bruno Mars announces world tour and Houston show Teen cop helps capture chase suspect in Conroe Police: Woman, child lived with tigers, 'vicious' monkeys More News Top Video Own your own 'castle' for less than $300,000 United aims at budget travelers Alleged gunman identified in Northwest Mall double murder Teen cop helps capture chase suspect in Conroe More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Texas Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Texas Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Texas Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Salon Home News news Steve Bannon runs an anti-Semitic website, is a misogynist and will be one of Donald Trump's senior advisers Matthew Rozsa Donald Trump is unprepared to be president and doesn't even know how the West Wing works Matthew Rozsa Donald Trump's presidential fantasy involves plotting revenge on his rivals Taylor Link Politics politics 2016 Elections Steve Bannon runs an anti-Semitic website, is a misogynist and will be one of Donald Trump's senior advisers Matthew Rozsa Yep, race really did Trump economics: A data dive on his supporters reveals deep racial animosity Sean McElwee Donald Trump is unprepared to be president and doesn't even know how the West Wing works Matthew Rozsa Entertainment entertainment Books Movies Music TV WATCH: Hillary Clinton sings Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" in "SNL" tearjerker cold open Salon Staff WATCH: Dave Chappelle pledges to give Donald Trump a chance in genius "SNL" monologue Salon Staff Michael Moore wants to lead an anti-Donald Trump resistance "that will dwarf Occupy Wall Street" Brendan Gauthier Life life Life Stories Love & Sex Parenting An open letter to the “Ivanka voters” I grew up with: I hope you get what you want Erin Keane The cable company's cruel intentions: My mother had a stroke, and Comcast wouldn’t let us cancel her account Erik Lundegaard My grandma, torn between Trump and Bernie, has something to tell us Julie Sokolow Business business Wall Street Finance Labor #DrainTheSwamp: Steven Mnuchin, ex-Goldman Sachs banker, tapped to run Treasury Matthew Rozsa Technology in Trumpland: The President-elect's plans to shake up the tech world Larry Greenemeier, Scientific American Faith no more: Trump jitters have the normally stable U.S. bond market in convulsions Matthew Rozsa Innovation innovation "Westworld" is woke: Just like on the HBO show, technology is widening the gulf between haves and have-nots Catherine Baab-Muguira You make me want to nuke: The nuclear option may be the best environmental option too Diane Stopyra Morning becomes electric: Can the Chevy Bolt wake the average American up to the advantages of electric cars? Angelo Young Video video Log out Sign in Thursday, Oct 27, 2016 10:28 PM UTC Walmart is shortening holiday lines by adding temporary “holiday helpers” Walmart has had success by paying attention to customer service, and want to make the holiday rush less stressful Matthew Rozsa Share WhatsApp Post 0 All Share Services Topics: Business, Holiday helpers, holiday shopping, Walmart, Business News, News (Credit: Shutterstock) Walmart is adding so-called “holiday helpers” to its 4,500 American stores for the holiday season. In what is perhaps an effort to continue improving its chronically weak customer satisfaction scores, Walmart is inviting employees to be “holiday helpers” by wearing yellow vests, Santa hats, and red sashes and assist consumers in reducing check out time. Their responsibilities will include helping patrons find the shortest lines, unload shopping carts, working the cash registers, and retrieving items customers may have intended to buy but forgot to pick up. “The Holiday Helpers are actually a great combination of a little bit of retail-tainment to bring fun back into the store, and it serves an incredibly practical purpose,” said Walmart U.S. Chief Operating Officer Judith McKenna to Fortune during a press briefing on Wednesday in Teterboro, New Jersey. “That’s the #1 thing that customers told us; they want faster checkout.” Walmart has had considerable business success by improving its customer service. After learning that shoppers complained about slow checkouts, Walmart decided to add more cashiers. When that resulted in a rise in sales (which has now lasted for eight consecutive quarters), they doubled down on emphasizing customer service, from bringing back its door-greeters to spending $3 billion on raising store workers’ paychecks. Despite its recent successes, Walmart still has an unsavory reputation among progressive communities. It has been particularly criticized for pushing out local businesses and mistreating its own employees, particularly through inadequate pay and unsafe working conditions.  Matthew Rozsa is a Ph.D. student in history at Lehigh University and a political columnist. His editorials have been published on Salon, The Good Men Project, Mic, MSNBC, and various college newspapers and blogs. For a full review of all his published work, visit matthewrozsa.com. More Matthew Rozsa. Comments Loading Comments... Powered by Livefyre brought to you by Most Read An open letter to the “Ivanka voters” I grew up with: I hope you get what you want Erin Keane WATCH: Hillary Clinton sings Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" in "SNL" tearjerker cold open Salon Staff Steve Bannon runs an anti-Semitic website, is a misogynist and will be one of Donald Trump's senior advisers Matthew Rozsa Yep, race really did Trump economics: A data dive on his supporters reveals deep racial animosity Sean McElwee Donald Trump is unprepared to be president and doesn't even know how the West Wing works Matthew Rozsa Donald Trump's presidential fantasy involves plotting revenge on his rivals Taylor Link The cable company's cruel intentions: My mother had a stroke, and Comcast wouldn’t let us cancel her account Erik Lundegaard How did we get here? Largely by way of Bill Clinton, Barack Obama and the big GOP victories of 1994 and 2010 Paul Rosenberg WATCH: Dave Chappelle pledges to give Donald Trump a chance in genius "SNL" monologue Salon Staff China will soon trump America: The country is now the global leader in climate change reform Valerie Volcovici and Sue-Lin Wong, Climate Central My grandma, torn between Trump and Bernie, has something to tell us Julie Sokolow Obamacare — back from the dead? Why Donald Trump doesn't dare pull the plug on the ACA Bob Cesca Robert Reich: Why we need a new Democratic Party now Robert Reich Donald Trump is going to appear on Alex Jones' "InfoWars" Taylor Link Denying climate change is only part of it: 5 ways Donald Trump spells doom for the environment Reynard Loki, AlterNet ✕ video About | Advertising | Contact | Corrections | Help | Investor Relations | Privacy | Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Salon Media Group, Inc. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon Media Group Inc. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Shark Bites: As Market Calms Down, Time to Shift Gears DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Walmart Unveils Online Holiday Strategy Walmart shares traded higher after the company unveiled a new strategy to offer more online items for same-day pickup during the holiday season. Tony Owusu Oct 27, 2016 3:25 PM EDT Walmart ( WMT) shares were up slightly on heavy volume Thursday after the big-box retailer unveiled its plans for the holiday season. The company will make tens of thousands more items from its online inventory available for same-day pickup. Walmart has made a concerted effort in recent months to steal online market share back from Growth Seeker holding Amazon by purchasing Jet.com for $3 billion and revamping its website. The company also said it will focus on making in-store checkouts faster. If you liked this article you might like Buffett, Once Bitten, Is No Longer Shy When It Comes to Airlines Even the Oracle of Omaha can change his mind: Warren Buffett's conglomerate has moved back into airline stocks, with stakes in American, United Continental and Delta. Plus, what Cramer thinks. Valerie Young Nov 15, 2016 12:55 PM EST Food Retailers Don't Look Very Tasty Sector faces price deflation and a tough challenge from Wal-Mart. Bob O'Brien Nov 15, 2016 11:24 AM EST Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Buys Stakes in Shares of U.S. Airlines United, Delta, American and Southwest are new holdings for Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. Rhonda Schaffler Nov 15, 2016 9:53 AM EST Target: You Win Some, You Lose Too Many On eve of earnings, successes overshadowed by losing ground to Walmart. Brian Sozzi Nov 15, 2016 8:47 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Jim Cramer on the Dow Jones Industrial Average's Surge With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Here's Why Some UPS Workers May Be Going on Strike as Holiday Shopping Season Begins 6 Stocks to Buy When Donald Trump Is President Icahn Alters Energy Bets by Exiting Chesapeake and Transocean Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
About Us Our People Advertising News Sports Shows WV Poll Outdoors Prison time in Walmart fire case SC Police Robert Rogers, shown here in a surveillance image, set fire to the Southridge Walmart March 2. Share Article By Jeff Jenkins in News | October 27, 2016 at 1:11PM CHARLESTON, W.Va. — A Kentucky man who set fire to the Southridge Walmart in South Charleston earlier this year was sentenced Thursday to prison time. Robert Rogers, 41, was ordered to spend three years and seven months in prison after September guilty pleas to third degree arson and grand larceny charges. Rogers was arrested March 2 in Logan County hours after he set fire in the sporting goods section of the store to draw attention away from the jewelry counter where he was stealing items worth $2,600. Surveillance video put Rogers in several parts of the store before the fire. The fire closed a section of the store and impacted everyone who worked there, Southridge Walmart Manager George Skinner said. “It negatively effected the “My Share Bonus” of the 450 associates financially, including myself, that we didn’t make up that money on.  You know we’re never going to get that back.  And, you know, given some of those associates, basically a week’s worth of pay they weren’t able to get,” Skinner said Thursday. South Charleston Police Sgt. Pat Rader previously said the fire was significant. “It was luck our fire department got there as quickly as they did and put it out as quickly as they did,” he said. “It could have been much, much worse.” Kanawha County Circuit Judge Tod Kaufman handed down Thursday’s sentence. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Jeff Jenkins jjenkins@wvradio.com @JeffJenkinsMN The award-winning native of Pratt, W.Va, took over as head of the news division of MetroNews in August 2000. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Comments Most Popular County development official who likened first lady to 'ape' loses her job Manchin calls Reid's statement on Trump "an absolute embarrassment" No progress re-opening Elkview mall, and owner now claims DOH is responsible for bridge Man charged with murder of missing Lincoln County woman High school football quarterfinal playoff matchups, dates, times © 2016 West Virginia MetroNews Network 1111 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 Powered by Advertise with Us Contact Careers EEO Affiliates Intranet Privacy Policy Subscribe to Email Alerts Mobile Site Latest Newscasts News | Sports Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Supermarket News Search: Buy SN Research Digital Edition About Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Retail & Financial Online Retail Executive Changes Laws & Regulations Marketing Recommended Reading Store Design & Construction Issues & Trends The New Consumer Food Safety Health & Wellness Sustainability Organic & Natural Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Publix Ahold Delhaize Product Categories Bakery Beverage Center Store Dairy Deli Prepared Foods Meat Multicultural Nonfood & Pharmacy Private Label Produce & Floral Seafood Rankings & Research Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents Top 25 Global Retailers Disruptors 2015 SN Awards SN Research Upcoming Events White Papers & Studies Advertisement Home > Sponsored Content > NEW CEO Joan Toth to step down at end of year NEW CEO Joan Toth to step down at end of year Oct 26, 2016 EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The SN editorial department was not involved in the creation of this content. Advertisement Joan Toth, president and CEO of the Network of Executive Women, has announced that she will leave the organization effective December 31. NEW has started a search for her successor. "After growing NEW from a fledgling organization with a handful of members and partners to the great organization it is today, it’s time to move on to the next chapter of my career,” Toth said. "I will stay on through the end of the year to ensure a smooth transition.” "As a founding leader of NEW, Joan leaves a remarkable legacy,” said NEW Board Chair Karen Stuckey, senior vice president, private brands, general merchandise, Walmart US, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. "During her 15 years, Joan's passion for the recruitment, retention and development of women leaders in the retail and consumer goods industry galvanized a movement. She built a strong and growing organization representing 10,000 members, more than 100 corporate sponsors and 20 regional groups across North America.” Toth has been with NEW since its founding in 2001, serving first as the organization’s elected secretary. She was named executive director in 2002 and appointed to the new post of president and CEO in 2011. "Future is bright” Toth said the "timing is right.” NEW has been highly successful in its mission over the past 15 years. NEW learning, proprietary research and other programs have been expanded, she noted. "Our base is very strong and NEW’s future has been secured with the launch of our Future Fund capital campaign.” Thanks to Toth, "NEW's future is bright,” Stuckey said. "After setting the organization up for  success with our NEW 2020 initiative and Future Fund campaign, Joan has well prepared us for the next chapter of our growth. "On behalf of the membership, board and alumni of NEW, we are grateful to Joan for her unwavering commitment to women in our industry,” Stuckey said. Earlier in her career, Toth launched Go-To-Market Strategies, a retail industry consulting firm, and led development activities for the retail/food industry publications of Bill Communications. Prior roles include vice president and publisher of Convenience Store News and group publisher of the retail and distribution publications of Macfadden Trade Communications. She is active in Sister Cities International.  Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 0 Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your Supermarket News ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles Sanders Steps Down as United Supermarkets CEO   NEW Revamps Officer Structure   EXECUTIVE CHANGES: BOYER TO STEP DOWN AS CO-CEO OF MEIJER...SPROUTS NAMES NEW COO, VP IN REORGANIZATION...MICHIGAN UNION LOCAL NAMES NEW PRESIDENT   EXECUTIVE CHANGES: AHOLD NAMES GABRYS EVP, PROMOTES LABBE...RAND NAMED EVP-WHOLESALE OPERATIONS AT AWG...ARDEN CFO OLIVER TO STEP DOWN AT END OF MARCH   EXECUTIVE CHANGES: AHOLD NAMES GABRYS EVP, PROMOTES LABBE...RAND NAMED EVP-WHOLESALE OPERATIONS AT AWG...ARDEN CFO OLIVER TO STEP DOWN AT END OF MARCH   Latest News Stater Bros.' Brown dies at 78 Chris Wallace prognosticates on Trump presidency Hy-Vee finds skimmers on 3 store ATMs Fresh Thyme goes from zero to 900 SKUs Video: Tour the newest Randalls more Advertisement Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Albertsons Publix Ahold USA Delhaize America Editor's Choice Reimagining Center Store    Value-added and natural offerings drive pork sales    Retailers play up citrus    Wegmans, Price Chopper see benefits in full-service restaurants    How bad can it get for Whole Foods?    Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Featured Products SN Top 75 List 2016 PDF BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Top 75 list. SN Fresh Foods Survey 2016 BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Fresh Foods Survey. SN Center Store Survey 2016 BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Center Store Survey. View CatalogView Shopping Cart Advertisement Navigate SupermarketNews.com News Top Retailers Product Categories Rankings & Research Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Contact Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Search SupermarketNews.com Search: Supermarket News Penton Media Food Group and Related Sites NewHope360 MeetingsNet Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Home Weather 78° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 19 weather alerts Close Score A Football Party Win with P&G P&G Products help you have the best bash on the block, and clean up freakishly fast! GREAT DAY HOUSTON STAFF , KHOU 11:42 AM. CDT October 27, 2016 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST For more information on the P&G Products available at Walmart, visit www.Walmart.com/PartyOnMom.   For YOUR chance to WIN a bag full of trusted P&G products available at Walmart, and for more information on Paul and his Money Saving Blog, visit www.iheartthemart.com .      (© 2016 KHOU) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS 4-year-old killed as mom is robbed Search for missing mother from Spring Mother accused of stashing exotic animals Woman accused of punching police horse faces judge HISD trustee's tweet compares Trump to Hitler Cy-Fair ISD teacher charged with sexual assault How Trump's immigration plan impacts Houston Trump gives first interview since winning presidential election More Stories Bishops elect Houston's Cardinal Daniel DiNardo to… Nov 15, 2016, 9:17 a.m. Robbers kill little girl, wound sibling and mom Nov 14, 2016, 9:11 p.m. Family disturbance, shooting kills 1 near Katy Nov 15, 2016, 10:05 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Education October 27, 2016 12:30 PM Walmart wants local elementary students to learn how to eat better Posted by Rebecca Lurye rlurye@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Elementary schools and a YMCA in Beaufort County are among 24 nonprofits statewide to receive portions of $360,000 in funding from Walmart and the Walmart Foundation to support hunger relief and healthy eating. Ten of the Beaufort County School District’s elementary school received $2,500 a piece through the Chef Ann Foundation to help increase participation in the Department of Defense’s Fruit and Vegetable program. Nationwide, Chef Ann Foundation grants will provide nutrition education to 35,000 children this year. The YMCA in Port Royal also received a $43,000 grant to support a year-long meal program. Nationwide, similar grants will provide 15 million meals to 480,000 children. Related content Walmart wants local elementary students to learn how to eat better LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Education Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:18 'No official findings': chamber president on fire at Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building Pause 0:56 Drive-in rules to live by 1:12 Investigators pore over the scene of the fire at the black chamber of commerce 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 1:39 Bakari Sellers, on Hilton Head, talks President-elect Trump: 'Democrats stayed at home' 1:10 Conroy reading buffs: When you read his books, 'you are there' 0:39 Sallie Ann Robinson recalls press tour with Pat Conroy 0:20 I've been watching river baptisms since I was four 0:57 This is the healing water 1:51 'Whatever they were able to grow from the ground and bring in off the ocean.' 100 years of Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Church Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Holy Trinity's Feed the Need effort to help the hurricane victims in Haiti 1:11 5 days ago Holy Trinity's Feed the Need effort to help the hurricane victims in Haiti 2:49 11 days ago Beaufort County schools change Hurricane Matthew makeup days, again 1:58 11 days ago The Beaufort County Schools referendum, simplified View more video Looking for this? Live traffic cameras Latest BCDC arrests New! Property transfers HS football scores Restaurant inspections NEW! Puzzles & Games Local/state salaries HHI's best 18 golf holes 2016 election news BCSD bus routes SPORTS: Tap an icon, or here for more scores: High school | College | NFL PGA | LPGA | Web.com | European | Champions Click/tap here for print-style late scores Looking for box scores and other late results in print format? We've got you covered if you're looking for box scores and other late sports results that missed the printed newspaper because of early deadlines. One option is to click the icons above for sports scores and stats from our partners at Stats.com. If you prefer traditional print agate, our Sports Extra pages, formatted like traditional printed sports results, are for you. To find the Sports Extra: Open either The Island Packet or The Beaufort Gazette e-Edition (free to print and digital subscribers) and look for the Sports Extra icon () in the top menu. If you're using an iPhone or other smartphone, or an iPad in portrait view, you'll find the Sports Extra pages in the menu at the upper right (look for the symbol). Close Education Islands Academy students transferred off disabled, smoking school bus Computer animation and coding win innovation award for Bluffton Elementary River Ridge Academy’s principal may be getting some statewide recognition Holy Trinity's Feed the Need effort to help the hurricane victims in Haiti Beaufort County voters have approved school bond referendums before. What went wrong? Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Clothing Keeps Getting Cheaper, and Factory Workers Are Paying the Price Three years after the Rana Plaza disaster, work conditions are still substandard. Vauhini Vara Subscribe Reprints October 27, 2016 — 11:45 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Relatives hold photos of workers missing in the Rana Plaza collapse. Photographer: Xinhua/Polaris Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp In April 2013, when the Rana Plaza building in Bangladesh crumbled and killed more than a thousand garment workers, Western clothing executives were chastened. They were the ones, after all, who’d been pressuring Bangladesh’s apparel factories to cheaply reproduce runway trends for consumers in the U.S. and Europe who’d grown used to $10 dresses. Following the accident, H&M, Zara, Walmart, Gap, and other major brands announced they’d fund and oversee factory inspections in Bangladesh, demanding improvements from facilities that fell short and cutting off business with those that didn’t get better. Bangladesh, with the help of the United Nations’ International Labour Organization (ILO), created its own inspection program and vowed to shut down unsafe facilities. Better vigilance, everyone figured, would be central to preventing similar accidents from happening again. Three years have passed, and an uncomfortable truth is emerging: Vigilance isn’t enough. Factories in Bangladesh have improved, completing more than 60 percent of fixes required by the inspectors sent by clothing brands. Still, of some 1,600 factories covered by the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh, a major inspection program run by the brands, more than 80 percent are behind schedule on improvements. Factories in a smaller brand-organized program, the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety, have also lagged. The government, too, has made limited progress: It’s shut down just 39 facilities that posed an “immediate” danger to workers. Meanwhile, the corporate and government investigators, along with outside organizations, keep finding defects: faulty sprinklers, exit stairwells used for storage, missing fire doors. On Oct. 27 a California-based company called LaborVoices, which surveys garment workers by phone, will release a report finding that, among dozens of Bangladesh garment factories where its respondents were employed, nearly half had a high risk of experiencing safety issues in case of a fire. “There’s been so much attention put on this, it’s kind of surprising so little progress has been made,” says Kohl Gill, the chief executive officer of LaborVoices. Maybe it shouldn’t be surprising. The craze for cheap, on-trend clothing that helped turn Bangladesh into the world’s second-biggest apparel exporter, after China, has actually intensified since the disaster. Low-priced brands keep undercutting one another, and that keeps squeezing the factories that produce their clothes. This is the backdrop against which factory owners are expected to make time-consuming, expensive improvements. Edward Hertzman, the founder of the Sourcing Journal, a trade publication, describes a bind: Owners get pressed by brands’ inspectors to upgrade factories as the same brands’ businesspeople are haggling with them to work faster and charge less. “You can’t on the one hand have lower prices and on the other hand have rising standards,” says Sarah Labowitz, a co-director of New York University’s Stern Center for Business and Human Rights. To start, there’s a basic math problem. The ILO estimated in June that the upgrades mandated for factories would cost $929 million. Of that, $635 million in renovations hadn’t been made. Factory owners have two main options for funding renovations: either cover the cost themselves or take out loans. Both approaches are problematic. Garment factories’ profit margins are thin, leaving them with little cash sitting around to reinvest. At the same time, financial institutions have limited credit to dole out and can be reluctant to lend to garment factories because of the risk of not being repaid; available loans have interest rates running upwards of 10 percent. Factories have trouble meeting the expensive and time-consuming safety requirements Through the Accord and Alliance groups, clothing brands offer some financial help, but it’s limited. Some brands are guaranteeing loans to factories, which can increase banks’ willingness to lend. But experts say an indirect approach is more typical: A brand will commit to ordering garments well into the future, sometimes paying for them in advance, which can provide factory owners with funds for some renovations or help them prove to loan officers that they’re financially secure and can be trusted to repay a loan. However, brands tend to be most helpful to their most important suppliers, and the rest can be reluctant to press for aid because they’re worried about the consequences. “They wonder, ‘Am I going to lose orders down the road because I asked for help?’ ” says Scott Nova, the executive director of the Worker Rights Consortium, a labor-rights organization. All this helps explain why the ILO report identified a financing gap of $448 million for improvements. The challenges go beyond the financial. Rubana Huq, the managing director of a company that supplies H&M and other major brands, says her customers promised to do business with her over a period of several years as long as she made sure her factories were safe. She was able to take out a loan, albeit at a 12 percent interest rate, to buy equipment. Still, it took months to find and acquire what she needed, some of which had to be imported. The time-consuming and expensive work of meeting safety standards came just as brands were pressing her to be more efficient—shorthand for doing more work in less time and at a lower cost. While she’s now made the most significant fixes, she says her progress is still considered delayed because she hasn’t yet installed some small items. Huq expects to finish the work by the end of October, knowing how important that is to her customers. When I ask her about the slow progress across Bangladesh’s factories, she says, “I think there could be more empathy. I don’t know how we’re expected to remediate so quickly.” So far, the government has shut down only those factories that posed an imminent risk to employees. If it lets imperfect, if not immediately dangerous, factories continue to operate, that could endanger garment workers. At the same time, the garment industry is a major employer, credited with helping to cut the country’s poverty rate almost in half since the 1990s, to just over 31 percent; if a lot of factories are closed just because they haven’t addressed every detail on an inspector’s checklist, that could leave a significant portion of the population without a job. Also, Bangladesh’s garment industry is facing serious competition from other countries, and if it becomes costlier to source clothing from Bangladesh—if there are fewer factories competing for their business, for instance—Western brands could migrate elsewhere. “Bangladesh looks nervously at Cambodia, Vietnam, Burma, Ethiopia,” NYU’s Labowitz says. Still, Bangladesh’s garment industry is still growing, with factories opening all the time; closing down bad ones, then, wouldn’t necessarily lead to overall job losses. Tuomo Poutiainen, an ILO program manager helping with the government’s efforts, says he believes factories should be given the opportunity to address defects but that he expects the government will “use a stronger hand” as time goes on. Huq tells me that, based on her experience, she believes most factories will make the appropriate improvements within a couple of years. But her experience might not be typical. Huq, who was traveling in Europe when we spoke, has close relationships with Western brands. Most factories, though, are smallish operations whose ties to brands are tenuous. These are the likeliest to lack financing. The good news is all this suggests the delays aren’t inevitable. Some adjustments to the brand-and government-run programs could, at least, speed progress. The ILO report, for example, recommended that the government help lower interest rates on loans and that more organizations chip in with capital for banks to lend out. More radically, brands could pay for some improvements themselves, and the government could close more of the factories that are behind on repairs while helping entrepreneurs open higher-quality facilities, perhaps with some aid from brands. But the Accord and Alliance programs are only in place till 2018. That leaves little time for change to happen. Vara also contributes to the Atlantic, Harper’s, and Fast Company. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Subscribe now to BloombergBusinessweek Businessweek Bloomberg Businessweek Bangladesh Work Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against MoneyGram International Inc. (MGI) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline-November 14, 2016 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against MoneyGram International Inc. (MGI) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline-November 14, 2016 Posted on October 27, 2016 by Bronstein, Gewirtz and Grossman, LLC in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / October 27, 2016 / Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC reminds investors that a securities class action has been filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware on behalf of those who purchased shares of MoneyGram International Inc. (“MoneyGram” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ: MGI) pursuant and/or traceable to the secondary public offering completed on or around April 2, 2014 (the “Offering”). This class action seeks to recover damages against Defendants for alleged violations of the federal securities laws under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). The Complaint alleges that MoneyGram allegedly made false and misleading statements and omissions regarding Walmart’s possible entry into the money transfer business and the likely effect it would have on the Company. On April 17, 2014, two weeks after the Offering, Walmart publicized that it was initiating its own money transfer service on April 24, 2014. Following this news, MoneyGram’s stock dropped close to 30%. No Class has yet been certified in the above action. To discuss this action, or for any questions, please visit the firm’s site: http://www.bgandg.com/mgi. or contact Peretz Bronstein, Esq. or his Investor Relations Analyst, Yael Hurwitz of Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC at 212-697-6484 or via email info@bgandg.com. Those who inquire by e-mail are encouraged to include their mailing address and telephone number. If you suffered a loss in MoneyGram, you have until November 14, 2016 to request that the Court appoint you as lead plaintiff. Your ability to share in any recovery doesn’t require that you serve as a lead plaintiff. Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC is a corporate litigation boutique. Our primary expertise is the aggressive pursuit of litigation claims on behalf of our clients. In addition to representing institutions and other investor plaintiffs in class action security litigation, the firm’s expertise includes general corporate and commercial litigation, as well as securities arbitration. Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes. Contact: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Peretz Bronstein or Yael Hurwitz 212-697-6484 | info@bgandg.com SOURCE: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC ReleaseID: 445576 Latest News IVCi Partners with Innovant to Deliver Award-Winning Furniture for Innovative Collaboration Solutions Top Facial Plastic Surgeon Helps Local Student Overcome Bullying and Increase Self-Confidence with Pro Bono Rhinoplasty Ahmad Alhendawi appointed the next Secretary General of the World Organization of the Scout Movement QA Graphics Content Marketing Manager Receives Google Certifications IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Tyson Foods, Inc. and Reminds Investors with to Contact the Firm Mrs. X releases the new single “80 Miles Away” NFI Listed in Top 50 Green Fleets Pepsico and 21st Century Fox Announce “The Search For Hidden Figures” Contest to Discover Emerging Female Visionaries in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Pepsico and 21st Century Fox Announce “The Search For Hidden Figures” Contest to Discover Emerging Female Visionaries in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) World Extreme Medicine Comes to Edinburgh © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Walmart Black Friday 2016: 3 simple tips to make great purchases within your budget Tips to level up your chances of getting high-value items for less money on Walmart's Black Friday sale next month. Rohit KVN   October 27, 2016 20:30 IST Black Friday 2016IBTimes India Thanksgiving festival is just a month away and that means it is time of the year, where all retail giants both e-commerce and brick-and-mortar offer huge discounts to kick-start the month-long Christmas holiday. Some of them, including Walmart, have already started teasing tantalizing deals that will be offered in the fourth week of November. Make no mistake; there will be a virtual stampede on e-stores, as they dole out ridiculous discounts compared to brick-and-mortar shops. Why advertise with us? Related Google Pixel phone series hit with Arc Flare camera bug Microsoft unveils Surface Studio desktop, new Surface Book; everything you need to know Also read: Apple iPhone 8 series key features leaked; iPhone 10th anniversary likely to be epic Here are a few simple rules to level up your chances of grabbing good deals on Walmart's Black Friday deals: Sign-up: Walmart has commenced registration for the next month's Black Friday sale, so you are advised to sign up with the e-store to enter the Walmart's 'Early Access' email program. Once registered, you will receive special Black Friday deals directly to your inbox. This way, you will get a jump start over others. Plan Ahead Before you begin your shopping, it is advisable to have list of items you plan to make purchase. Once that is done, browse through your mail to see if you have received Black Friday ads from Walmart and make which items are available online and which are in stores. Also remember, to take note of the times listed as some items may only be available during specific time slots only. Look-out for special on-the-spot sales on November 25: Besides noting the pre-set deals, be sure to keep an eye on Walmart's special on-the-spot sales like Clearance items, Rollbacks, Special Buys and Value Bundles, which will be offered during the Black Friday sale (November 25), that way you will be able get a good deal on high-value items. Also read Apple iOS 10.1 update erases health app data from iPhones, iPads; is there a way to restore it? BlackBerry launches power-packed DTEK60, formally exits smartphone business Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Samsung Galaxy C7 to be launched in US? 1 hour ago By Raymond Ronamai Super Mario Run release date, price confirmed; iPhone, iPad users get early Christmas gift 1 hour ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! REVEALED! Britain officially has no clue what to do after Brexit Why advertise with us? most popular Resort to chekcing your Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus now for Android Nougat OS update Rumour mills are currently abuzz with a lot of things concerning Android Nougat rollout to Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. OnePlus 3T round-up: What we know so far The upcoming OnePlus 3T is expected to come with several upgrades in terms of processor, camera and more, over the original OnePlus 3 model. Decoding mystery behind Morse Code; headphones and Easter Eggs in Battlefield 1 Important updates for Battlefield 1 gamers. OnePlus 4 now rumoured to feature dual rear cameras upon release New rumours point at a dual primary camera set-up on the next-gen OnePlus 4 smartphone. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. Battlefield 1 Fall Update now limiting multiplayer gameplay temporarily You will not be able to play Multiplayer mode for an hour when the Battlefield 1 Fall Update is deployed. Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install Android Nougat-based CyanogenMod custom ROM on HTC One (M8). Steps to install Android Nougat-based CyanogenMod CM 14.1 ROM on LG G4 Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM 14.1 Android Nougat custom ROM on LG G4 Photo Gallery People across India queue up outside banks People are turning restless, as their wait in the serpentine queues to deposit, exchange or withdraw money from banks and ATMs since the scrapping of high-value currency notes is turning out to be really long. Anu Malik, Farah Khan at Indian Idol Season 7 press conference Music Director Anu Malik and Director and Choreographer Farah Khan during a press conference regarding Indian Idol Season 7 in Kolkata on Nov 14, 2016. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»WAL-MART AKTIE»Walmart's Holiday Helpers Will Speed Up Lines WAL-MART STORES INC 65,86  Euro -0,274 -0,41 % WKN: 860853  ISIN: US9311421039 Ticker-Symbol: WMT  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 18:48 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 65,97 66,17 19:22 65,98 66,09 19:22 27.10.2016 | 16:26 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Walmart's Holiday Helpers Will Speed Up Lines BENTONVILLE (dpa-AFX) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) is gearing up for the upcoming holiday season by deploying an army of Holiday Helpers to help customers get through the checkout process faster during the busy period. The retailer has also increased the amount of products available through its Pickup service, lowered the price on thousand of items, and plans to expand the online assortment in the coming months. Starting November 4, Walmart's 'holiday helpers' will be in stores dedicated to helping customers in the checkout line. The holiday helpers, clad in yellow vests and wearing festive Santa hats, will assist customers with finding the shortest line, open registers as needed, and will even quickly fetch items that customers might have forgotten. During peak times, Walmart will ramp up the number of holiday helpers serving customers at its stores. The retailer noted that during busy holiday shopping weeks, it receives up to five times as many same-day pickup orders as compared to a normal week. To cope with the busy season, Walmart has expanded the assortment available for pickup overall and has added thousands of items in categories such as apparel, seasonal décor, toys, and electronics for same-day Pickup. In order to ensure that the operations run smoothly, the retailer will deploy additional Pickup staff, including dedicated Pickup managers in every store for the first time. To kick off the season, the retailer has launched thousands of new rollbacks combined with tens of thousands of items available at low prices every day. For example, Walmart will offer a new Roku 32-inch HDTV for $125 in November and December, which is the same price as the retailer's Black Friday offer last year. On the e-commerce front, Walmart has grown its online assortment from roughly 8 million at the start of 2016 to 20 million at present, with plans to add millions of items in the coming months. The company is also making its broader assortment easier to shop. Starting November 1, Walmart.com will feature a top 20 list of items to help customers discover exclusive offerings as well as great prices and products. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu WAL-MART STORES INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 18:52 JD.com finds profit still elusive despite closer ties with Wal-Mart ► Artikel lesen 18:39 Sheet cheats: Indian textile firm and Walmart being sued for fake Egyptian cotton linen claims ► Artikel lesen 18:26 Wal-Mart, Target Get High Marks for Disclosing Chemicals in Products ► Artikel lesen 17:48 Walmart Is Selling This Award-Winning Wine for $7 ► Artikel lesen 16:26 Kellogg Cozies Up to Wal-Mart in Bid to Overcome Cereal Slump ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart WAL-MART STORES INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % WAL-MART STORES INC 65,86 -0,41 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Environmental Leader Columns News Videos Jobs Research Webinars Conference 2017   Popular ENERGY EFFICIENCY EMISSIONS CARBON FINANCE FACILITIES SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY WATER SMART GRID More Topics »Close » Sustainable Strategies & Leadership Contracts & Installations Green Fleets & Transportation Funding & Incentives Sustainability Reports Government Environmental Design Hi-Tech Pollution Climate Ecolabels & Certifications Waste & Recycling Carbon Finance & Offsets Construction & Refitting Green Marketing Sustainable Manufacturing Green Research Energy Efficient Lighting Solar Energy Environmental Policy & Law Products & Planning Finance & Reporting Sustainable Packaging & Paper Conventional Energy Baseline Clean Energy Green Workplace Efficiency Environmental Conservation Utilities ALL TOPICS   Home » Feature » Why Walmart’s Zero-Waste Goal Includes Suppliers, Sustainable Packaging October 27, 2016 Why Walmart’s Zero-Waste Goal Includes Suppliers, Sustainable PackagingBy: Jessica Lyons Hardcastle Related Stories Mars Drinks’ Single Serve Packaging Redesign Cuts Carbon Footprint by 31% Zero Waste: Stop Throwing Money in the Trash Recycling Smackdown: Closed Loop Fund vs. John Tierney Nestlé to Use How2Recycle Label on Packaging Keurig Transitioning to Recylable K-Cups Related Topics Feature Recycling Retail & Restaurants Sustainable Packaging & Paper Sustainable Strategy & Leadership Waste & Recycling Waste Management Walmart, which has set a goal to achieve zero-waste by 2025, says this target extends beyond the walls of its operations. The company is making good progress. By the end of last year, Walmart US had achieved 82 percent diversion of materials from landfill and diverted an average of 71 percent in international markets. Earlier this year the retail giant extended its zero-waste goal to include the entire supply chain, “from farming and manufacturing, consumption to end of life.” Zero waste is a smart business move. Eliminating waste avoids landfill fees and grows revenue from resale of reusable materials. It’s also a lofty aspiration and one that requires Walmart — and any other corporation that wants to fully eliminate waste — to collaborate with suppliers, customers and communities. This includes taking back some products from consumers and returning these materials to the production stream, encouraging communities to invest in recycling infrastructure through the Closed Loop Fund and working with suppliers to improve the recyclability of their packaging. On Tuesday, Walmart hosted a Sustainable Packaging Summit, attended by hundreds of Walmart suppliers and merchants. At the event, Walmart launched its Sustainable Packaging Playbook, a guide to best-practices such as maximizing recycled and sustainably sources renewable content, reducing materials used through better packaging design and designing for recyclability. This, in turn, will help the retailer achieve zero waste, said Walmart’s Zach Freeze, director, strategic initiatives – sustainability, in an interview. “Packaging is an essential part of the products that we sell,” Freeze said. “In the playbook, we talk about recyclability and making sure that messaging is clear to the customer. For us, it’s all about clear guidance. We want to provide clear guidance to our suppliers about optimizing design and supporting recycling and we want to make it easier for our customers to recycle packaging.” Using the playbook can also help suppliers cut costs, by using fewer resources in packaging and choosing recycled materials, which cost less than virgin materials. The Sustainable Packaging Playbook provides tips for suppliers, including working with the Sustainable Packaging Coalition and the Association of Plastic Recyclers to design for recycling. It also suggests suppliers avoid using polyvinyl chloride (PVC) or biodegradable additives in petroleum based plastics. It highlights several suppliers that are already ahead of the curve in these areas such as Coca-Cola’s Simply Lemonade brand, which now uses polyethylene terephthalate (PET) containers with pressure sensitive labels compatible with recycling. About 30 percent of PET packaging collected for recycling in the US is not recycled, largely because of labels with adhesives, the playbook says. “Simply Lemonade is one example of how to encourage design changes,” Freeze said. “We also want to encourage recycled content.” An example of this is L’Oréal, which redesigned one of its shampoo bottles to include 30 percent to 50 percent, which reduced the amount of PET used by 10 percent. The playbook also asks Walmart suppliers to clearly communicate recyclability by using consumer-friendly labels, such as the Sustainable Packaging Coalition’s How2Recycle label, a standardized label that clearly communicates recycling instructions to the public. “Customers want to be able to recycle, but some are confused” about whether a package is recyclable if it doesn’t have a recycling symbol or language on it, Freeze said. “Clear language and a clear symbol make this easier for consumers.” As the company recognizes in its most recent corporate sustainability report, reducing waste makes it a more profitable and competitive company as well. “Moving toward a zero waste future benefits business as well as society,” the 2016 report says. “Eliminating operational waste avoids landfill fees and increases revenue from resale of salvaged materials. Reducing waste upstream, increasing recycled content and repurposing products can lower cost of goods and generate innovative products for customers.” This also extends to the retailers’ suppliers, which can realize similar benefits by cutting their waste through sustainable packaging initiatives. And with a boost from companies like Walmart that have major purchasing power, we expect to see more innovative waste management and packing efforts taking hold. Mars Drinks’ Single Serve Packaging Redesign Cuts Carbon Footprint by 31% Zero Waste: Stop Throwing Money in the Trash Recycling Smackdown: Closed Loop Fund vs. John Tierney Nestlé to Use How2Recycle Label on Packaging Keurig Transitioning to Recylable K-Cups Reader Comments There are no comments for this story.   Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Energy Manager News Digging Deep to Cure HVAC Inefficiency Technavio: Global Data Center Liquid Cooling Market Growing GE Shreveport Plant Finishes First Stage of Retrofit Entergy Arkansas Reaches Rate Settlement EMEX Named TEPA Aggregator/Broker/Consultant of the Year Switching to LEDs Without Leaving the Past Behind McKinstry Replacing 6,200 Lights with LEDs in Henderson, NV USDA Investing More than $300M in Efficiency, Renewables NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Daily) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Daily) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Latest Best Practice[ see all ] The New EHS Cloud, Is it for Everyone? Companies moving from traditional on-premise, perpetually-licensed EHS software to technology services that are cloud-based, subscription service-based offerings has become a macro trend. When it’s time to look for a new software solution, the temptation is great to use the technical buzz phrases that get tossed around frequently. When that happens, the pros and cons of […] Privacy About Us Send a Story Tip Advertise Subscribe © 2006-2016 Business Sector Media, LLC All rights reserved.  
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Walmart's Holiday Helpers Will Speed Up Lines 10/27/2016 10:10 AM ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) is gearing up for the upcoming holiday season by deploying an army of Holiday Helpers to help customers get through the checkout process faster during the busy period. The retailer has also increased the amount of products available through its Pickup service, lowered the price on thousand of items, and plans to expand the online assortment in the coming months. Starting November 4, Walmart's "holiday helpers" will be in stores dedicated to helping customers in the checkout line. The holiday helpers, clad in yellow vests and wearing festive Santa hats, will assist customers with finding the shortest line, open registers as needed, and will even quickly fetch items that customers might have forgotten. During peak times, Walmart will ramp up the number of holiday helpers serving customers at its stores. The retailer noted that during busy holiday shopping weeks, it receives up to five times as many same-day pickup orders as compared to a normal week. To cope with the busy season, Walmart has expanded the assortment available for pickup overall and has added thousands of items in categories such as apparel, seasonal décor, toys, and electronics for same-day Pickup. In order to ensure that the operations run smoothly, the retailer will deploy additional Pickup staff, including dedicated Pickup managers in every store for the first time. To kick off the season, the retailer has launched thousands of new rollbacks combined with tens of thousands of items available at low prices every day. For example, Walmart will offer a new Roku 32-inch HDTV for $125 in November and December, which is the same price as the retailer's Black Friday offer last year. On the e-commerce front, Walmart has grown its online assortment from roughly 8 million at the start of 2016 to 20 million at present, with plans to add millions of items in the coming months. The company is also making its broader assortment easier to shop. Starting November 1, Walmart.com will feature a top 20 list of items to help customers discover exclusive offerings as well as great prices and products. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances U.S. Business Inventories Rises Less Than Expected In September AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Putin Calls Trump, Agrees To Work To Mend "extremely Unsatisfactory" Ties U.S. Import Prices Rise 0.5% In October, Slightly More Than Expected New York Manufacturing Index Indicates Modest Growth In November U.S. Retail Sales Growth Exceeds Economist Estimates In October Stocks May Open Higher On Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary BoE's Carney Says Will Not Extend Tenure Beyond 2019 U.K. Inflation Slows Unexpectedly; Factory Gate Inflation Picks Up <<Previous        51 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Wal-Mart Pulls Controversial Suicide Scar Makeup Kit Walmart To Invest $50 Mln In Logistics & O2O Grocery Platform New Dada, China Walmart's Vudu Offers HD Movies, TV Shows With Limited Ads For Free Wal-Mart Stores Investment Community Meeting At 9:00 AM ET Trade WMT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Hannover Re 9-month Profit Slightly Rises; Confirms Net Income Guidance Salzgitter 9-month Pre-tax Profit Rises; Affirms FY16 Outlook - Quick Facts Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Deals The Dangerous Book: Essential Electronics Kit for $21 + pickup at Walmart The Dangerous Book: Essential Electronics Kit for $21 + pickup at Walmart Published: Oct 27, 2016 / Buy Now $21 Buy Now Walmart offers the The Dangerous Book: Essential Electronics Science Experiment Kit for $20.65. (Tom's Toys via Amazon offers it for the same with free shipping for Prime members.) Opt for in-store pickup to avoid the $5.97 shipping charge. That's tied with our mention from a week ago and the lowest price we could find by $16. It allows children to experiment with circuitry, resistors, capacitors, diodes, LEDs, and static electricity by building an electromagnet, electric motor, voltaic pile, joy buzzer, and a vibrating bug. facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL LEGO Star Wars Death Star Final Duel for $57 + free shipping LEGO Technic Race Truck for $40 + free shipping Funko Figures at GameStop from 47 cents + free shipping w/ $25 Popular deals Star Trek Spock Socks w/ Ears - $9.15 Revolution 101 Balance Board Trainer - $129.95 Sisyphus Myth Unisex Watch with Japanese Quartz Movement - $39.95 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Wal-Mart announces 'holiday helpers' customer service push at N.J. store Source: The Associated Press October 27, 2016 at 8:24 AM Wal-Mart, long known for emphasizing low prices, wants to be known this holiday season for superior customer service. That comes after its main rival Target, which has a better image in that regard, stressed a focus on offering deals. Continue Reading »» More From This Industry • HL Onlineparts leases industrial property in Linden • Physical therapy chain buys N.J. business in third Garden State deal of 2016 • CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M • East Orange apartments fetch $27M Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Building the future: Industry icon Sanzari constructing new headquarters in Hackensack NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Groundbreaking gives backers chance to tout perseverance behind One Theater Square project 2 NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner 3 Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda 4 Editorial: Do those red states know something we don't? 5 Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education 1 Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (2) 2 Christie out as chairman of Trump transition, reports say (2) 3 Most-read of the week: Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (1) 4 On her own terms: Flagg took over construction company after death of her husband (1) 5 N.J. business community applauds TTF ballot question approval (1) Featured News Japanese firm's U.S. unit buys majority stake in Hoboken's Waterfront Corporate Center III CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M East Orange apartments fetch $27M Industry Insights: The special role of the special fiscal agent Beyond the law: Today's attorneys find that knowing their field means studying more than its legal element Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Sweeney: No one wants to take over Atlantic City Source: The Inquirer October 27, 2016 at 8:26 AM It was only this May that State Senate President Stephen Sweeney was arguing for a sweeping state takeover of Atlantic City, saying it was the only way to get the seaside resort out of its fiscal jam. Continue Reading »» More From This Industry • HL Onlineparts leases industrial property in Linden • Physical therapy chain buys N.J. business in third Garden State deal of 2016 • CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M • East Orange apartments fetch $27M Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Building the future: Industry icon Sanzari constructing new headquarters in Hackensack NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Groundbreaking gives backers chance to tout perseverance behind One Theater Square project 2 NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner 3 Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda 4 Editorial: Do those red states know something we don't? 5 Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education 1 Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (2) 2 Christie out as chairman of Trump transition, reports say (2) 3 Most-read of the week: Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (1) 4 On her own terms: Flagg took over construction company after death of her husband (1) 5 N.J. business community applauds TTF ballot question approval (1) Featured News Japanese firm's U.S. unit buys majority stake in Hoboken's Waterfront Corporate Center III CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M East Orange apartments fetch $27M Industry Insights: The special role of the special fiscal agent Beyond the law: Today's attorneys find that knowing their field means studying more than its legal element Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 27 October 2016 | MYT 3:40 PM Wal-Mart focuses on online order pickup in stores, lower prices Increased focus: Wal-Mart said the volume of items ordered online and then picked up in stores the same day increases by five times during the holiday season, so it plans to make more items across categories including apparel, toys and seasonal décor available in that manner. — Reuters NEW YORK: Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it will make tens of thousands more items from its online assortment available for same-day store pickup, and will offer more lower-priced items instead of deals as part of efforts to attract shoppers this holiday season.  Wal-Mart said the volume of items ordered online and then picked up in stores the same day increases by five times during the holiday season, so it plans to make more items across categories including apparel, toys and seasonal décor available in that manner.  Buy online and pick up in store has been a key offering from brick-and-mortar retailers, which use their store inventory to fulfil online orders the same day and compete with rival Amazon.com Inc's fast delivery times.  Wal-Mart also said it will focus more on discounts and offering the lowest prices on items instead of "gimmicky" product deals, for a second year in a row, as it said their customers expect more consistent pricing.  The moves were announced at a media briefing to outline its strategy for the November and December holiday shopping season, a crucial time for retailers during which they earn an outsized portion of their annual profits and sales.  "We want to lead on price and win the season on price," Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Wal-Mart's US operations, told reporters.  Relentless price competition from Amazon.com, supermarkets and dollar stores has made it crucial for Wal-Mart to compete on price and highlight its low-price offerings.  Wal-Mart will, however, not follow its competitors in offering free shipping. It will continue to require a minimum online order of US$50 (RM209) to qualify for no shipping charges. Rival Target Corp on Oct 25 extended its free shipping offer from Dec 26 to Jan 1.  The retailer will also focus on making its store checkouts faster, Wal-Mart chief operating officer Judith McKenna said. Dedicated staff wearing yellow vests will help shoppers find open registers and the shortest lines, as well as grabbing items customers may have forgotten. — Reuters You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read One-stop portal for construction industry High living in the great outdoors MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Lenovo unveils the IdeaCentre Y710 Cube gaming PC Facebook lets Messenger 'bots' tap analytic smarts Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada Western Digital redesigns its external drives WhatsApp adds secure video calling Most Viewed in Tech Best smartphones for the holidays Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump WhatsApp adds secure video calling Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada Lenovo unveils the IdeaCentre Y710 Cube gaming PC Twitter gets new 'Sun and Moon' Pokemon stickers Snowden warns of increase in US domestic spying after Trump victory Nintendo Wii at 10: the iconic games Western Digital redesigns its external drives Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)


58° Videos Most Popular Photos Webcams Obituaries eEditions Calendar Classifieds 58° Durango, Colorado Summary: Mixed precipitation on Thursday through Tuesday, with temperatures falling to 41° on Friday. Currently 58° Weather data from the Durango Herald and darksky.net Tue High: 66º Low: 29º Clear throughout the day. 0% chance of precipitation Wed High: 61º Low: 34º Mostly cloudy throughout the day. 0% chance of precipitation Thu High: 48º Low: 21º Light snow (under 1 in.) until evening. 22% chance of precipitation Fri High: 41º Low: 14º Clear throughout the day. 0% chance of precipitation Sat High: 57º Low: 16º Partly cloudy until evening. 0% chance of precipitation Sun High: 56º Low: 21º Mostly cloudy starting in the evening. 0% chance of precipitation Full Forecast Homepage News Local/Region Education Health Southwest Life Travel Nation & World Sports Outdoors Business Real Estate Arts & Entertainment Food Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to the Editor Columns Videos Galleries Webcams Obituaries Obituaries Calendar Classifieds Classifieds eEditions Print Ads Subscribe Search the Durango Herald Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016 58° Clear Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016 EPA wants to continue operations at water-treatment plant Public comments on plan accepted through Dec. 14 By Jonathan Romeo Herald Staff Writer Follow @jonathandherald Trending: NATIVE AMERICAN DOWNTOWN DURANGO POLITICS PRESIDENT-ELECT DONALD TRUMP COURTS U.S. BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT CHACO CULTURE NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK U.S. BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS SHIPROCK GAS AND OIL Headlines Film and TV TV-lover gifts abound: ‘Mad Men’ opus to Roku to Slanket Music DJ-producer Kaskade: Electronic dance music is not over Film and TV Star-studded Rob Reiner movie ‘Shock and Awe’ filming in D.C. Local News The Liberty School prepares to build its own facility Local News EPA updates Silverton on cleanup Local News Durango’s sales and lodgers tax revenues down in September Local News Help offered for logging in to new Herald website Local News Delays on U.S. 491 frustrate Cortez businesses More News Local News Bridge fix will cause traffic delays on Highway 184 Ignacio library offers online privacy class Learn about health insurance on Nov. 16 The Blotter The rise and fall of Debbie Duz Donuts Ignacio library offers program on privacy Nation & World Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Obama, Clinton tell Democrats not to despair Giuliani emerges as favorite for state Amgen's Repatha unclogs arteries in good sign for future sales European leaders, NATO caution Trump on warming relations with Russia LeBron James slams Phil Jackson for using term 'posse' Local News Bridge fix will cause traffic delays on Highway 184 Ignacio library offers online privacy class Learn about health insurance on Nov. 16 The Blotter The rise and fall of Debbie Duz Donuts Ignacio library offers program on privacy Nation & World Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Obama, Clinton tell Democrats not to despair Giuliani emerges as favorite for state Amgen's Repatha unclogs arteries in good sign for future sales European leaders, NATO caution Trump on warming relations with Russia LeBron James slams Phil Jackson for using term 'posse' Webcams BEST OF DURANGO & LA PLATA COUNTY WINNERS Videos & Photos Election Day La Plata County Clerk Tiffany Parker describe voting today. Related Articles: County turnout almost reaches 84 percent Cleanup efforts, investigations underway after Pagosa Springs' Adobe Building fire Related Articles: Pagosa Springs healing after Adobe Building fire Business improvement District replaces lightis on Community Christmas Tree Related Articles: Photo: Shiny and new for Christmas Escape room Animas High School students have created an escape room. Gallery seen in: Animas High School to begin accepting students mid-year × Escape room Animas High School students have created an escape room. Related Articles: Animas High School to begin accepting students mid-year Durango Veterans Day Parade Beautiful weather greeted the Veterans Day Parade on Friday. Gallery seen in: Hundreds turn out for parade to honor veterans × Durango Veterans Day Parade Beautiful weather greeted the Veterans Day Parade on Friday. Related Articles: Hundreds turn out for parade to honor veterans Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence visits Durango Republican vice president nominee Mike Pence makes a stop in Durango and in turn brings out Democratic supporters. Gallery seen in: Trump’s victory emotional for many × Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence visits Durango Republican vice president nominee Mike Pence makes a stop in Durango and in turn brings out Democratic supporters. Related Articles: Trump’s victory emotional for many Community Calendar Add Event Adventure Pro Magazine Hits Stands Nov. 22 Columns Mike Smedley Action Line Pot tax revenue about 1.51% of all tax revenue collected by state Jerome Bleger On Real Estate Is a tiny house right for you? Christopher Elliott The Travel Troubleshooter Airlines’ service issues with unaccompanied minors unnerve parents Tuesday: Travel Artists’ homes tell the story of visionary Hudson River School NEW YORK On either side of the Hudson River, two artists’ homes tell the story of that... Read More Reader Poll How are you feeling about President-elect Donald Trump’s upcoming term in office? Optimistic Pessimistic Indifferent Special Reports Follow our team on Instagram Follow us on Facebook The Blotter Durango Police Thursday 9:03 a.m. A garbage can was reported stolen from the 600 block of East Fifth Avenue. Read More Local Briefs Animas High School’s largest fundraising event of the year, the second annual Osprey Games, will take place from 6 to 9 p.m. Wednesday at the Henry Strater Theatre, 699... Read More And the west is history 50 years ago: Mrs. George Flood and Mrs. Louise Locke served as hostesses for the dinner meeting of Sarah Platt Decker Chapter of DAR, which was held Thursday evening in the... Read More Most Popular 1 Durango’s anti-Trump protest draws several hundred 2 BLM walks out of Shiprock meeting 3 Pipeline protest planned for downtown Durango 4 Ignacio man suspected of running over girlfriend is charged 5 The rise and fall of Debbie Duz Donuts 1 Durango’s anti-Trump protest draws several hundred 6 Rural residents in La Plata County question code enforcement 2 BLM walks out of Shiprock meeting 7 Investor of rehab center north of Durango frantically searches for new director 3 Pipeline protest planned for downtown Durango 8 Bayfield vet becomes new homeowner 4 Ignacio man suspected of running over girlfriend is charged 9 EPA wants to continue operations at water-treatment plant 5 The rise and fall of Debbie Duz Donuts 10 Man charged with car theft, eluding police pleads guilty Durango Coupons a1 a2 Follow us on Instagram Ballantine Communications, Inc. Durango Herald The Journal Pine River Times Adventure Pro DGO 4FlagTV Southwest Scene Dorado Four Corners Expos Durango Herald The Journal Pine River Times Adventure Pro DGO Dorado 4FlagTV Southwest Scene Directory Plus Four Corners Expos Contact Us News Tip Letters to the Editor Feedback Suspend/Report Missing Paper Advertise with Us Staff/Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Subscribe Sign up for text alerts on your mobile phone. Click here! Sign up for daily headlines and/or breaking news email alerts Daily headlines Breaking news Choose from several print and digital subscription packages Current subscriber? Click here! © 2016 The Durango Herald | Ballantine Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Deals Star Wars Micro Machines 3-Packs for $4 + pickup at Walmart Star Wars Micro Machines 3-Packs for $4 + pickup at Walmart Published: Oct 26, 2016 / Buy Now $4 Buy Now Walmart continues to offer the Star Wars The Force Awakens Micro Machines First Order 3-Pack for $3.75. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge to the $5.97 shipping charge. That's tied with our mention from September and the lowest price we could find by $3. It includes the Millennium Falcon and two TIE fighter pursuers. Also available is the Star Wars The Force Awakens Micro Machines Speeder Chase 3-Pack for $3.75. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.97 shipping charge. That's also tied with our September mention and the best price we could find by $4. It features speeders and transports from planet Jakku. facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL LEGO Star Wars Death Star Final Duel for $57 + free shipping LEGO Technic Race Truck for $40 + free shipping Funko Figures at GameStop from 47 cents + free shipping w/ $25 Popular deals Lancome Teint Idole Ultra Foundation Sample for free + free shipping Backcountry Sale: Extra 25% off + free 2-day s&h w/ $50 Snap Circuits Extreme SC-750 Electronics Discovery Kit - $83.98 Alienware 13 RD OLED Gaming Laptop Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 44° F Overcast Hi: 48° F Lo: 39° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Newtown families appeal dismissal of suit against gun maker Updated: 2 mins ago HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — The families of some of the victims killed in the 2012 Newtown school shooting have appealed a judge’s dismissal of t… Malloy considering business tax changes in new budget Updated: 2 mins ago HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy says he is considering tax changes that will help make the state’s business climate… Benjamin Franklin’s gravestone develops crack from pennies Updated: 3 mins ago US judge orders FBI, CIA to disclose Occupy surveillance Updated: 3 mins ago Texas university apologizes for blackface student posting Updated: 3 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 44° F Overcast Feels Like: 37° F Wind: NNE 16 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 41° F Sunrise: 6:41 AM Sunset: 4:28 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines MassDOT discusses plans to expand rail service in the Pioneer Valley November 10, 2016 The state will spend a quarter million dollars just to gather the data, but the entire project will cost millions. Behind The Seams of The Flash November 8, 2016 Go behind the scenes with costume designer Maya Mani! The Flash is new Tuesdays at 8/7c on The CW Springfield. Supergirl – Changing Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Nine Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Eight Scene November 7, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines Monte’s March – Fighting Hunger in the Valley November 14, 2016 26 miles and a shopping cart. Five Tips for Junior Year Success November 14, 2016 When it comes to college preparedness, it’s important that you impress potential colleges with a great performance in your junior year. ‘Festival of Trees’ takes over Tower Square November 14, 2016 Maintaining a healthy lifestyle this Holiday season! November 14, 2016 Real Estate Minute: Are you ready to buy? November 14, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 44° F Overcast Hi: 48° F Lo: 39° F Halloween costumes offend mental health advocates Maytal Levi Published: October 26, 2016, 10:59 pm Updated: October 26, 2016, 11:01 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Some major retailers have pulled Halloween costumes after some people found them offensive. This week, Walmart pulled ‘suicide scars’ after mental health advocates voiced concerns. Local psychiatrists want to remind trick-or-treaters and parents to be sensitive to what others may be experiencing. Dr. Neal Dunsieth says mental illness is a health condition, not Halloween entertainment. “The industry has a lot of these costumes out there. Bloody nurse or straight-jacket costumes,” said Dunsieth, chief clinical officer with the Montgomery County Alcohol Drug and Mental Health Services board. The ‘psych ward’ themed costumes are at almost every Halloween store and can be found in bulk online. Dunsieth says the costumes can trigger people with mental health issues like post-traumatic stress disorder to act out or hurt their feelings. “Some of the costumes really stigmatize mental illness,” he said. Dunsieth believes terms like ‘nuts’, ‘psycho’ and ‘crazy’ are used too loosely in society. “They’re are hurtful words. They are charged enough that when a person with mental issues hears them, it really does have an effect.” When it comes to choosing a Halloween costume, Dunsieth says if you can’t talk your kid out of a ‘psych ward’ outfit talk to them about it. “At least make it a conversation. Make them think about what they are doing and what they are representing,” he said. Tips on how to talk to your kids about mental illness: Cover the basics. It’s often helpful to start with simple facts about mental illnesses and dispel some of the common myths surrounding them. Keep the child’s age and maturity level in mind. Make sure your kids feel safe and secure. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts How to make spending money this Halloween not so scary Are Halloween costumes for young girls too sexualized? Bound and gagged Kardashian Halloween costume pulled Halloween comes to the patients at Baystate Children’s Hospital Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:42 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 46° F 5 N Wind 43° Dewpoint 89% Humidity 29.90" Barometer 6:42 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 44° F 16 N Wind 41° Dewpoint 89% Humidity 29.84" Barometer 6:42 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 44° F 16 N Wind 41° Dewpoint 89% Humidity 29.84" Barometer 6:42 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location Northampton 44° F 1 N Wind 41° Dewpoint 90% Humidity 29.89" Barometer 6:42 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 43° F 5 Wind 36° Dewpoint 76% Humidity 29.86" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:30 pm Sunset change location Springfield 44° F 16 N Wind 41° Dewpoint 89% Humidity 29.84" Barometer 6:42 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location Westfield 43° F 15 N Wind 42° Dewpoint 97% Humidity 29.85" Barometer 6:42 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 44° F 16 N Wind 41° Dewpoint 89% Humidity 29.84" Barometer 6:42 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 46° Holyoke 44° MGM Springfield Casino 44° Northampton 44° Pittsfield 43° Springfield 44° Westfield 43° Westover AFB 44° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Weather Forecast Weather Blog Future Cast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Flight Delays Current Conditions Radar Interactive Radar Alerts LWS Stream All Maps & Links Severe Weather Preparedness Sports Colts Pacers Indy Eleven Fever Olympics High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 NFL NBA College Football College Basketball IndyCar NASCAR MLB NHL Indy Style Segments Contests Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Bicentennial Bicentennial Minute I Love To Read Community Calendar Submit Event CW 8 Obituaries Gas Prices Lottery More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Jobs at WISH Watch Live 61° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines Thousands donated to Planned Parenthood in Pence’s name Updated: 35 mins ago Pence has repeatedly called for cutting funding to Planned Parenthood. Shelby County investigating after fatal single vehicle crash Updated: 45 mins ago The reason for the crash is not known. City leaders celebrate opening of new MLK Park playground Updated: 57 mins ago IMPD searching for Speedway Gas Station robbery suspect Updated: 39 mins ago CEO of Indiana Beach’s parent company dies 11:37 am Weather Weather Forecast Weather Blog Future Cast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Flight Delays Current Conditions Radar Interactive Radar Alerts LWS Stream All Maps & Links Severe Weather Preparedness Current Conditions 61° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 61° F Wind: WSW 5 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: 45° F Sunrise: 7:29 AM Sunset: 5:28 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports Colts Pacers Indy Eleven Fever Olympics High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 NFL NBA College Football College Basketball IndyCar NASCAR MLB NHL Indy Style Segments Contests Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Bicentennial Bicentennial Minute I Love To Read Community Calendar Submit Event CW 8 Obituaries Gas Prices Lottery More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Jobs at WISH Watch Live Search for: Search the site 61° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 40° F Police searching for suspect in Wal-Mart robbery Staff Reports Published: October 26, 2016, 9:24 pm Updated: October 27, 2016, 11:02 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Beech Grove Police are searching for a suspect in a Walmart robbery. (WISH photo) BEECH GROVE, Ind. (WISH) – Police in Beech Grove are searching for a suspect in a robbery of Wal-Mart. The robbery happened on September 17 at the Beech Grover Walmart on Emerson Avenue. Police said a man went into the store and approached an employee at the jewelry counter.  According to police, the suspect then picked up a number of rings, and then asked the clerk if robbery was an accepted form of payment. He then indicated that he had a knife and would cut anyone who tried to take the ring. The ring was valued at $650.  No one was hurt in the robbery.     Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Email Print More Pinterest Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Police searching for runaway teenager Beech Grove Wal-Mart works to change reputation following brawl Muncie Police Department, Ball State Police Department suspend robbery investigation Intruder swipes man’s wedding ring Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Marion County News IMPD searching for Speedway Gas Station robbery suspect Updated: 45 mins ago The suspect left the scene in a dark blue Chevrolet Cruz heading westbound on East Hanna Avenue. Campaign hopes to make Indy more pedestrian friendly 12:09 pm The campaign features images of people with tire tracks on their faces. Internet’s favorite viral cat videos coming to IMA 8:19 am The Internet Cat Festival will be back in Indianapolis. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2016 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team Jobs at WISH TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Media General Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 56°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Halloween fun ... with or without masks Published: Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016 3:22 p.m. CST By Shannon Serpette Halloween costumes have come a long way since I was a kid. Back in my day, we would go to Walmart, pick out a costume from the few choices that were there and call it a day. These days, both adults and children like to dress up in costumes for Halloween. And the planning begins weeks, sometimes months before Halloween. My children start seriously thinking about their costumes in September, although they mention some of their ideas months before that. There’s one thing they know about me when it comes to Halloween costumes — I am anti-mask. I always encourage them to stay away from masks as much as possible, mainly because I remember the masks of my childhood — those ones with the tiny eye holes and nose holes that left you very little room to breathe or see. The ones that smelled strongly of plastic and gave me a headache after five minutes of wearing them. The ones that could instantaneously cause your face to start sweating the second you pulled it on. The ones that were held together with a flimsy rubberband that usually snapped long before your night of candy collection was over. My children insist they don’t mind masks, and they swear masks won’t cause them to not see oncoming cars as they run into the streets on Halloween night. They must get their mask tolerance from their dad because it used to feel like torture to me to have to put those things on when I was their age. I leave their costume choice up to them, but just between you and me, I always show them pictures of mask-less costumes online in the weeks before Halloween. It’s my way of sending subliminal messages to them to choose a costume without a mask. I went 50/50 this year with my anti-mask campaign. My daughter will be Hermoine Granger from the Harry Potter book series. For those not familiar with that series, Hermoine doesn’t wear a mask. But she does have a wizarding robe and a cool magic wand. My son decided to wear a costume with a mask this year, despite the fact that I kept showing him a really cool Indiana Jones costume online. Dr. Jones was his second choice; he ultimately decided to go as Kylo Ren from the Star Wars movies. Kylo Ren wears, you guessed it, a mask. He also carries a light saber, which I’m sure is really the big draw to that costume. What self-respecting 11-year-old boy doesn’t want to carry around a light saber? His friends have all agreed to dress as other Star Wars characters and walk around together when they are out trick or treating. My daughter, of course, wants to tag along with her brother and his friends. This poses a dilemma for me. I’m not comfortable with the idea of my children, at their current ages, wandering all around town, even with a couple of their friends. So many cars are darting around, kids are more worried about their next score than they are about watching traffic, and visibility is awful since it is so dark out, and many of the costumes are black. It can be a dangerous time for kids. I do want my kids to have a taste of independence now and then. This year we’ve reached a compromise. They’ll walk with friends, but one of their friend’s moms (who shares my concerns) and I will follow them around at a respectable distance. They’ll be able to feel like “big kids,” and I won’t be at home worried about their safety all night. It’s a compromise we can all live with. And if they get into a situation they don’t feel comfortable with, I’ll just be a minute away. Who knows? Maybe I’ll even put a costume on, so their friends won’t even know I’m lurking in the background. BCR Copy Editor Shannon Serpette can be reached at sserpette@bcrnews.com. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page More News Headlines from the pastNov. 14, 2016 - 3:27 pm From the editor’s deskNov. 14, 2016 - 3:27 pm Watching Lions’ pride in actionNov. 11, 2016 - 4:22 pm 11Nov. 11, 2016 - 4:20 pm Thanks for the picturesNov. 9, 2016 - 3:22 pm Sometimes it's not just a gameNov. 14, 2016 - 1:48 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2016 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Walmart Is Hoping a Blockchain Can Clean Up China’s Dirty Pork Industry Written by Kaleigh Rogers Staff Writer October 26, 2016 // 03:20 PM EST Copy This URL A customer buys pork at a supermarket in Yichang city, central China's Hubei province. Image: AP In an attempt to clean up China’s safety scandal-plagued pork industry, Walmart is taking a page out of Bitcoin’s book. The company is partnering with IBM and a local university to develop a pilot program using blockchain technology to track the country’s pork supply for its Chinese stores, the company announced last week. (Hat tip to Coinbase for first reporting on it.) But while making it may improve China’s pork industry in the short term, it could ultimately exacerbate the larger issues with factory farming. “Food authentication and supply chain tracking is a critical step to quickly finding and helping address sources of contamination around the world,” an IBM press release read. “[Blockchain] could serve as an alternative to traditional paper tracking and manual inspection systems, which can leave supply chains vulnerable to inaccuracies.” China’s appetite for pork has spiked over the last decade, and its farming sector has struggled to meet demand. In 2006, the country consumed 46 million metric tons of pork, according to the US Department of Agriculture Foreign Agricultural Service. By 2014, it had jumped to 57 million metric tons (it has since dipped a bit, to 55 million in 2015). The added pressure on the food system has led to a bombardment of crises, from pork shortages leading to price hikes, to revelations of diseased meat being sold to consumers. It’s also contributed to the emergence of new antibiotic-resistant superbugs. Not wanting to have to join the likes of McDonald’s—which issued a public apology in 2014 when it discovered a supplier had sold it tainted meat—Walmart is trying to get ahead of the problem with the new pilot. Blockchain technology is essentially a digital ledger that keeps track of information with an unchangeable “block” of information. In this scenario, “farm origination details, batch numbers, factory and processing data, expiration dates, storage temperatures, and shipping details” would be uploaded to the blockchain and linked through a code on the product package, according to IBM. This would directly address, and ideally prevent, some of the problems the pork industry has encountered, like food safety. However it doesn’t address other problems. China has been trying to counteract the rising popularity of more Western meats like pork and beef by pledging to reduce the country’s overall meat consumption by 50 percent by 2030. This is an attempt to curb the farm industry’ impact on antibiotic resistance and climate change. Walmart’s blockchain pilot, if it works as intended, could risk increasing demand as consumer trust in the industry grows. Blockchain may be a good solution for health risks in the short term, but in the long term, experts agree we need to focus on how to curb global meat consumption to a more sustainable level—not make it even easier and cheaper to get pork chops at Walmart. Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter. Topics: food, agriculture, farming, pork, pigs, China, Walmart, blockchain, bitcoin, news, money, power, health, environment, disease Contact the author by email or Twitter. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended When Veterans Come Home, Many End up on the Farm Peru Keeps Thousands of Potato Seeds in an Earthquake-Proof Vault Inside the Arctic Seed Vault Designed to Save Humanity From Extinction Legalization Won't Root Out California's Toxic Weed Farms. But It's a Start. Colorado Hemp Farmers Are Turning to Bitcoin for Their Banking Woes Soothe Yourself With This Timelapse of Corn Growing Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Skip to main content Home My Subscription E-Edition Obituaries Advertising Solutions Jobs Real Estate Autos Weather MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home News News Home Elections Obituaries Police Bookings National Submit a News Tip Text Alerts Columbia County News-Times North Augusta Today Obituaries E-Edition Weather Business Business Home Area Gas Prices Submit Your News Opinion Opinion Home Editorials McKee cartoons Letters to Editor Guest Columns Write a Letter to the Editor Sports Sports Home High School Sports Masters Scores Things to Do Things to Do Home Dine & Dish Puzzles Event Tickets Events Calendar Submit Event TV Listings Life Life Home Weddings Engagements Births Anniversaries Pets for Adoption Photos Slideshows Spotted Send Photos and Videos Video Kirby's Augusta Cooking from the Heart in Augusta Latest Video Chronicle Apps Local Store Sales Advertising Solutions Legal notices Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Help My Subscription Contact Us Staff Directory Archives (1792–2003) Newsletter - Select -Augusta Business ChronicleAugustaChronicle.com Daily HeadlinesAugustaChronicle.com Special Offers - All CSRABreaking News Subscribe Posted October 26, 2016 02:35 pm - Updated October 26, 2016 06:17 pm From Staff Reports Columbia County seeks shoplifting suspect Columbia County police are seeking the public’s help in finding a woman who stole $60 worth of items from Walmart. Columbia County police are seeking the public’s help in finding a woman who stole $60 worth of items from Walmart. According to a Columbia County sheriff’s news release, the woman went to the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Evans to Locks Road and rang up $20 worth of items in the self-checkout, but then left with an additional $60 worth of items she didn’t pay for. Anyone with information on the woman is asked to contact the sheriff’s office at (706) 541-2800. Advertisement Most Popular Opinion Sun, 11/06/2016 - 00:34 Issues trump everything News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 18:44 Women charged in prostitution case in Columbia County News Sun, 11/06/2016 - 02:42 3 acquitted, 1 guilty in Medicaid fraud trial News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 23:22 New Enterprise Mill owner wants to bring back excitement View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Tue, 11/15/2016 - 10:34 Police seek man who attempted to steal TV, sound bar Tue, 11/15/2016 - 10:08 Augusta University wins team competition for Salvation Army Tue, 11/15/2016 - 09:12 North Augusta council OKs financing plan for Project Jackson Mon, 11/14/2016 - 23:04 Kirby: New TV puts old furniture out of job Load more   Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertise The Augusta Chronicle © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Private Jets, Children's First Editions and Rose-Gold Tweezers, Oh My! The Neiman Marcus Christmas Book Is Here By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 43 minutes ago Array 0 New York Times and Other Media Companies Sell Tickets to Election Night Events By Jeremy Barr - 53 minutes ago Array 0 JBL Wants to Make Music Underwater the Next Big Thing By George Slefo - 1 hour ago Array 0 Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Mattel Shops $150 Million Media Account By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mattel Shops $150 Million Media Account By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff - 1 hour ago 0 New York Times and Other Media Companies Sell Tickets to Election Night Events By Jeremy Barr - 53 minutes ago 0 In-Car Advertising: GM, IBM Pair Watson and OnStar to Deliver Brand Messages By E.J. Schultz - 5 hours ago 0 Hillary Clinton Is a Real 'Most Interesting Man,' According to James Franco By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 hours ago 0 These Are the 50 Companies Creatives Would 'Kill to Work for Full Time' By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 After Tease, Dos Equis Debuts Its New Most Interesting Man in the World By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Three Chicago Ad Agency Staffers Die in Hit-and-Run Accident By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Pepsi Taps New Agency for Digital, Brings Social In-House By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 What the AT&T and Time Warner Deal Could Mean for Advertising By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: Are Marketers Overworked? By Ad Age Staff. Published on October 26, 2016. Most Popular The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Credit: Rawpixel Ltd/iStock Marketers are a hardworking bunch, averaging 45.9 hours a week on the job, compared with only 45.1 for their non-marketing counterparts. More than half -- 54% -- take less than 30 minutes a day for lunch, with 30% taking only 15 minutes or less. These data come from project management software company Workfront based on an online survey conducted this summer by Regina Corso Consulting among 606 U.S. adults ages 18 and older employed full or part time at companies with 500 or more employees. The report states that "demands on marketers have only increased in the last year. While the vast majority of marketers express an optimistic view of their work life, troubling trends in the number of hours spent at work and the prevalence of inter-team conflict have arisen." Indeed, 98% of respondents reported experiencing conflict with other teams. Not surprisingly, 29% say blocks of uninterrupted time would help them be more productive. All the more reason to just skip that lunch completely. Here's a well-earned customer reward: In just the latest evidence almost anything can happen at Walmart, shopper Cecilia Rivas made national headlines earlier this month when she gave birth in the checkout line at a Payson, Utah, store. She insisted on paying for her merchandise before the blessed event. Less widely noted, the store invited her back a little over a week later for a surprise baby shower, with gifts that included a stroller, a Graco Pack 'n Play pen, and plenty of diapers and wipes. A Walmart employee who interpreted for Ms. Rivas with Salt Lake City's Fox 13 described her as "surprised but happy." Last month MillerCoors told distributors it would launch a low-cal beer called Goldwing in an apparent attempt to take on hot-selling Michelob Ultra. But Goldwing's wings are being clipped before it even has a chance to fly onto shelves in planned test markets in Texas and Louisiana. In a note to distributors this week, MillerCoors said it was putting the test on hold. "We heard a range of feedback on Goldwing. But one point that came through loud and clear is that what we're doing with Coors Light and Miller Lite is working, so now is not the time to shift focus," stated Chief Marketing Officer David Kroll. "So while Goldwing tested very well with drinkers, we're going to hold off and redirect that planned investment behind Coors Light and Miller Lite." Beer Business Daily gave the move a positive review. "It's a Herculean effort in self-restraint, and I think it will serve them well in the long-term," stated editor Harry Schuhmacher. From beer to water: Pur has launched an online and integrated marketing campaign from Arnold Worldwide showing a "Water Bar" featuring tap water from locales nationwide served up to customers. As each is informed about the contaminants -- all at perfectly legal limits -- in the water, such as mercury, chloroform, and lead, they get turned off and leave. The message from the Helen of Troy brand is that "water that meets safe drinking standards may not meet yours." The idea is to steer people to KnowYourWater.com to find out what lurks in their local supply, and get across the point that Pur removes lead and 70 other contaminants. You want content? Here's some content. Procter & Gamble Co. Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard has declared something of a war on "crap content" in recent speeches. And that's something this "cleaning dance" video from Pittsburgh Steelers star Antonio Brown for P&G and Rite Aid -- linked to a contest giving away a free trip to Super Bowl LI to a lucky shopper -- clearly is not. The 30-second video can be found on Mr. Brown's Facebook page as well as YouTube. "Dancing while cleaning has long been a universal human behavior," said P&G Brand Manager Eric Rose in a statement. "So we thought it would be fun to reward our most creative shoppers that tackle cleaning in style." The agency behind the effort is Integer, with plans for local TV promotion. Taco Bell's 'Taco Heros' Credit: Taco Bell As Chicago Cubs fans try to forget Tuesday night's 0-6 loss to the Cleveland Indians, Taco Bell gave fans half a reason to celebrate. The Yum Brands chain will give away Doritos Locos tacos after Francisco Lindor of the Indians stole second base during in game one of the World Series. Mr. Lindor is the fifth player to steal a base during the chain's "Steal a Base, Steal a Taco" promotion, which first ran in 2007. He joins Jacoby Ellsbury, Jason Bartlett, Ángel Pagán and Lorenzo Cain in being applauded by the chain as a "Taco Hero." The free tacos, one per person, will be available at participating restaurants from 2-6 p.m. local time on Nov. 2. The offer was mentioned on air during the game on Fox and was promoted by both Taco Bell and Major League Baseball on social media. Blue Bunny is a hit with Cleveland fans. Credit: Courtesy of Blue Bunny Meanwhile, ice cream brand Blue Bunny got in on the giveaway game in its own way Tuesday. With the World Series starting in Cleveland right near the Cleveland Cavaliers making their season debut and commemorating last season's championship, there was plenty for sports fans to celebrate. LeBron James joked days earlier that having an ice cream truck outside of the two arenas would make the night even better. So Blue Bunny sent a truck of ice cream to Cleveland and handed out treats to fans in the area between Progressive Field and the Quicken Loans Arena. Olson Engage was the agency on the project. Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl, E.J. Schultz In this article: Alcoholic Beverages CMO Strategy Packaged Food Retail Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
General News • Columns • Weather • Civics • Economy • Variety • Puzzles • Faith •  Health & Wellness • Saluting our Military • Sports • Kudos • Recipes Today Is Bixby Supports ‘Bridge the Gap’ By EMILY RAMSEY Managing Editor RECENT DONATION: Bridge the Gap and the Bixby Educational Endowment Foundation (BEEF) made a recent donation of $115,000 to Bixby Public Schools. Bridge the Gap is a special committee of BEEF that focuses on raising money that directly benefits the instructional needs of the Bixby school district. Courtesy Bridge the Gap With the current state of education funding, a group of Bixby parents decided to take matters into their own hands, forming Bridge the Gap in May. And the Bixby community is showing its appreciation. Since the official formation of Bridge the Gap in May, the nonprofit committee has raised just under $200,000, with all of the money going directly to instructional purposes for all school departments, says Tristy Fryer, Bridge the Gap committee chairman. Bridge the Gap is a special committee of the Bixby Educational Endowment Foundation (BEEF) with its focus on “bridging the gap” between state funding and the financial needs of the Bixby school district. “It was really a leap of faith,” says Fryer, “and we are so grateful to BEEF for allowing us to partner with them.” The committee, made up completely of parent volunteers, had its beginnings in the spring of this year. “We were just disgusted with the lack of funding,” says Fryer, a former Bixby North Elementary teacher who has two children in the district. “We just want to be a voice for all students including those who don’t have someone to be their voice,” she says. “And we want to make sure all Bixby students have the instructional materials they need.” In July, the committee held its first annual charity golf tournament, which raised more than $40,000; “that was our biggest event so far,” Fryer says. She and the rest of the Bridge the Gap committee are hoping to see a similar community response on Jan. 28, when they host the Sparta Gala at the SpiritBank Event Center. The event will include dinner and a live and silent auction. In August, Walmart at 111th Street and Memorial Drive made its show of support for Bixby schools. An effort to solicit donations was made by committee members, who spent a few hours one Saturday asking for school supply donations outside of Walmart. “We probably received about $1,200 worth of supplies that way,” says Fryer. However, later, they received a call from the Walmart management, offering them two truckloads of extra school supplies, including notebooks, pencil cases and backpacks, says Joely Flegler, a Bridge the Gap committee member. Flegler estimates the donation at over $20,000 worth of supplies. As an additional show of support for the school district, on Oct. 8, Flegler opened up her front yard as a craft show venue, with proceeds benefiting Bixby school libraries. Flegler, a mother of three Bixby students, has been holding craft shows in her home for years, she says. But when she realized the needs of the district’s art departments last year, she decided to create an outdoor craft show to give back. Last year’s show featured 17 craft vendors; this year, that number increased to 24. “We had so many vendors this year, the event extended into my neighbor’s yard,” Flegler says. “This is just another example of what makes the Bixby community such an amazing place to live,” Fryer says. “Our parents continue to make Bixby a strong, great community to live in.” Over the summer, Bridge the Gap, with the help of parents, teachers and students, manned a ride at the Green Corn Festival, which earned them $500. “We have had kids set up lemonade stands, teachers make videos to help us raise money,” Fryer says. “We are having to be creative, to hustle, to do whatever we can to raise money for the school system.” Various area businesses, including Hot Coffey Design, Pinot’s Palette, The Vineyard on Memorial, Doc’s Country Mart and T-Town South Fitness, have all held special fundraising events or donated their services to the school district and Bridge the Gap. With the committee’s success in rallying the community, school districts around the state have taken notice. “We often get calls from parents in other districts asking how they can start something like this in their school district,” says Fryer. As for the future, Fryer says that, as long as the budget crisis in education continues in Oklahoma, the goal is to continue fundraising and awareness efforts. “We just have to keep fighting.” Updated 10-26-2016 Back to Top READER COMMENTS Name Remember email (we never post emails) http:// Message   Textile Help Back to Top Contact GTR News Contact GTR News Sections General News Tulsa Weather Columns Civics Economy & Business Variety Dining & Entertainment Fashion Faith Home & Garden Health & Wellness Saluting Our Military Calendar Kudos GTR Puzzles Recipes Education Union Education Jenks Education Broken Arrow Education Tulsa Education Owasso Education Bixby Education Sports Composite Football Schedule Union Sports Jenks Sports Broken Arrow Sports Mid-Town Tulsa Sports Owasso Sports Bixby Sports
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Garth Brooks, Target partner on 10-CD box set… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: St. Paul taproom Explaining MNsure mess #NeighborhoodLoveNotes Vet’s meal taken ‘Did not vote’ Ellison seeks DNC chair Blair Walsh released St. Paul restaurant winners Things to DoMusic & Radio Garth Brooks, Target partner on 10-CD box set — to the tune of $29.99 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Garth Brooks opens his 11-show tour stop at Target Center on Thursday, Nov. 6, 2014. (Pioneer Press: John Autey) By Ross Raihala | rraihala@pioneerpress.com PUBLISHED: October 26, 2016 at 11:17 am | UPDATED: November 3, 2016 at 12:18 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Boyfriend beat toddler to death. Now, mom's on trial 2 women sought in UW-Stout student’s brain-injury death Vikings release struggling kicker Blair Walsh, expected to sign Kai Forbath St. Paul just took a big step in the future look of redeveloped Ford plant 3 reasons why Minnesota’s individual health insurance market is such a mess Construction begins on St. Paul’s newest taproom, the Stone Saloon Country megastar Garth Brooks has roped himself a new partner: Target. Brooks, 54, has compiled a new 10-CD box set, “Garth Brooks: The Ultimate Collection,” that will be available only through Target stores starting Nov. 11 at the eye-opening price of just $29.99. Nine of the discs compile favorite tracks from his back catalog under various themes, including “Old School,” “Cowboys,” “Anthems” and “The Covers.” The box also includes a copy of his new studio album, “Gunslinger,” two weeks before it hits stores everywhere else. Longtime fans probably already own the bulk of the music on “The Ultimate Collection.” After he left his label, Capitol Nashville, in the early ’00s, Brooks regained control of his masters. In 2005, he signed a groundbreaking deal with Walmart, which became the only official place to buy Brooks’ entire back catalog. He ended up issuing several similarly low-priced box sets and collections through Walmart, leading up to his 2014 comeback tour, which filled the Target Center for a record-breaking 11 performances that November. Related Articles Catherine Russell brings the sounds of Harlem to Minneapolis Keith Urban, Brantley Gilbert to headline Winstock Country Music Festival Buy ticket to see Sting at the Myth, download new album free Bob Dylan and 8 other Minnesota acts cover Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ A Wagner piece, extra long, at Minnesota Opera? Surprising, and worth it There are a half dozen previously unreleased tracks sprinkled through the first nine discs of “The Ultimate Collection,” including live duets with Don McLean, Billy Joel and Brooks’ wife, Trisha Yearwood. The box’s version of “Gunslinger” also boasts two songs that won’t be available elsewhere, one of which is the “25th anniversary edition” of his hit “Friends in Low Places,” recorded with guests George Strait, Jason Aldean, Florida Georgia Line and Keith Urban. Brooks has plenty riding on “Gunslinger.” His concerts remain hugely popular with audiences and his current tour passed the two-year mark last month. But his 2014 release, “Man Against Machine,” earned a tepid response from fans and critics and failed to produce any big hit singles. Given Brooks’ famously competitive spirit, you can bet there’s nothing he wants more than to hear his new music in heavy radio rotation. Just in case that’s not enough, Brooks also has a new holiday album coming out on Nov. 11. It’s called “Christmas Together” and it features festive duets with Yearwood. It’ll be available on its own, but Target is giving it away free to those who pre-order it bundled with “The Ultimate Collection” on target.com. MORE MUSIC NEWS The Replacements’ Tommy Stinson is set for a big year in 2017, when he revives his early solo band Bash and Pop for a new album and tour. He has spent the month of October, though, playing small venues across the country as Cowboys in the Campfire, a stripped-down project with Chip “Sippy Fly” Roberts. He promises “all kinds of musical shenanigans in all sorts of places with as few instruments as necessary. We’ll be playing new songs, old songs, maybe even some make-’em-up-on-the-spot songs.” The tour wraps Sunday night with a show at the Triple Rock Social Club. With 35 years spent shooting local concerts, both as a freelancer and official house photographer for First Avenue, Daniel Corrigan has captured images of them all, from Prince and the Replacements to AC/DC and Bruce Springsteen. More than 500 of his images are collected in the new book “Heyday: 35 Years of Music in Minneapolis.” Corrigan and local writer Danny Sigelman, who penned the introductory essay, will be on hand to launch it Friday night at the Entry. The Mighty Mofos, Dosh and Porcupine are set to perform with Lori Barbero and Paper Sleeves spinning between sets. “Heyday” hits stores on Tuesday, and an exhibition of Corrigan’s work opens Nov. 16 with a reception at Mill City Museum. Perhaps you’ve heard we’re about to elect a new president? Congressman Keith Ellison wants to remind you to vote and is hosting a concert Wednesday night at Aria in Minneapolis. The strong local lineup includes Jeremy Messersmith, Dessa, Aby Wolf, Sophia Eris and DJ Shannon Blowtorch. Tickets are $12, see keithellison.org/gotvconcert for further details. Mill City Nights has a similar show booked Nov. 7, the night before the election, featuring hip-hop group Dilated Peoples, St. Paul rapper Allan Kingdom and other local favorites. The $10 tickets are on sale now through axs.com. As part of its ongoing efforts to bring classical music to new venues and audiences, members of the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra will headline the Turf Club on Thursday. An eight-musician ensemble is playing Mendelssohn’s Octet for Strings, which the organization describes as “arguably the greatest piece of music ever written by a 16-year-old, and a work of great emotional range and scope.” The $20 tickets include one free drink. In 2011, Colorado jam band Big Head Todd and the Monsters celebrated their love of the blues with “100 Years of Robert Johnson,” an album they recorded with B.B. King, Charlie Musselwhite and other legends under the Big Head Blues Club moniker. They have revived the concept for a new tribute to Willie Dixon that’s due out next year. To preview it, they are touring once again as the Big Head Blues Club, this time joined by three second-generation blues stars, Mud Morganfield, Billy Branch and Ronnie Baker Brooks. They headline the Cedar Cultural Center on Thursday, a rare chance to see the band play such an intimate local venue. Tags:  Music Ross Raihala A Minnesota native, Ross Raihala joined the Pioneer Press as pop music critic in 2004, after stints at The Forum in Fargo, N.D., and The Olympian in Olympia, Wash. He covers local and national music as well as some theater and other arts and entertainment topics. His favorite part of his job is reviewing, and live tweeting, Twin Cities arena concerts. And, yes, he saw the same show you did. Follow Ross Raihala ross.raihala Follow Ross Raihala @RossRaihala You can help us improve our commenting space. Take our survey and follow our terms of use. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Things to Do Catherine Russell brings the sounds of Harlem to Minneapolis November 14, 2016, 11:14 pm New York’s Harlem neighborhood has been the subject of countless books, films and songs as a mecca of African-American culture, especially during the pre-World War II era. Singer Catherine Russell, who performed at the Dakota jazz club in Minneapolis on Monday night, has “Harlem on My Mind” — the title of her latest CD. As an artist, Russell has closer... Read More Keith Urban, Brantley Gilbert to headline Winstock Country Music Festival November 14, 2016, 5:24 pm Keith Urban and Brantley Gilbert will headline the 24th annual Winstock Country Music Festival, June 9 and 10 near Winsted, Minn. Reserved seats are $175 and general admission tickets are $110 and can be purchased by phone at 320-485-4287 or online via . Camping is also available for $120. Urban, 49, has been a consistent presence on the country charts... Read More Buy ticket to see Sting at the Myth, download new album free November 14, 2016, 9:25 pm Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Sting will play his most intimate local gig in years when he headlines the Myth in Maplewood on March 2. Tickets are $87 and go on sale at 10 a.m. Monday through Ticketmaster. Citi cardholders will have access to a presale starting Thursday. Each ticket purchased comes with a digital download of Sting’s new... Read More Bob Dylan and 8 other Minnesota acts cover Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ November 14, 2016, 2:39 pm The late Leonard Cohen’s “Hallelujah” stands as his signature song, thanks in large part to the hundreds of artists who have covered it over the years. As it turns out, Minnesota’s own Bob Dylan was probably the first and debuted his own version of it in a July 1988 concert in Montreal. “That song ‘Hallelujah’ has resonance for me,” Dylan... Read More Review: Mixed Blood squeezes perspective, humor and food for thought into ‘Orange’ November 14, 2016, 12:46 pm In all kinds of ways, Leela is a stranger in the world: Arriving with her mother for a wedding in Orange County, the 17-year-old is far from her home in India. She’s recently lost her grandfather, a source of stability in her life. And since Leela is on the autism spectrum, it’s more difficult for her to navigate the social... Read More CTC’s ‘Cinderella’ is full of magical Minnesota Silly November 14, 2016, 10:40 am A confession: I loved the Children’s Theatre Company’s original version of “Cinderella” when it premiered a few years ago. I thought their new production of the show would be mostly the same. But it’s actually funnier and even more interactive this time around. Although inspired by Charles Perrault’s famous fairy tale, John B. Davidson’s adaptation with artistic director Peter C.... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Local Deals Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Crime October 26, 2016 11:41 AM Assault report at Walmart store in Raleigh leads to parolee’s arrest Israel Sampson Edge CCBI i By Ron Gallagher rgallagher@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story RALEIGH Police who answered a call about a man assaulting a woman with a knife at a Walmart store early Wednesday arrested a man who they said had five illegal drugs and six crack pipes and whom state prison officials had listed as a parole absconder. Israel Sampson Edge, 35, who told booking officials he lives at 109 Pineview Drive, was accused of assaulting a woman with a knife shortly before police were called at 12:45 a.m. to the store at 1725 New Hope Church Road. Police spokeswoman Laura Hourigan said there no life-threatening injuries, but officers charged Edge with assault with a dangerous weapon inflicting serious injury and assault on a female. State criminal law does not define “serious.” Police also charged him with carrying a concealed weapon. When officers got Edge to the Wake County Detention Center, they charged him with having oxycodone, cocaine, crack cocaine, MDMA and marijuana inside a jail as well as six pipes used to smoke crack cocaine. They also filed a separate charge of cocaine possession, which is a felony regardless of how much of the drug is involved. The state Department of Public Safety had listed Edge as a parole absconder, and police listed his address in arrest warrants as the state’s Alexander Correctional Facility in Taylorsville. According to state records, Edge was convicted in Wake County in 2003 of robbery with a dangerous weapon, second-degree kidnapping and felony larceny. He was released on parole on July 25. A magistrate ordered Edge held without bond. Ron Gallagher: 919-829-4572, @RPGKT Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:29 Michael Peterson headed back to court after motion for dismissal fails Pause 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 7:44 Triangle residents speak out on NCAA HB2 decision 0:56 UNC's Roy Williams will 'be damned' if he's going to emulate Duke 1:09 68 Seconds of Dadgum Roy 0:48 Sunday Supper on Fayetteville from the air 4:24 Election 2016 in 4 mins: a year and a half of historic surprises and scandals 1:58 Black figures hung in protest at Winthrop University over legacy of lynching history in SC 6:14 Cary Elementary School's Guide on Voting Etiquette 2:38 Meet Judge Mike Morgan, North Carolina's newest Supreme Court justice Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago DNA expert questioned on evidence in Peterson case 2:43 a day ago DNA expert questioned on evidence in Peterson case 1:48 11 days ago Man accused of chaining woman has Facebook posts about missing people, moving large amounts of gravel 0:33 11 days ago 'No rhyme or reason' for spike in thefts from Carolinas gun stores View more video Crime Marital discord preceded apparent murder-suicide of Granville sheriff’s deputy and his wife Raleigh police recruit arrested on harassment, stalking charges Mike Peterson heading to trial in 2017; Durham judge rejects request to dismiss case DNA expert questioned on evidence in Peterson case Man in stable condition after Morrisville shooting Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Business 'Razor Blade Suicide Wound' makeup is latest 2016 costume to cause furor Ben GuarinoThe Washington Post Until recently, for $3.99 plus shipping, consumers could purchase an item called "Razor Blade Suicide Wound Latex Costume Make Up" from Wal-Mart's online store. It offered exactly what was in the description. Judging by the social media outcry, few people will wear it trick-or-treating this Halloween. The mock gashes simulating a suicide attempt were, according to a Change.org petition that ran over the weekend, "not a joke, not a costume, and not funny." The wound makeup was also indicative of a wider trend of treating mental illness as a scary Halloween curiosity, as The Washington Post reported Tuesday. The retail giant agreed to pull the product. (Victory!, the petition now reads.) "This costume is appalling and it was unacceptable for a third-party seller to list it on our marketplace," said Wal-Mart in a statement, according to WABC 7. "It clearly violated our prohibited items policy and we removed it when it was brought to our attention." Picking a Halloween costume from the internet is not as easy as it looks. This year, undecided voter Ken Bone — in his cozy red sweater — will probably be an insanely popular choice for those who want a viral costume: It’s timed perfectly for Halloween, it’s simple to put together, and it looks pretty warm. And also, quite a few people will immediately “get” who you are. If you don’t want to be one of several Bones at your Halloween party this year (which we can almost guarantee will be the case), we have a couple of other suggestions for various levels of the meme literate. (Abby Ohlheiser / The Washington Post) Along with collecting candy and carving pumpkins, pointing out racist, offensive or ill-conceived costumes has become something of an annual Halloween tradition. (For a seven-year run, the late website Gawker documented October spikes in blackface.) Colleges and universities have entered the fray this year, cracking down on outfits that stereotyped or sexualized minorities. In early October, the University of Florida sent out a reminder it had a 24-hour phone line for counseling, should anyone be troubled by a costume. The university also issued a warning: "Also, keep in mind that social media posts can have a long-term impact on your personal and professional reputation." That is true even if the costumes are not worn, but discussed. In December 2015, a Yale University lecturer resigned after penning an email in a measured defense of students' choice to wear costumes that were "a little bit inappropriate or provocative or, yes, offensive." Home Depot pulls 'peeping Tom' Halloween decoration after Toronto mom's complaint Amy B. Wang With its leering eyes, furrowed brow and hands cupped around a pockmarked face, there is no mistaking what the "Scary Peeper Creeper" is meant to imitate: the head of a "peeping Tom" looking in through a window. "Perfect for scaring friends and family during Halloween or any other time of the year,"... With its leering eyes, furrowed brow and hands cupped around a pockmarked face, there is no mistaking what the "Scary Peeper Creeper" is meant to imitate: the head of a "peeping Tom" looking in through a window. "Perfect for scaring friends and family during Halloween or any other time of the year,"... (Amy B. Wang) More recently, Brock University in Ontario, Canada, issued a costume protocol for its annual Halloween party. The guidelines, according to the Brock University website, were designed to pay respect to "stories and experiences of marginalized groups." Outfits barred from the party included religious headdresses, Day of the Dead makeup or "any costume of Caitlyn Jenner." The shortlist of controversial costumes in 2016: Clowns. In Mississippi's Kemper County, wearing a clown costume will carry a $150 fine until Nov. 1, thanks to an ordinance approved in mid-October by the Kemper County Board of Supervisors. New York American Civil Liberties Union attorney Lee Rowland disagreed with the Mississippi county's prohibition, arguing that most outfits were protected as speech under the First Amendment. It was "a ridiculous use of government authority," Rowland told the AP, "to dictate which Halloween costumes people can wear." The county joined several high schools and school districts around the country, from California to New Jersey, that have banned clown costumes following the wave of "creepy clown" sightings. Maui from Disney's "Moana." The Polynesian demigod Maui, who will be played by Dwayne Johnson in the upcoming animated movie "Moana," was depicted in a costume released by Disney in September. The costume, a full-body suit that included tribal tattoos and fake brown skin, was met with derision and anger on social media, as The Post reported. (At least one person compared it with the suit of human skin from the horror movie "Silence of the Lambs.") Disney stopped selling the Maui costume just a few days later, telling CNN in a statement, "The team behind Moana has taken great care to respect the cultures of the Pacific islands that inspired the film, and we regret that the Maui costume has offended some." Kidnapped Kim Kardashian. In the wake of a robbery at gunpoint at the beginning of October, the normally prolific social media star Kim Kardashian went quiet. That did not stop costume retailer Costumeish.com from offering, euphemistically and fleetingly, the $69.99 "Parisian Heist Robbery Victim Costume Kit." The costume, which included a mouth gag and black wig, was removed from the Web store on Oct. 11. Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Halloween Dwayne Johnson Yale University Crying inside? Creepy craze no joke for real clowns Paul Sassone: Think about what message your Halloween costume sends My kids' stepmom made their Halloween costumes, and that's more than OK Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 48°
Sign up for Capital Gazette newsletters delivered straight to your inbox Marketplace Business openings, closings and happenings in Annapolis and Anne Arundel County Blogs Marketplace Walmart launches grocery pickup in Maryland Wednesday Lorraine MirabellaContact ReporterThe Associated Press Walmart launched its grocery pickup service in Maryland Wednesday at three Baltimore-area stores. The free service is available at stores in Cockeysville, Severn and Aberdeen. Shoppers can place orders online, choose a day and time for pickup and pull up in front of the store to get items without getting out of their cars. "Our customers have told us that grocery pick up is a game changer," Harry Anuszewski, manager of the Cockeysville store, said in the company's announcement. Customers can choose from 30,000 items. Top items at stores that offer the service have been fresh meat, dairy and produce. Shoppers can order through the retailer's website at walmart.com/grocery or through the Walmart Grocery mobile app, enter a zip code and create a shopping list. Personal shoppers at each store select products and package them for pickup in reserved parking spaces. Wal-Mart offers checking account aimed at the 'unbanked' Carrie Wells Wal-Mart Stores Inc., long in the business of selling discount goods to low-income customers, is offering a new service — checking accounts targeted at those who don't use traditional bank accounts. The service, called GoBank, is being rolled out nationwide in stores by the end of this month. The... Wal-Mart Stores Inc., long in the business of selling discount goods to low-income customers, is offering a new service — checking accounts targeted at those who don't use traditional bank accounts. The service, called GoBank, is being rolled out nationwide in stores by the end of this month. The... (Carrie Wells) By the end of the year, Walmart's online grocery pickup will be available in 100 markets and about 600 stores. The retailer started the service in 2013 in Denver. The discounter plans to add another 500 locations next year. Copyright © 2016, Capital Gazette, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Privacy Policy Wal-Mart brings its mobile pay program to Maryland Walmart will give $2 million worth of bonuses to Maryland workers Remodeling of Towson Walmart is complete Speedier checkouts are on Wal-Mart's wish list Read our most popular stories Sign up for Capital Gazette newsletters delivered straight to your inbox Election 2016 ENewspaper Ad Circulars Calendar Obituaries Classified Real Estate Jobs 62°
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Wall Street To See Tepid Open After Apple's Mixed Q4 Report 10/26/2016 6:34 AM ET U.S. shares look set to open notably lower on Wednesday, tracking declines across Europe and Asia. Investor confidence in riskier assets has dipped somewhat, as oil prices fell further by more than one percent on concerns about a global supply glut, and Apple Inc. posted its third successive quarter of declining iPhone sales. Yuan worries receded to a certain extent as China's central bank fixed the yuan's daily midpoint at a stronger level for the first time in four days. The dollar retreated from near nine-month high, giving emerging market currencies some reprieve. Apple stock fell in after-hours trading Tuesday after a mixed earnings report. Its earnings per share beat expectations while revenue came in line with estimates on lower sales of its flagship iPhones. Chipotle shares also fell in extended trading after its sales declined sharply for the fourth straight quarter. Meanwhile, Twitter shares rose after reports that Walt Disney is once again interested in buying the struggling social network. Boeing, Coca-Cola, Comcast, Hilton Hotels, Southwest Air, Tesla Motors, Buffalo wild Wings and Cheesecake Factory are among the prominent companies due to unveil their earnings cards later in the day. Biopharmaceutical company OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced positive survival results from the Phase 2 Borealis-2 trial of apatorsen in Metastatic Bladder Cancer. Brown & Brown, Inc. announced that it has received a temporary injunction against certain former employees of Brown & Brown and their new employer, AssuredPartners, Inc. MoneyGram launched a new cross border money transfer product for Walmart customers sending from any U.S. Walmart location to any Walmart Mexico location. Google parent Alphabet announced that it would suspend plans to expand its fiber networks business and lay off 9 percent of the division's staff amid mounting costs and missed subscriber goals. Elsewhere, most Asian stocks fell as oil prices retreated and a big rise in Australian inflation weakened the case for a surprise November rate cut from the Reserve Bank of Australia. The major European averages are currently down about 1 percent as investors digest a slew of mixed earnings reports. German consumer sentiment lost some steam heading into November because of the "increasingly difficult" external trade environment and the perceived rising risk of terrorism in Germany, a monthly report from market research firm GfK showed today. On the other hand, a gauge of French consumer confidence improved as expected in October. U.S. advance goods trade balance figures for September, wholesale inventories numbers for September, Markit's U.S. flash PMI report for October, U.S. home sales data for September and U.S. crude oil inventories data are set to be published in the New York session. U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday in reaction to disappointing earnings reports from the likes of 3M and Caterpillar, weaker oil prices and sluggish consumer confidence data. The Dow dropped 0.3 percent, the tech-heavy Nasdaq slid half a percent and the S&P 500 shed 0.4 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories Tech CEO Threatens To Shoot President-Elect Trump Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances U.S. Business Inventories Rises Less Than Expected In September AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Putin Calls Trump, Agrees To Work To Mend "extremely Unsatisfactory" Ties U.S. Import Prices Rise 0.5% In October, Slightly More Than Expected New York Manufacturing Index Indicates Modest Growth In November U.S. Retail Sales Growth Exceeds Economist Estimates In October Stocks May Open Higher On Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary BoE's Carney Says Will Not Extend Tenure Beyond 2019 <<Previous        52 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Hannover Re 9-month Profit Slightly Rises; Confirms Net Income Guidance Salzgitter 9-month Pre-tax Profit Rises; Affirms FY16 Outlook - Quick Facts Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»APPLE AKTIE»Wall Street Sees Tepid Open After Apple's Mixed Q4 Report APPLE INC 99,28  Euro +1,041 +1,06 % WKN: 865985  ISIN: US0378331005 Ticker-Symbol: APC  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 18:51 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHardware AktienmarktS&P 100 NASDAQ-100 S&P 500 DJ Industrial 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 99,28 99,49 19:22 99,31 99,40 19:22 26.10.2016 | 12:50 (9 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Wall Street Sees Tepid Open After Apple's Mixed Q4 Report WASHINGTON (dpa-AFX) - U.S. shares look set to open notably lower on Wednesday, tracking declines across Europe and Asia. Investor confidence in riskier assets has dipped somewhat, as oil prices fell further by more than one percent on concerns about a global supply glut, and Apple Inc. posted its third successive quarter of declining iPhone sales. Yuan worries receded to a certain extent as China's central bank fixed the yuan's daily midpoint at a stronger level for the first time in four days. The dollar retreated from near nine-month high, giving emerging market currencies some reprieve. Apple stock fell in after-hours trading Tuesday after a mixed earnings report. Its earnings per share beat expectations while revenue came in line with estimates on lower sales of its flagship iPhones. Chipotle shares also fell in extended trading after its sales declined sharply for the fourth straight quarter. Meanwhile, Twitter shares rose after reports that Walt Disney is once again interested in buying the struggling social network. Boeing, Coca-Cola, Comcast, Hilton Hotels, Southwest Air, Tesla Motors, Buffalo wild Wings and Cheesecake Factory are among the prominent companies due to unveil their earnings cards later in the day. Biopharmaceutical company OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced positive survival results from the Phase 2 Borealis-2 trial of apatorsen in Metastatic Bladder Cancer. Brown & Brown, Inc. announced that it has received a temporary injunction against certain former employees of Brown & Brown and their new employer, AssuredPartners, Inc. MoneyGram launched a new cross border money transfer product for Walmart customers sending from any U.S. Walmart location to any Walmart Mexico location. Google parent Alphabet announced that it would suspend plans to expand its fiber networks business and lay off 9 percent of the division's staff amid mounting costs and missed subscriber goals. Elsewhere, most Asian stocks fell as oil prices retreated and a big rise in Australian inflation weakened the case for a surprise November rate cut from the Reserve Bank of Australia. The major European averages are currently down about 1 percent as investors digest a slew of mixed earnings reports. German consumer sentiment lost some steam heading into November because of the 'increasingly difficult' external trade environment and the perceived rising risk of terrorism in Germany, a monthly report from market research firm GfK showed today. On the other hand, a gauge of French consumer confidence improved as expected in October. U.S. advance goods trade balance figures for September, wholesale inventories numbers for September, Markit's U.S. flash PMI report for October, U.S. home sales data for September and U.S. crude oil inventories data are set to be published in the New York session. U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday in reaction to disappointing earnings reports from the likes of 3M and Caterpillar, weaker oil prices and sluggish consumer confidence data. The Dow dropped 0.3 percent, the tech-heavy Nasdaq slid half a percent and the S&P 500 shed 0.4 percent. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu APPLE INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 19:19 Nordex: Die erste Gegenwehr nach langer Zeit - Trading-Chance! QSC, freenet, Medigene, Evotec, SolarWorld, PNE WIND, Commerzbank, Deutsche Bank, Apple Am 10.11. hatten wir u.a. geschrieben: "Nordex: In den Keller geprügelt - bei der Gegenwehr gibt's was zu verdienen! Prinzipiell lagen wir mit unserer Einschätzung vom 08. November richtig, als wir... ► Artikel lesen 18:51 300-Euro-Buch "Designed by Apple in California" ab morgen bei Apple ► Artikel lesen 18:48 Here's When Nintendo's Super Mario iPhone Game Comes Out ► Artikel lesen 18:34 Apple-Aktie: Ankündigungen sind bloßes Säbelrasseln! - Aktienanalyse New York - Apple-Aktienanalyse von Analyst Brian White von Drexel Hamilton: Laut einer Aktienanalyse empfiehlt Brian White, Analyst beim Investmenthaus Drexel Hamilton, die Aktien von Apple Inc. (ISIN:... ► Artikel lesen 18:21 Apple's big App Store purge is now underway ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart APPLE INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % APPLE INC 99,28 +1,06 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
null
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 57° F Clear Wind NNE at 0 MPH Pressure 1024 MB Dewpoint 36° F Visibility 10 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics 2016 Election Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Cheers! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Let's Get Dirty Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Ask a Pro Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter, Oct. 26, 2016 By Staff Tuesday, October 25, 2016 Armed thief steals TV Police are investigating a robbery where someone used a gun to steal a 50-inch television from Walmart, 2545 Rimrock Ave., early Sunday morning. The person “committed a theft of less than $750 and menaced an individual with a firearm” between about 1:30 a.m. and 2:15 a.m. Sunday, according to a police report that wasn’t available in full because the investigation is ongoing. Potential charges in the case include aggravated robbery and menacing, both felonies, and misdemeanor theft. The suspect stole a Vizio television, the report said. Church instruments stolen   Someone stole more than $3,500 worth of instruments and music equipment from Clifton Community Church, 615 Interstate 70 Business Loop, on Oct. 19, according a Mesa County Sheriff’s Office report. A church staff member reported Thursday that a bass guitar, an amplifier, a lighting console, two microphones, and the guitar case were all discovered missing, the report said. Anyone with information about the missing equipment should contact the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office at 244-3500.   According to the Grand Junction Police Department: ■ James Green, 55, was cited on suspicion of theft Oct. 4. ■ Someone stole items worth more than $1,000 from a vehicle in the 500 block of S. 15th Street on Aug. 1. ■ Dakota Elijah Pizzarusso, 21, was cited on suspicion of shoplifting Aug. 1. ■ Sloan Tucker, 19, was cited on suspicion of disorderly conduct Oct. 18. ■ Someone stole property worth less than $300 from a vehicle in the 3200 block of North 12th Street on Oct. 13. ■ Someone stole medications from a residence in the 3200 block of North 12th Street. ■ Brianna Garcia, 22, was cited on suspicion of theft Oct. 19. ■ Someone stole property and used personal financial information fraudulently at a business in the 600 block of 24 Road, causing a loss of less than $500 on Oct. 19. ■ Cecilia Mendez, 33, was cited on suspicion of disorderly conduct Thursday. ■ Alfred Nash, 19, was cited on suspicion of driving under the influence and other offenses Thursday. ■ Morgan Martinez, 29, was cited on suspicion of theft Friday. ■ Someone stole property and used personal financial information fraudulently at a business in the 2600 block of B 1/2 Road, causing a loss of more than $50 on Oct. 11. ■ David Morehead, 44, was cited on suspicion of being intoxicated in the roadway on Friday, and again on Saturday. ■ Someone stole a vehicle in the 600 block of Clearwater Court on Saturday. ■ Anthony Sabas, 28, was cited on suspicion of theft Monday. ■ Someone stole a wedding ring worth about $10,000 from a room at Days Inn, 708 Horizon Drive, on Thursday. ■ Someone stole a truck from the 2700 block of Patterson Road, then crashed it in the 2800 block of Orchard Avenue and fled on foot Friday. ■ A man was hospitalized after being assaulted in the breezeway between Thunderstruck Valley and Page-Parsons Jewelers Saturday night.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Lauren Jennings, 21, is accused of a bail-bond condition violation and criminal impersonation Monday. ■ Jacob Knutson, 18, is accused of harassment and domestic violence Monday. ■ Deputies responded to a report of people trespassing in a vehicle in the 600 block of Brooks Court on Oct. 19. ■ Deputies responded to a possible theft in the 600 block of Glacier Drive on Oct. 19. ■ Deputies responded to a burglary in the 400 block of 30 Road on Thursday. ■ Someone damaged a vehicle window in the 2900 block of Orchard Avenue on Thursday. ■ Deputies responded to a reported burglary in the 500 block of Jaylee Avenue on Thursday. ■ Dustin Rich, 30, is accused of a restraining order violation Monday.   According to the Montrose County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Anthony L. Branson, 32, is accused of domestic violence and harassment Monday. ■ Donald M. Andrews, 65, is accused of driving under the influence Tuesday. ■ Jarvis R. Gardner, 37, is accused of attempted burglary, criminal trespass, criminal mischief and obstructing an officer Tuesday. COMMENTS Commenting is not available in this channel entry. TOP JOBS Newspaper Routes BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapers as an Indep... Estate Planning And Trusts Paralegal Hoskin Farina & Kampf, P.C. – Twenty-one lawyer firm with 80+ y... Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Dietary Aide/wait Staff La Villa Grand Care Center is hiring for Must be at least 18 years of... Press Room Help WantedPart Time Position inPrint ShopComputer skills hel... Manager CSU's Southwestern COResearch Center,Yellow Jacket, CO, seeks a Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2016 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Fayetteville makes Forbes 2016 list of Best Places for Business and Careers By Dustin Bartholomew ·   October 27, 2016  Photo: Todd Gill, Flyer staff Another day, another best of list for Fayetteville. This time, it’s ranked No. 24 on Forbes Magazine’s 2016 Best Places for Business and Careers. According to a new article released Oct. 19, Forbes looked at the 200 largest metro areas by population in the U.S., and rated them based on 14 metrics related to job growth, costs (business and living), income growth, quality of life and the education of the labor force. Fayetteville came in at No. 24, the top market in the state of Arkansas and the highest ranking city among SEC college towns on the list. Other Arkansas cities ranked included Little Rock at No. 84, and Fort Smith at No. 192. According to statistics gathered by Forbes, the Fayetteville metro area has a median household income of $51,369, a median home price of $140,700, and a gross metro product of over $23 billion. Unemployment is low at just 2.9%, job growth is ranked 11th in the nation at 5%, and cost of living is 8.2% below the national average. The University of Arkansas, and proximity to Walmart, Tyson, and J.B. Hunt were likely factors in Fayetteville’s high ranking. The charm of the downtown area was also mentioned in Fayetteville’s profile. “Some of Fayetteville’s highlights include the town square, where a farmer’s market is held seasonally, and Dickson Street, a narrow street lined with shops and restaurants that runs through the center of the city to the University of Arkansas,” the article states. “The Walton Arts Center is also located in this popular district and is a performing arts center that presents plays, concerts and other cultural events.” For the first time this year, Forbes incorporated a new metric in their data as well, measuring the amount of “highly educated millennials” in each metro areas’ workforces. “In addition to being an excellent source of trainable labor, highly educated millennials provide cities with the type of vibrancy and creativity that companies are increasingly looking for,” said Jeff Lessard, a consultant for Cushman & Wakefield who helps companies decide where to relocate. Fayetteville’s newly enacted civil rights ordinance also likely helped in the rankings. According to the article, the study this year “also factored in laws that protect people from employment discrimination based on sexual and/or gender identity in light the controversies and corporate backlash regarding recent legislation in Arizona, Indiana and North Carolina.” Denver, Colorado topped the list for the second straight year, followed by: Provo, Utah; Raleigh, North Carolina; Seattle, Washington; and Portland, Oregon.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Daily News Updates Sign up for a simple once-a-day email with headlines and excerpts to all of the previous day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click here to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Archives Legal Contact Us © 2007-2016 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
null
News Public Safety DMV uncovers fake ID ring on Craigslist Kristina DavisContact Reporter You can buy a lot of things on Craigslist: an apartment, a used coffee table, a date … and even a fake ID. Investigators from the California DMV found out how easy it was to get a fraudulent driver’s license in a sting that ended with at least one arrest. The investigation began earlier this year when the DMV was tipped to Craigslist ads for “Fake IDs and DL for CA,” according to a search warrant affidavit filed in San Diego federal court this month. A search of the phone number on the ad quickly linked investigators to a U.S. passport that appeared to be fraudulently using someone else’s identity. In February, a DMV investigator assistant answered an ad and asked to have a fake driver’s license. She was told to make the $240 payment via PayPal or Walmart transfer and to email her photo. A few weeks later, the investigator assistant picked up the ID. The driver’s license number on it belonged to a real person from Visalia, the DMV later learned. Three must-see headlines <h1>Gunman killed by police shot City Heights family, took hostage</h1> <h1>Cellphone crud could help I.D. crime victims</h1> <h1>CEO in San Diego resigns after online threat to shoot Trump</h1> Gunman killed by police shot City Heights family, took hostage Cellphone crud could help I.D. crime victims CEO in San Diego resigns after online threat to shoot Trump See more videos Investigators did a facial recognition search of the man who made the in-person handoff and learned it was Vuong “Mike” Ton. Further digging revealed Ton had been using the identity of another man himself, court records state. That man, who is referred to by the initials C.L., told investigators he had asked Ton to help him consolidate his student loans, and sent Ton his picture and Social Security number as part of that effort. He said he soon found out that his loans were not consolidated and began to get warnings that his credit was being damaged. A search of Ton’s Clairemont apartment in July found seven counterfeit driver’s licenses, as well as 45 blank and printed cards with magnetic strips and card embossing equipment. Many of the strips included information under various names. Ton was arrested on a charge of making a false statement in applying for a passport. Ton told authorities that he would give the fake ID work orders to a man and then pick up the finished fake IDs from him at the Irvine Spectrum shopping mall in Orange County. The man’s email address? Not too subtle: fakeidgarden1@yahoo.com. kristina.davis@sduniontribune.com Twitter: @kristinadavis Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, The San Diego Union-Tribune US Politics Latest Most Popular Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help Today's Paper 69°
Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? With diversity, Big Law must lead the way Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? With diversity, Big Law must lead the way Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management October 27, 2016 Comments Email Print SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email In Washington's drug price fight, plenty of blame to go around (Bloomberg)—Two weeks before the U.S. decides on its next president, the health-care industry's finger-pointing over drug costs is heating up. Insurers and pharmacy benefit managers blame pharmaceutical companies. Drugmakers blame insurers. And have you seen how much money the hospitals spend? Whether Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump wins on Nov. 8, most of the players are betting that something will get done on the cost of prescription drugs. They're laying defensive and offensive groundwork for when new laws are drawn up by a Congress that has spent the last year holding hearings on the issue. A prime example is a new ad out Wednesday from the Biotechnology Innovation Organization, the Washington lobby group, making the case that high list prices don't represent what drugmakers really get and that middlemen take a big cut. “While the list price is often used in stories about prescription drug costs, it's not what the drug company makes,” says a narrator. “Most of the control over the final cost to you, the patient, rests with your insurance company, or employer, or the PBM.” The ad push began last month and the group has plans for more, said Matt Gorman, a spokesman. The blame game is getting more intense as lobbying groups see a must-pass piece of legislation to fund the Food and Drug Administration as a vehicle for price regulation. Every five years, the pharmaceutical industry negotiates “user fees” they'll pay the FDA to review new drug applications. The current authorization of the law ends in September. “We are very much focused on user fees as an opportunity,” KJ Hertz, senior legislative representative on AARP's federal health and family team, said in an interview. “Everyone is looking for this to be an issue in 2017.” Pricing Coalition AARP, which represents seniors, is part of the Campaign for Sustainable Rx Pricing, along with Anthem Inc., one of the U.S.'s biggest health insurers, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. The coalition has proposed having drugmakers submit for government review any price increases over 10 percent, and making it easier for generics to come to market. Health insurers, who just six years ago were painted as villains during the passage of Obamacare, are relishing the turnabout now that drugmakers are the focus. “These increases have got to stop,” said John Bennett, chief executive officer of Capital District Physicians' Health Plan Inc., or CDPHP, a not-for-profit health insurer in Albany, New York. Last year, 22 percent of the premiums Capital took in for its commercial plans was spent on drugs. “They are unsustainable for us as a society and they are morally wrong,” Bennett said in a telephone interview. “They are extracting profit out of a scarce resource that people need to survive.” Pile On Hospitals have jumped in as well. Two industry trade groups this month released a report that found average annual inpatient drug spending at community hospitals rose 23 percent from 2013 to 2015. “The industry has proven time and time again it can no longer regulate itself,” Scott Knoer, chief pharmacy officer for the Cleveland Clinic, said in an Oct. 11 call discussing the report. Clinton has released a plan for combating price increases that includes penalties for unjustified hikes, a federal group charged with overseeing drug prices and emergency importation of treatments from developed countries. If Democrats win the Senate, there's a chance Bernie Sanders, an independent representing Vermont, could chair the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, which oversees the FDA legislation. Sanders this month denounced corporate “greed" in a tweet from his official account that called out Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc. for the $199,000 price tag on its leukemia drug, sending the company's shares down as much as 15 percent. Saving Lives Drugmakers have another powerful message -- their treatments save lives. Pfizer Inc. in May introduced a TV ad where a male narrator ticks off the research, business and regulatory hurdles to bringing a new drug to market. Then the camera cuts to the man closing a medicine cabinet as he sees his young son behind him. “So after it became a medicine, someone who couldn't be cured, could be -- me.” Pfizer declined to say how much it was spending on the ad campaign. “Our hope is that if more people understand what it takes to bring a new medicine to patients, that together we can create a better environment for discovering treatments,” said Neha Wadhwa, a spokeswoman. Blame Elsewhere Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, the Washington lobby group for the drug industry, has also attempted to put the cost of drugs in perspective through explanatory videos. In one, the group calls out the hospital industry, on which it said the U.S. is expected to spend $3.5 trillion over the next decade -- three times what PhRMA says will be spent on medicine. The back-and-forth will likely only get more intense. Tim Wentworth, CEO of pharmacy benefit manager Express Scripts Holding Co., said on a conference call Wednesday he's taking his argument directly to lawmakers. “We are very, very much in Washington,” Wentworth said. “We are spending a significant amount of time with key legislators in the decision-making areas to make sure they understand exactly what it is that we've done and what we can do.” Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Education Environment Pensions Society Technology Insurance Biotechnology Hospitals Innovation Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Trump outlines health plan, from Obamacare repeal to abortion Trump, GOP sweep may disrupt every corner of health insurance market Trump's repeal threat looms over Obamacare at critical point Come join us Dec. 8 Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
Skip to content PRI Public Radio International playListen heartGive searchSearch userLog in userLog in rowsMenu Sectionsnavigate down Featurednavigate down About PRInavigate down Follownavigate down Powered by PRI’s The World & GlobalPost Main menu Log in Search Sections navigatedown Arts, Culture & Media Business, Finance & Economics Conflict & Justice Development & Education Global Politics Health & Medicine Lifestyle & Belief Science, Tech & Environment Sports Featured navigatedown Election 2016 Across Women's Lives Global Nation Seeking Security Human Needs GP Investigations Global Satire Global Hit Music Heard On Air The World in Words Whose Century Is It? About PRI navigatedown About Programs Ways to Listen Contact Us Support PRI Follow navigatedown Newsletters Social Media Topics Arts, Culture, & Media Business, Finance & Economics Conflict & Justice Development & Education Global Politics More Topics Election 2016 Health & Medicine Lifestyle & Belief Science, Tech & Environment Sports Collections GeoQuiz Global Hit Global Satire Music Heard on Air The World in Words Trending Topics Balance of Power Election 2016 Syrian Refugees Special Coverage Election 2016/The UnConvention Across Women's Lives Global Nation Human Needs Seeking Security Religion GlobalPost Investigations Podcasts The World in Words Whose Century Is It? Otherhood All Podcasts SoundWorks Podcast Network Information General Info Contact Us Ways to Listen Meet the PRI.org team Work with Us Programs PRI's The World GlobalPost The Takeaway Studio 360 Science Friday Living on Earth View All Programs Support PRI Give Offline Give Online Global Reporting Fund Planned Giving Sponsorship Facebook Public Radio International PRI's The World Join Global Nation Exchange Join SafeMode Follow Google+ YouTube SoundCloud RSS Twitter Newsletters Global Nation Global Scan Human Needs SafeMode Business, Finance & Economics Where to turn when migrating to America ruins your career This story is a part of PRI's The World October 27, 2016 · 3:30 PM EDT By Jason Margolis facebook Share on Facebook twitter Share on Twitter googleplus Share on Google + share Share Comment This story is a part of Marwan.jpg Iraqi-trained physician Marwan Sweedan and the co-founders of Global Talent Idaho, Tara Wolfson (left) and Lisa Cooper, are pictured here. Credit: Jason Margolis A decade ago, Marwan Sweedan was performing surgeries in Iraq. At the time, his family was working with coalition forces, and they became targets. Player utilities Popout Share download Listen to the Story. PRI.org <iframe frameborder="0"  src="http://www.pri.org/node/155477/embedded" height="75" width="100%"></iframe> “My dad got captured, kidnapped, tortured and killed,” says Sweedan. He says doctors were also being marked, so he applied for refugee status and was later relocated to San Jose, California. “Being a refugee is not something you plan for, you don’t wake up in the morning and go, ‘I’m going to be a refugee today.’ No, it just happened,” says the 37-year-old Sweedan.  “It was a cultural shock to me coming to the United States, and I didn’t understand what’s going on, and everything was collapsing around me, my world was collapsing. So the first job, and the only job I found at that time, was selling hot dogs in a mall, Santana Row, in San Jose.”  He laughs, looking back at it, saying, "It was a fun job to be honest, I learned a lot.” The US will take in close to 70,000 refugees this year from across the globe. Being a refugee isn’t easy, leaving behind friends, family, and, for many, careers. For highly educated workers — with occupations like doctors, engineers, and lawyers — being a refugee in the US generally means starting over. But a program in Boise, Global Talent Idaho, or GTI, is helping refugees find jobs more suited to their backgrounds. Tara Wolfson co-founded the nonprofit two years ago. She was working with a refugee resettlement agency and often saw people’s talent, education and expertise not being used. “I just decided that I couldn’t look in the mirror any longer if I knew that a doctor was mopping floors or an engineer was working on an assembly line, picking raw meat off of it,” says Wolfson. She explains that resettlement programs in the US aren’t designed to help people land professional jobs. “The goal of the refugee resettlement system is early self-sufficiency — and that is the first job you can get as quick as possible.” Her organization has helped clients like an engineer working in an onion processing plant and an IT specialist stocking shelves overnight at Wal-Mart. In two years, Global Talent Idaho has placed about 125 refugees and immigrants into higher-skilled work more appropriate to their skill set. On average, people who complete the GTI program are now earning $26,000 more. And all of those higher salaries have pumped roughly $1 million into the local economy. The course, which typically takes about six months, helps newcomers improve their English, polish their résumés and do mock interviews. GTI’s program manager, Gina Finley, says many refugees simply don’t know how to market themselves here. “Probably one the most common mistakes out the gate of an interview is in the US, the most common first question is: ‘So tell me about yourself?’ And often times, in other countries, that means tell me about you personally. Tell me about your family and how your family is,” Finley says. "Here in the US, that's very secondary. It's really about, 'Tell me about your skills and your capabilities and where you fit into my organization.'" Albert Makuna goes through a mock interview through Global Talent Idaho. Makuna was a neurosurgeon in the Democratic Republic of Congo before he came to the US as a refugee. His first job in the US was sewing hot tub covers.  Credit: Global Talent Idaho Sweedan, who had relocated from California to Idaho, was making these mistakes before GTI honed his interviewing skills.   “[GTI instructors] make your experience into a good story that the employer will be interested to see.” I asked Sweedan what he could possibly have been doing wrong — he came across as a nice, intelligent, instantly likable person.   “Let me tell you something, I learned the term ‘overqualified’ in the United States, because you put everything on your résumé,” Sweedan says. Employers were understandably confused why a surgeon was applying to deliver pizza (he did that, too). Once the talent nonprofit stepped in, Sweedan got hired as an infection prevention specialist, keeping operating rooms clean. He’s back in a hospital, but it’s a long way from performing surgery. “I think that I’m using my experience, but not to full capacity,” he says. At least he’s making better money, not the same salary a surgeon draws, but it’s a start. “I’m making a good living,” Sweedan says. “I actually purchased my first house here in the United States.” A few other cities also have programs like Global Talent Idaho. One's called Upwardly Global, which has branches in San Francisco, New York, Chicago and Silver Spring, Maryland. These organizations can help highly skilled refugees get back on their feet, but not all the way back — certain occupations come with barriers to entry. “Law and medicine are [professions] that, if you’re coming to the United States from abroad, it can be very difficult to enter into ... due to the bar exams and the licensing boards and all that come in with that,” says Bill Kerr, a professor at Harvard Business School. “Occupational licensing can be quite common, even to become a hairdresser or a barber.” To become a licensed physician in the US, Sweedan would need to study for and pass three highly rigorous, and expensive, board exams. Then, he’d need to get accepted into a residency program, competing against recent US medical school graduates. If he works like mad and all goes smoothly, it could take him four to five years to get back to where he left off in Iraq, working as a doctor. He says, don’t count him out. “I’ll never let go of that dream,” says Sweedan. “I worked hard for my degree in Iraq, and I’m going to work hard again, but eventually I’m going to make it.” Comment facebook Share on Facebook twitter Share on Twitter googleplus Share on Google + share Share In Business, Finance & Economics, Business and Global Nation. Tagged: Boise   Idaho   refugees in the US Newest Stories 'Sanctuary cities' around the US promise to defy Trump's threats November 15, 2016 Military families get ready for the Trump years November 14, 2016 France marks one year since the Paris terror attacks November 14, 2016 This church offers 'sanctuary' to those who feel threatened under a Trump administration November 14, 2016 Comments Major funding provided by: Arts, Culture & Media Business, Finance & Economics Conflict & Justice Development & Education Global Politics Health & Medicine Lifestyle & Belief Science, Tech & Environment Sports About PRI Contact us Meet the PRI.org Team Donate Sponsorship Privacy policy Terms of use ©2016 Public Radio International close What story will you make possible? Your support helps PRI tell the stories that need to be told. Donate Today >
Home News Birmingham News CBS42 Morning News Tuscaloosa News Special Reports Crime News Alabama News National Health News Entertainment News Traffic Links Gas Prices Digital Download Tracking a Predator Campaign 2016 Rachel on the Road Ashley’s Mom Monday Weather Forecast Birmingham Radar Satellite Current Temps Bus Stop Forecast Weather Alerts Birmingham Traffic Map Flight Tracker Webcams Tropical Weather Tracker Saffir-Simpson ​Hurricane Wind Scale Historical Hurricane Tracker Sports College Sports High School Sports Univ. of Alabama Coach Talk – Alabama Auburn University Coach Talk – Auburn UAB One Team at a Time NFL 42.2 Untamed Sports High School Playbook 2016 Alfa Fan Cam 2016 Dreamland BBQ Armchair Quarterback 2016 CBS42 Community The ēCO Savings Race Weekly Updates One Class at a Time Legal Minute CBS42 Winter Warm-Up Coat Drive 2016 Live Video CBS42 Live Streaming Video CBS News Live Stream Video Report It More TV Listings Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Meet the Team Advertise With Us WIAT 42 Careers Internships at WIAT 42 Contact Us 62° F Broken Clouds Hi: 71° F Lo: 46° F Birmingham, AL Forecast Birmingham Radar Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Birmingham News CBS42 Morning News Tuscaloosa News Special Reports Crime News Alabama News National Health News Entertainment News Traffic Links Gas Prices Digital Download Tracking a Predator Campaign 2016 Rachel on the Road Ashley’s Mom Monday Featured: cold case diabetes Mike Hubbard Latest Headlines Twitter launches new tools to combat online harrassment Updated: 35 mins ago Hate speech has always been against Twitter’s rules, but users can now report it for themselves or other accounts. 5 Utah students stabbed at high school, teen in custody Updated: 45 mins ago The suspect was apprehended shortly after the stabbings by a police officer regularly assigned to work at the school, Martinez said. Gadsden brush fire contained; 30 acres affected Updated: 27 mins ago Man shot in buttocks, crashes car into fence near Birmingham Southern entrance Updated: 2 mins ago Lorna Road Circle K robbed by man with knife early Tuesday morning Updated: 7 mins ago Weather Weather Forecast Birmingham Radar Satellite Current Temps Bus Stop Forecast Weather Alerts Birmingham Traffic Map Flight Tracker Webcams Tropical Weather Tracker Saffir-Simpson ​Hurricane Wind Scale Historical Hurricane Tracker Current Conditions 62° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 62° F Wind: SSW 5 Humidity: 52% Dewpoint: 44° F Sunrise: 6:19 AM Sunset: 4:44 PM Birmingham Weather Radar Currently Alerts Forecast Sports Sports College Sports High School Sports Univ. of Alabama Coach Talk – Alabama Auburn University Coach Talk – Auburn UAB One Team at a Time NFL 42.2 Untamed Sports High School Playbook 2016 Alfa Fan Cam 2016 Dreamland BBQ Armchair Quarterback 2016 Latest Headlines Morning hoops: Winthrop defeats Manhattan 94-81 Updated: 9 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Joshua Davenport and Keon Johnson scored 22 points each Tuesday morning to lead Winthrop to a 94-81 victory over a Manhattan… NFL players meet with lawmakers to discuss police relations Updated: 10 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — A group of NFL players is on Capitol Hill to discuss ways to improve relations between police and the communities that the… Vikings cut struggling kicker Blair Walsh Updated: 9 mins ago Basketball player sues NCAA, Northwestern over transfer Updated: 9 mins ago Thomas, Olsen, Rivers, Gore among Rooney Award nominees Updated: 9 mins ago CBS42 Community The ēCO Savings Race Weekly Updates One Class at a Time Legal Minute CBS42 Winter Warm-Up Coat Drive 2016 Live Video CBS42 Live Streaming Video CBS News Live Stream Video Report It More TV Listings Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Meet the Team Advertise With Us WIAT 42 Careers Internships at WIAT 42 Contact Us Search for: Search the site 62° F Broken Clouds Hi: 71° F Lo: 46° F Brush fire extinguished in woods next to Highway 280 By Brandon Varner Published: October 27, 2016, 4:12 pm Updated: October 27, 2016, 5:16 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SYLACAUGA, Ala. (WIAT) — CBS42 News received reports of a brush fire on Highway 280 Westbound before the Sylacauga Walmart around 3:30, but at this point the fire has been extinguished. Firefighters are dampening the trees at this point to keep the flames from reigniting. According to firefighters on the scene, the blaze began due to a cigarette being flicked out of a passing vehicle. We will bring you more information as it becomes available. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Rocky Ridge Rd reopens after brush fire near Hwy 280 extinguished Brush fire extinguished near gas compression plant in Adger McCalla wildfire prompts residents to evacuate Birmingham Fire Department fighting large forest blaze near US Steel factory Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WIAT.com CBS42 on Facebook CBS42 on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIAT.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Birmingham Weather Sports Live Streaming Video CBS42 Community Report It TV Listings Station Contact Us WIAT 42 Mobile Apps WIAT 42 Careers Email alerts Text Alerts Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Sears Black Friday 2016 Sales Begin Early Posted: Oct 27 2016, 2:15pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 2 2016, 12:04pm CDT, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links.   The first Sears Black Friday 2016 sale will be on November 2. The first Sears Black Friday 2016 deals of the season will arrive on Wednesday, November 2. The three-day Sears Black Friday Now event will offer a selection of deals and Shop Your Way members can save extra. Members save extra 15% off home purchases of $50 and above with code BFN15. Don't Miss: Best Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals Update: The Sears Pre-Black Friday 2016 sale has launched on sears.com. We do not know all of the deals yet that Sears will offer in the first Black Friday Now sales event. One deal we discovered is that featured fitness and sporting goods are going to be on sale for 35% or more.  Starting already on Halloween, shoppers can find Black Friday deals from Sears Marketplace Sellers with savings ranging between 20% to 70%.  The first Black Friday 2016 deals are already available now. Walmart offers a $125 32-inch Roku Smart TV and Sam's Club sells a $998 65-inch LG 4K Ultra HD Smart TV with HDR Super and Dolby Vision. It is never too early to get ready for Black Friday. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. Find all Black Friday 2016 Ads as soon as they released in this Black Friday 2016 Ad list including the highly anticipated Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad. The first Black Friday 2016 ads are already released. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. The Black Friday 2016 sales begin as early as November 4. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Best Black Friday Deals Today 2 hours ago AAFES Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 3 hours ago Black Friday goes Mobile Online and In Stores 4 hours ago ToysRUs Black Friday 2016 Sale Begins Sunday for Members 4 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad: $398 60-inch Vizio D60N-E3 1080p TV 4 hours ago Brain Uses Colors to Help Us Choose What to Eat, Says Study 13 minutes ago Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 17 minutes ago Get Amazon Prime for Just £59 Until The Grand Tour Premiere 33 minutes ago Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 36 minutes ago Jay Leno Drives Ferrari F40 for the First Time 53 minutes ago The Grand Tour Will Use Twitter to Gauge its Popularity 58 minutes ago Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 1 hour ago Tesla Comes to LA Auto Show with Model X and Mobile Design Studio 1 hour ago The Rock is Sexiest Man Alive: Dwayne Johnson will Run for President in 2020 2 hours ago Back to the Future Like Solar Nanotech-Powered Clothes are Coming 2 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Black Friday Best Black Friday Deals Today 2 hours ago AAFES Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 3 hours ago Black Friday goes Mobile Online and In Stores 4 hours ago ToysRUs Black Friday 2016 Sale Begins Sunday for Members 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Brain Uses Colors to Help Us Choose What to Eat, Says Study 13 minutes ago Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 17 minutes ago Get Amazon Prime for Just £59 Until The Grand Tour Premiere 33 minutes ago Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 36 minutes ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
null
null
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. WIRE Amazon Could Open up to 2,000 Grocery Stores The retailer reportedly sees an opportunity to expand well beyond its 20-store pilot program. By Eugene Kim Business Insider@eugenekim222 WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Amazon wants to open 20 brick-and-mortar grocery stores over the next two years, and the online retailer believes the US market has room for up to 2,000 of its Amazon Fresh-branded grocery stores over the next decade, Business Insider has learned. Amazon is planning to operate a 20-location pilot program for its grocery stores by the end of 2018, in places like Seattle, Las Vegas, New York, Miami, and the Bay Area, according to documents viewed by Business Insider. The company wants to experiment with different versions of stores during the pilot program. Ten of the grocery stores will be "click-and-collect" drive-up spots for Amazon customers to pick up their online orders. The other 10 will be traditional stores where cart-pushing shoppers can stroll the aisles while touching, smelling, and inspecting produce and other goods for themselves. The documents draw the curtain back on Amazon's vision for the grocery stores, though the company could change course depending on business and market conditions. Physical stores are becoming increasingly central to Amazon's business ambitions as the company expands beyond its online-retailing stronghold and looks for new ways to reach customers. Besides groceries, Amazon has already opened a few physical bookstores and is building out a network of pop-up stores in malls to showcase its line of hardware products. The physical store strategy is expensive and will pit Amazon against far more experienced players, such as Walmart, which has more than 5,000 stores in the US. As Amazon has moved into the massive $800 billion grocery market, it has until now taken a measured approach. Its grocery-delivery service, Amazon Fresh, has been unusually slow to expand, rolling out in only 17 US cities and one overseas location (London) nearly a decade after its first launch in 2007. With the new stores, however, Amazon appears to be preparing for a more aggressive push into the market. Amazon declined to comment. Members only? Amazon has studied the physical grocery store market closely in recent years. An internal market research report from 2014 that was updated earlier this year focused not only on sales data from Amazon's Fresh and Prime delivery services but on market data from competing grocery stores. Amazon has wrestled with the important question of whether to open the grocery stores to the general public or limit them to members of its Prime Fresh club, who pay a $15 monthly fee to receive grocery deliveries at home. The question is cited in the "risks/concerns" section of the internal documents. The grocery market is the single largest shopping category in the US, at $800 billion in spending last year, but it's also a tricky one because of its notoriously thin profit margins and high operating costs. By going membership-only, Amazon can use the membership fees to offset the high operating costs of grocery stores. On the other hand, eliminating the membership requirement could help the stores reach a broader set of customers and increase sales faster. A Wall Street Journal report earlier this month said the first grocery stores would be available only to members of the Fresh subscription service. If the 20-store pilot program is successful, Amazon envisions opening as many as 2,000 "multifunction" stores across the US over the next 10 years. The total number of grocery stores has not been finalized and could change, but the documents refer to a proposed launch schedule of 200 stores a year, all supported by a new generation of distribution centers to replenish inventories. 'Destination' stores It's still unclear exactly what the new Amazon grocery stores will look like. Bloomberg describes the drive-through spots as "gas stations," while The Wall Street Journal characterized the grocery stores as "convenience stores." Some of the internal documents viewed by Business Insider say the drive-through spots will be 10,000 square feet in size, while physical stores could go up to 30,000 square feet. New technology like license-plate scanning or in-store kiosks are also being considered, along with a new rapid drive-through pick-up option. Some stores could be a combination of drive-through and walk-through as Amazon continues to iron out the format. Amazon believes that some of its stores will offer enough of a draw to become "destination stores" that consumers are willing to drive across town or even out of town to shop at. An Amazon grocery store under construction in Washington state and spotted by GeekWire is located in Ballard, a 25-minute drive from downtown Seattle. GeekWire also recently flagged a revealing 2013 report by the Deloitte consultant Brittain Ladd, which hints at where Amazon may be headed with its grocery stores. Ladd, who was recruited by Amazon Fresh in 2015, argued at the time that Amazon should build its own grocery retail stores that carry more than 42,000 products, with multiple shopping options like drive-throughs and touch-screen kiosks. "Amazon Fresh will only succeed as a grocery retailer if they can sell more groceries and selling more groceries requires attracting and delighting as many customers as possible through all available channels," wrote Ladd, who declined to comment for this story. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos has previously stressed the go-slow approach for grocery deliveries, saying in a 2013 annual letter to shareholders that "we'll continue our methodical approach -- measuring and refining Amazon Fresh -- with the goal of bringing this incredible service to more cities over time." After several years of "measuring and refining" grocery deliveries, Amazon looks as if it's almost ready for its grand opening. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. This story first appeared on Business Insider. Published on: Oct 27, 2016 Advertisement
null
null
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Bar set high environmentally for new Pikes Peak Summit House Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopen after 15 months Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Yes, it was all legal what the Denver Broncos did vs. Saints Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight First public recovery room for athletes opens in Colorado Springs Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal' Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pet Owners Turn to Needles to Help Injured Pets Group Tries To Swim Across The Dead Sea Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Breaking News Crews respond to house fire near Colorado Springs Country Club News: Local News Protest of Dakota Access Pipeline planned for Tuesday night in Colorado Springs Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 10:56 AM 0 Colorado Springs activists will peacefully protest the Dakota Access Pipeline being built in North Dakota with a rally at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Wells... 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump Trump to huddle with Pence as he nears Cabinet decisions Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 8:57 AM 0 NEW YORK — Sequestered in his Manhattan high-rise, Donald Trump was huddling Tuesday with Vice President-elect Mike Pence as he moved closer to filing out his Cabinet,... News: Local News Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 6:22 AM 0 Intelligent Software Solutions, the largest defense contractor based in Colorado Springs, is merging with Maryland-based Proteus Technologies and... Judge says he only just received Terry Maketa grand jury transcripts Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 6:20 AM 0 The judge presiding over a criminal case against ex-El Paso County sheriff Terry Maketa and two... Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopen after 15 months Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 8:10 AM 0 On most mornings for more than a year, Christina Archuleta and her husband didn't need an alarm... Latest Local Crews respond to house fire near Colorado Springs Country Club By: Debbie Kelley - 0 min ago 127 Colorado Springs-area holiday events 34 min ago Homecoming season continues at Fort Carson By: Chhun Sun - 1 hr ago Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results By: Jon Murray, The Denver Post - 2 hr ago Shots fired near Palmer Park in Colorado Springs By: Debbie Kelley - 2 hr ago First public recovery room for athletes opens in Colorado Springs By: Jen Mulson - 3 hr ago AAA Colorado predicts another record-setting Thanksgiving travel season By: Debbie Kelley - 3 hr ago Top Stories The Latest: Pentagon still waiting to hear from Trump 1 hr ago 'I thought, this is it': One man's escape from an Islamic State massacre By: Loveday Morris, The Washington Post - 1 hr ago Mazda issues car recall; fuel leaks may cause fire By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago Conservatives to Congress: Don't touch the earmark ban Tue, Nov 15, 2016 US warship diverts to help New Zealand quake evacuation By: NICK PERRY, Associated Press - 4 hr ago Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment By: MATTHEW DALY and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 4 hr ago Chelsea Manning petitions Obama for clemency on her 35-year prison sentence By: Ellen Nakashima, The Washington Post - 4 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Ormao Dance Company Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer win 4A state title in volleyball AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 15 fascinating presidential facts you probably don't know 10 great political films for a stranger-than-fiction race Cubs win the World Series 50th Country Music Awards Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 0 min ago Crews respond to house fire near Colorado Springs Country Club 34 min ago 127 Colorado Springs-area holiday events 1 hr ago Homecoming season continues at Fort Carson 2 hr ago Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results 2 hr ago Shots fired near Palmer Park in Colorado Springs 3 hr ago First public recovery room for athletes opens in Colorado Springs 3 hr ago AAA Colorado predicts another record-setting Thanksgiving travel season Most Read Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Chili’s apologizes after manager takes back free meal on Veterans Day LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopen after 15 months '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman New place for Mexican dining in Colorado Springs a bit hidden Chelsea Manning petitions Obama for clemency on her 35-year prison sentence Broncos-Chiefs game on Nov. 27 moved to 'Sunday Night Football' Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Sports 1 hr ago LA addresses Trump factor; 3 cities make 2024 Olympic pitch 3 hr ago College hockey notebook: Air Force's tough schedule continues at No. 18 Western Michigan 3 hr ago Former UCCS star Derrick White helps Colorado to win over Seattle 13 hr ago Trevor Lyons returns to form, helps Air Force dismantle Jacksonville 14 hr ago Denver's safeties had a monster game against Saints 15 hr ago Arion Worthman continues to grow into role as Air Force's quarterback 15 hr ago Gazette Preps Peak Performer of the Week, Michaela Putnicki, Lewis-Palmer volleyball Business 3 min ago Twitter adds new options to curb abuse, harassment 6 min ago Pipeline company seeks court permission to proceed with plan 11 min ago Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease 22 min ago Markets Right Now: Energy, tech gains drive stocks higher 35 min ago Tinder update allows gender options beyond 'man,' 'woman' 48 min ago AAA predicting biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years 48 min ago United aims at budget travelers with 'Basic Economy' fares Opinion 3 hr ago LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S. 3 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans 4 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Time to rethink our basic political ideas 20 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future Mon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religion Sun, Nov 13, 2016 EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may do Sun, Nov 13, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach Elections 2 hr ago Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results Yesterday Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Sun, Nov 13, 2016 Weighing the potential of a Trump presidency from a military point of view Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Donald Trump on '60 Minutes': Hillary Clinton 'couldn't have been nicer' Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Safety pin campaign signals post-election support for minorities Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Zuckerberg: 'Crazy' to say Facebook influenced election Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Denver students leave class to protest Trump Around the Web Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts 45 min ago New play explores a world in which everyone must watch what they say 1 hr ago ‘Ape in heels’: W.Va. officials under fire after comments about Michelle Obama 1 hr ago VIDEO: Burglar dressed as ninja takes katana sword from card shop 2 hr ago Crud on your cellphone screen reveals more about your life than you might think 2 hr ago Swimmers attempt 7-hour crawl across shrinking Dead Sea 2 hr ago Chili’s manager who took vet's meal on Veterans Day placed on leave Latest Videos Pet Owners Turn to Needles to Help Injured Pets Group Tries To Swim Across The Dead Sea Pikes Peak region forecast Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Priebus Tapped as White House Chief of Staff Raw: Anniversary of Attacks Marked Across Paris Air Force defenseman Matt Koch on Saturday's home win over RIT The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title Recovery Through Sport in Colorado Springs Saluting our Veterans on Veterans Day Get A Job Monday: Spoiler Dude wants You! Sports Latest Sports College hockey notebook: Air Force's tough schedule continues at No. 18 Western Michigan3 hr ago Former UCCS star Derrick White helps Colorado to win over Seattle3 hr ago Trevor Lyons returns to form, helps Air Force dismantle Jacksonville13 hr ago Arion Worthman continues to grow into role as Air Force's quarterback15 hr ago Broncos Denver's safeties had a monster game against Saints14 hr ago Yes, it was all legal what the Denver Broncos did vs. Saints20 hr ago Broncos-Chiefs game on Nov. 27 moved to 'Sunday Night Football'22 hr ago Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the BayouYesterday Photo Galleries Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer win 4A state title in volleyball AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Cubs win the World Series Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may doSun, Nov 13, 2016 Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOPSat, Nov 12, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean waterFri, Nov 11, 2016 EDITORIAL: With variety of choices, voters opt to have balance in ColoradoThu, Nov 10, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S.3 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans3 hr ago LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religionMon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: The people have spoken; 2016 has been an amazing yearFri, Nov 11, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Time to rethink our basic political ideas4 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future20 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preachSun, Nov 13, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Old soldiers continue to fight their wars and rememberFri, Nov 11, 2016 Local News Local News Crews respond to house fire near Colorado Springs Country Club0 min ago 127 Colorado Springs-area holiday events34 min ago Homecoming season continues at Fort Carson1 hr ago Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results2 hr ago Local and State Politics Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results2 hr ago Colorado Springs Council redistricting from mid-October plan stands17 hr ago Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile20 hr ago Turnover among El Paso County commissioners could end long-standing divisionYesterday Local Business InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hubYesterday Colorado Springs' Norris-Penrose aims for year-round exhibitions with renovation of indoor arenaSat, Nov 12, 2016 Colorado Springs business a finalist in video contestFri, Nov 11, 2016 Economist: Cybersecurity industry trying to fill 450 jobs in Colorado SpringsFri, Nov 11, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World UK government rejects report claiming it has no Brexit plan1 min ago US judge orders FBI, CIA to disclose Occupy surveillanceTue, Nov 15, 2016 Diamond earrings star at Christie's jewels auction in Geneva0 min ago The Latest: Judge moves Bergdahl trial to April 20173 min ago Military The Latest: Judge moves Bergdahl trial to April 20173 min ago US judge orders FBI, CIA to disclose Occupy surveillanceTue, Nov 15, 2016 Pipeline company seeks court permission to proceed with plan7 min ago The Latest: 'Honeymoon is over,' says new Kansas State prez15 min ago Blogs Wounded Warrior Scholarship recipients to be honored14 min ago Another Arizona State hockey arena deal brewing23 hr ago Ramsey Rapid Reaction: 3 reasons why Broncos survived SaintsSun, Nov 13, 2016 Air Force notebook: Falcons praise Colorado State receiverSun, Nov 13, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Shots fired near Palmer Park in Colorado Springs2 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area16 hr ago Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police18 hr ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman19 hr ago National Crime California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrested20 hr ago Alaska officer 'ambushed' and shot multiple times, police saySat, Nov 12, 2016 Successful real-estate firm built during hidden crime spreeSat, Nov 12, 2016 Principal of Denver metro high school arrested, suspendedFri, Nov 11, 2016 Life Life Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season24 min ago 127 Colorado Springs-area holiday events32 min ago First public recovery room for athletes opens in Colorado Springs3 hr ago Colorado Springs area pet adoption fairs and events starting Nov. 15, 2016Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Arts and Entertainment New play explores a world in which everyone must watch what they say45 min ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty4 hr ago Celebrity birthdays for Nov. 15, 2016Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal'18 hr ago Religion Parallel lives? Trump and BerlusconiSat, Nov 12, 2016 Muslim Americans reassure their children and prepare for a new dayFri, Nov 11, 2016 Pope Francis meets ex-priests in gesture of mercyFri, Nov 11, 2016 On Veterans Day, a chaplain’s saluteFri, Nov 11, 2016 National National Politics Leader of bridge probe Wisniewski announces run for governor14 min ago SD-YouthMinimumWage-All,10045 min ago US-MedicalMarijuana-All,10045 min ago MO-VoterID-All,10045 min ago National Business Twitter adds new options to curb abuse, harassment2 min ago Pipeline company seeks court permission to proceed with plan5 min ago Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease9 min ago Markets Right Now: Energy, tech gains drive stocks higher20 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
null
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Ex-French Pres. Sarkozy Campaigns for Conservative Party Nomination Police Deployed in Athens as Demonstrators Protest Ex-Police Officer's Murder Trial in Charleston, SC Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video How Service Dogs Help Veterans with PTSD More Rescue dog 'Gander' is travelling the country to show the influence service dogs can have on their partners. 5:33 | 10/27/16 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for How Service Dogs Help Veterans with PTSD What we have with our at all we like our 2016. Here dogs servicer adult of the year. Area actually blonde I'm on this story would monitor Lund thank you so much for an air talent about this sneak the how he intends. Mcginnis a six year old left doodle you'll be getting here three pieces. We've we've been together for yours now 24 sevenths support and prodigy for. We are actually watching. Should the watching especially TV about service. And and on the off chance you get when Michael field service us intends. And said welcome for an interview and went through the arduous process of that that involvement in some moments later and had in well. Really fortuitous again it was. But the time was being in the women's correctional facility in. And it gators Casey rescue as well it was a risky. Now I hope you don't mind me disclosing his New York veteran who gets yourself if you have struggled with PT ST if he had banners and some fiscal issues and. Get a cup with that a lot early on and that's kind of movement that certainly everything's done. Matter if that's up. As a result U concept art that they that you think if they announcement sliding it back. It's true I think and assist the saliva for you know any time did you talk to any handler who's who's got a service. The tightness toasted oats literally. Literally figured you know I couldn't be. You're really nice personal we could have done this to. Yes with just think decades going out and being in crowds. David is yet that we're talking in the way over roasting in the first probably the first. Three months partly for probably the worst would get there because it was. You know. Until puke yeah ideas that everybody might interact with him and I don't want to be when people you know for a little you know stuff but it. But it but now it's Perry and argue that's travel the country right Wheeler. We educate people about service dogs and the work that they can do. Minister in nine states so far arrangement with the rest of them done here before. But the next year OK again and we've we've talked everything from rotary clubs in elementary schools it Wal-Mart corporation. Doing that. And the talking about access and invisible disabilities about. Special people recovery for trauma of the human human. We're talking about it can actually give people two wonderful things and people respond again and when they for I mean assessed. Lead at cantor yesterday hey you know eight delegate everything and so everybody has I is that there's only one. One great dog never but he adds that it you know but but get a gander really is special and and he has this ability to. To allow people to drop the eagle boundaries that talk about things that are hurting them. Two to talk but we'll take to human it's it's very special thing. Do you think it is made in your I mean that's cities are at this age like that you know shoot. He's been a better person and you know I think when it thinks it happens with keep kids is yours. Knew when I switch yourself when bureau people. Your its thank you don't have some gainers in eleven outside my hitting and and it wasn't for many many years with the I was a teacher Alison military officers on the things that statement. Let's have an isolated some candor allowed B Denton and and in a lot of anger gets pulled them but to hear angry yourself you're engaged in disease through anchored off kinds of things. And. I can be anger at a hacking in or how he got angry and I'm saying is thing I can be anything but another rescued him. What an incredible message to. You don't give me a second chance. We're gander. At four. And you have this. Thousands of followers on Twitter candor has had a quarter million on face PM about 400000 cross support and then that was sent. That's really wonderful and we've met relentless people who travel over the country. And we do so things we called as we travel to do educational seminars. If you some things we call packs planned acts of community classical pianist pack OK and and so will go to graver ovens that you know and national cemetery war. Will provide an interactive device or something. A disability or. The business of hospital you know we've we've done you know literally dozens of acts of years so that's really Spanish and it is. You wearing a candidate for president I think I'm amber. And asked can you tell wield enormous platform that will not run again what's the idea McClellan in every home for afterward and big acts actually does. There's a really great group and and in MB worth a clip from his Oscar Mike and in its. Dream that uses a wheelchair to get around. And and and they have an apparel company in the asked if he could use they can again as speaker of the month when month in and use it to. And they use the money to buy it that the devices or for certain people into two at that distorts events sold so we sit. Of course it's OK and it's great couldn't. It it this has been a lot of in latitude so that you know the only candidate that does indeed believe should include. That but it's not that we hope that you are social media wanting an area around I think publicly any candidate. And of the dynasty you went writing again. They confidently. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: 4 Military Dogs Received the Nation's Highest Honor for Their Service Now Playing: Thousands of Bunker Fish Found Dead in Long Island Canal Now Playing: Chili's Removes Manager Who Took Away Vet's Meal Now Playing: Trash Man Finds Treasure With a Toddler Fan Now Playing: Siblings Affect Kids' Behavior More Than Parents, Study Shows Now Playing: Should You Secretly Monitor Your Child's Cellphone? Now Playing: Judge Orders Release of 'Making a Murderer' Subject Brendan Dassey Now Playing: Megyn Kelly's New Book Reveals Encounters with Donald Trump and Roger Ailes Now Playing: Award-winning Journalist Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 Now Playing: Hot Car Verdict Finds Father Guilty on All Counts Now Playing: Missouri Prisoner Escapes After Doors Left Open Now Playing: President Obama Weighs In on Donald Trump's Presidency Now Playing: Wildfires Scorch, Smother Southeastern States Now Playing: Protester Tackled During Anti-Trump Demonstration at Ohio State Now Playing: A Heart-Warming Tribute to Longtime Journalist Gwen Ifill Now Playing: Index: Yoga Instructor Arrested Again for Alleged Murder of Identical Twin Now Playing: Firefighters Unite From Around the Country to Battle Southeast Wildfires Now Playing: Georgia Father Found Guilty of Murder in Hot Car Death Now Playing: Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death Now Playing: Meet the First All-Girl Quintuplets Born in the U.S. Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":43105282,"title":"How Service Dogs Help Veterans with PTSD","duration":"5:33","description":"Rescue dog 'Gander' is travelling the country to show the influence service dogs can have on their partners.","url":"/US/video/service-dogs-veterans-ptsd-43105282","section":"US","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Children's ride-on Polaris vehicle recalled for fire, burn hazards Print Email Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com By Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com AL.com Follow on Twitter on October 27, 2016 at 2:55 PM comments A children's ride-on toy vehicle has been recalled because a relay on the circuit board can fail, causing the product's motor to overheat and catch fire. Peg Perego 850 Polaris Sportsman ride-on vehicle (front view). The recall involves Peg Perego's ATV-style 850 Polaris Sportsman ride-on, which was sold for $500 to $600 on Amazon.com, Cabelas.com, Target.com, ToysRUs.com and Walmart.com. "Peg Perego has received three reports of the children's ride-on toy vehicles overheating, including one report of a burn," the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission website said. "Consumers should immediately stop children from using the recalled toy vehicles and contact Peg Perego to receive a free replacement circuit board with instructions, including shipping." The item was made in the U.S. and sold from October 2014 to May 2015. Peg Perego said it is contacting known customers directly about the recall. Click here to see if you have one of the vehicles. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Don't Miss School Board Approves Local Resident’s Request to Service Three Bus Routes Volleyball Season Ends In First Round of Districts Bears Beat Willow Springs At Home; Will Host Strafford In District Play Ava 7th & 8th Grade Girls Compete In Cabool Volleyball Tournament Lady Bears Fall To Hartville In Championship Douglas County Herald Shop Featured Story Area News Douglas County City of Ava City Council General Interest Crime Events Farm & Garden Health Local Residents Local Students Political Reunions The Snoop Looking Backward Letter To The Editor What About This? School News Sports Sports Schedules Local Students Obituaries Legals Correspondents Contact Us Rack Locations Home / _Correspondents / Quad Cities / Quad Cities Quad Cities Posted by: News Server 2 in Quad Cities October 27, 2016 0 1 Views 10-21-16. Hello everyone. How blessed we are to wake up once again to beautiful sunshine, cool temperatures and all those beautiful fall colors. And Tipton, Iowa is one of the very best places to see them. Everywhere you look in every direction there’s a bright breathtaking splash of bright colors. All of the oranges, reds, yellows and some yellowish light greens. God is a great artist. None like him. Well, we made the trek back up to the Quad Cities Area this week and ran the errands up there. We didn’t see anyone we knew this time. We had to keep postponing it because of the weather that never did get here. There’s so many things this little Wal-Mart in Tipton doesn’t have like the one in Silvis, IL. We thought we might see you in there Dee, but didn’t. We had perishables in our groceries so we decided to come on home. We will sure try to catch you next time. We look forward to seeing you when we’re up there or when you’re out here in Tipton again. We sure enjoyed that. We got a call from Rene, Walt and Dee’s niece, and we plan for them to meet us the next time too. She said her husband and Joe had went back to work, but it was too hard on him so he had to quit again. I think she said he’s still in rehab for his back. I’m going to try to arrange it so I can go see my little two year old great-great granddaughter at her dance classes. I know it will be so, so cute. I need to get the camcorder out and get some footage with that too. Well, we had to go pick up some of my meds at Wal-Mart yesterday, swung by the bank and filled the car with gas so as far as I know, we don’t have to go anywhere today. Just try to get some work done around the house. One of the smoke alarms is beeping in the ceiling so I have to stand on something and put a new battery in that. And different things to do towards getting ready for the “c” word (cold). I’m sure not looking forward to that, but at least we don’t have to get out every day to go to work and back. We worry about our loved ones who do. Walt saw a Robin out there this morning. I haven’t seen one for a long time now. This must have been a straggler on it’s way south for the winter. Well, I guess that’s it for me this time. So “I trust you Jesus.” Take care of yoursevles and bye, bye for now. Premium 2016-10-27 News Server 2 tweet Tagged with: Premium Previous: One Accord Ministry Next: Red Bank Church About News Server 2 Related Articles Quad Cities November 14, 2016 Quad Cities November 4, 2016 Quad Cities October 20, 2016 General Interest Bunco Meets November 14, 2016 Douglas/Ozark Counties Retired School Personnel Meeting October 1, 2016 November 4, 2016 Missouri Weekly Fuel Update and Outlook November 3, 2016 Mike Cunningham article November 3, 2016 What About This…? 10.27.2016 November 1, 2016 School Board Approves Local Resident’s Request to Service Three Bus Routes November 1, 2016 What About This…? 10.20.2016 October 25, 2016 Starworkers October 20, 2016 Camp Piland Retreat October 20, 2016 Douglas Co. Historical Society Meeting Held On September 19 October 18, 2016 Douglas County Sheriff’s Office Activity Report October 18, 2016 Veterinary Feed Directive Explained At Upcoming Meetings October 18, 2016 National Walk To School Day October 18, 2016 Ava School Board Hires Interim Superintendent October 14, 2016 Miller-Hall Reunion October 14, 2016 Annual Glade Top Trail Festival This Sunday October 13, 2016 Absentee Ballots May Be Voted Now For November Election October 6, 2016 Wednesday, Oct. 12 Is Deadline to Register For November Election October 6, 2016 Ava Graduate to Appear In Branson With Nationally Renowned Express Clydesdales October 6, 2016 Ava Beats Thayer 34-19 To Spoil Bobcats’ Homecoming October 6, 2016 Four School Reunion Held In Ava October 6, 2016 The Snoop 10.6.2016 October 6, 2016 Highway Patrol Investigates Wrecks In Area October 6, 2016 Categories Categories Select Category City of Ava    City Council Classified Ads Crime Douglas County Events Farm & Garden Featured Story General Interest Health Legals Letter To The Editor Local Residents Local Students Looking Backward Missouri State News Obituaries Political Reflections Reunions School News    School Menus    Sports    Sports Schedules The Snoop What About This? _Correspondents    Accord Ministry    Almartha    Arno    Ava Assembly of God    Ava General Baptist    Ava Saddle Club    Ava Senior Center    Ava Seventh Day Adventist    Basher News    Bethany Baptist    Black Jack Community Church    Black Oak Church    Bradleyville News    Breedon Church    Caney Church News    Champion    Church of the Living God    County Line    Dogwood – The Higher Calling    Dogwood Ramblings    Eastern Gate & Around the Mountain    Faith Rock Church    Foil    Fourth Sunday Singing    Friendship News    Gentry    Gentryville    Gentryville Church    Gentryville Church of God    Girdner Church    Goodhope News    Happy Home Church    Heart of the Ozarks Healthcare Center    Highlonesome    Holy Ghost Tabernacle Hill    Kiwanis    Little Creek    Mt. Olive Church    Mt. Tabor    Mt. Zion News    Murray Church    New Hope Freewill Baptist    Norwood Gleanings    Oak Grove Church    Olga    One Accord Ministries    Quad Cities    Rainbow Ridge    Random Ritings    Red Bank News    Red Bud News    Rock Chapel    Rome    Sandy Church News    Smallett News    St. Francis Church    Starworkers    Sweden Church    T.O.P.S.    Tecumseh    Thornfield Southern Baptist Church    Wasola Find us on Facebook News in Pictures Political Absentee Ballots May Be Voted Now For November Election October 6, 2016 Wednesday, Oct. 12 Is Deadline to Register For November Election October 6, 2016 Sen. Roy Blunt’s Mobile Office Will Be In Ava Sept. 13 September 3, 2016 Analysis: Amendment 3 Is Loaded With Benefits For Big Tobacco August 21, 2016 Unofficial Results for August 2nd 2016 Primary August 2, 2016 Events Calendar of Events November 14, 2016 Calendar of Events November 4, 2016 Calendar of Events October 27, 2016 Calendar of Events October 20, 2016 Douglas Co. Historical Society Meeting Held On September 19 October 18, 2016 Legals Tim Carnall legal November 14, 2016 Terry Wagner legal November 4, 2016 S.L.F. legal October 27, 2016 R.L.F. legal October 27, 2016 John Cahill legal October 27, 2016 © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved. | Douglas County Herald
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Amazon courts food shoppers By Associated Press Published: 16:46 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 16:46 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon wants you to order your turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce online this Thanksgiving — its latest effort to make its Prime subscription service a central part of food shopping, much the way it's done for other consumer goods. Right before the cooking-heavy months of November and December, Amazon rolled out a monthly payment option for its grocery delivery service, AmazonFresh. On Monday it expanded to several new cities including Chicago and Dallas. Amazon — which has been working on expanding grocery delivery since 2007 — is taking aim at the $650 billion grocery industry. It's a highly competitive arena filled with rivals like Walmart and Instacart trying to lure customers away from traditional grocery stores. Some reports suggest that Amazon plans to open grocery stores of its own, but the company has declined to comment. FILE - This Sept. 6, 2012, file photo, shows the Amazon logo in Santa Monica, Calif. Amazon reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. The company, which has been expanding its grocery delivery efforts for almost a decade, now wants you to order your turkey online this Thanksgiving. It¿s just its latest effort to make its Prime subscription service a central part of food shopping the way it has for other consumer goods. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon, File) "Grocery is a massive market opportunity for them," said R.W. Baird analyst Colin Sebastian. It's a notoriously tough business with low margins, since it's expensive to store and transport produce. But Amazon has spent years ironing out the kinks with its delivery service, he said. Amazon near-decade of experimentation "gives them the scale and expertise that comes with time, allowing them not only to fine tune the service, but also perhaps accelerate the rollout into other areas," Sebastian said. HUMBLE BEGINNINGS Amazon started its grocery delivery business around its home town of Seattle, and has since expanded to about 18 cities and regions, including London and New York. It has changed its pricing structure, too, having started with an annual $299 fee that included Prime membership. Its monthly pricing program — $15 a month for members of its $99-a-year Prime loyalty program — started earlier this month. Amazon doesn't disclose whether or not grocery delivery is profitable, but analysts say it's probably not. Rather, it's a way to drive revenue growth and hook users into the idea that they can buy every product from Amazon. "They have a user base with Prime that is inclined to use Amazon, and they're clearly leveraging that loyal membership base," Sebastian said. Amazon's monthly pricing model could indicate the business has become less of a money loser. "I think they've gotten to the point they can be more flexible," Sebastian said. "It's an expensive business to run and that flexibility in pricing shows they've gained some efficiencies." EVER-EXPANDING PRIME Amazon has been continuously adding services to its Prime loyalty program, which offers free two-day shipping on many items and boasts an estimated 65 million members (Amazon does not disclose the figure). It also includes streaming music and video, photo storage and other perks. Adding services like grocery delivery and original video programming costs money, but Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos says it's worth it because Prime members spend more at Amazon. "If you become a Prime member you buy more from us," he said at a luncheon in New York on Thursday. And people that watch Prime Instant Video, for example, are more likely to convert from free trials to paid Prime membership, and are more likely to renew their Prime membership in subsequent years, he said. "That's what closes the loop from the business angle," he said. After posting little-to-no profit for years each quarter as it invested in its business, Amazon has begun to balance spending with revenue more prudently and has reported a profit in each of the past five quarters. On Thursday, Amazon said net income tripled to $252 million, or 52 cents per share, from $79 million, or 17 cents per share, in the prior-year quarter. That missed analyst expectations of 85 cents per share, according to Zacks Investment Research. Revenue jumped 29 percent to $32.71 billion in the period, which topped Street forecasts. Twelve analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $32.57 billion. For the current quarter ending in December, Amazon said it expects revenue in the range of $42 billion to $45.5 billion. Analysts surveyed by Zacks had expected revenue of $44.7 billion. The third quarter is a seasonally light one compared to the bustling holiday quarter coming up. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Don't Miss School Board Approves Local Resident’s Request to Service Three Bus Routes Volleyball Season Ends In First Round of Districts Bears Beat Willow Springs At Home; Will Host Strafford In District Play Ava 7th & 8th Grade Girls Compete In Cabool Volleyball Tournament Lady Bears Fall To Hartville In Championship Douglas County Herald Shop Featured Story Area News Douglas County City of Ava City Council General Interest Crime Events Farm & Garden Health Local Residents Local Students Political Reunions The Snoop Looking Backward Letter To The Editor What About This? School News Sports Sports Schedules Local Students Obituaries Legals Correspondents Contact Us Rack Locations Home / _Correspondents / Foil / Foil Foil Posted by: News Server 2 in Foil October 27, 2016 0 1 Views Good morning! Well, it’s Monday morning and I’m just trying to think of something to write. I went to the benefit for Bob Lawson at the Wasola Fire. Dept. on Saturday evening. There was lots of good food. I got to visit with several people I hadn’t seen for a while. I had a good short visit with Karen Degase at Wal-Mart one day this week. Lindsay came over and went hunting with Ethan on Saturday evening. We had good services at Frye Church yesterday. Also a dedication of baby Zoey to the Lord. She’s a sweet little girl who gets lots of attention. Well, it’s about fire building time. I did build a little fire in the fireplace on Saturday night. Me and Lindsey both thought it felt good, after all, it’s almost November. I told someone that I guess my entertainment is going to the Dr. It seems like that’s the only place I go anymore. I really didn’t think these golden years would be like this. Well, I guess I’d better get busy and get a little work done. So until next week, remember God loves you! Premium 2016-10-27 News Server 2 tweet Tagged with: Premium Previous: Dogwood Ramblings Next: Friendship News About News Server 2 Related Articles Foil November 14, 2016 Foil October 20, 2016 Foil January 29, 2016 General Interest Bunco Meets November 14, 2016 Douglas/Ozark Counties Retired School Personnel Meeting October 1, 2016 November 4, 2016 Missouri Weekly Fuel Update and Outlook November 3, 2016 Mike Cunningham article November 3, 2016 What About This…? 10.27.2016 November 1, 2016 School Board Approves Local Resident’s Request to Service Three Bus Routes November 1, 2016 What About This…? 10.20.2016 October 25, 2016 Starworkers October 20, 2016 Camp Piland Retreat October 20, 2016 Douglas Co. Historical Society Meeting Held On September 19 October 18, 2016 Douglas County Sheriff’s Office Activity Report October 18, 2016 Veterinary Feed Directive Explained At Upcoming Meetings October 18, 2016 National Walk To School Day October 18, 2016 Ava School Board Hires Interim Superintendent October 14, 2016 Miller-Hall Reunion October 14, 2016 Annual Glade Top Trail Festival This Sunday October 13, 2016 Absentee Ballots May Be Voted Now For November Election October 6, 2016 Wednesday, Oct. 12 Is Deadline to Register For November Election October 6, 2016 Ava Graduate to Appear In Branson With Nationally Renowned Express Clydesdales October 6, 2016 Ava Beats Thayer 34-19 To Spoil Bobcats’ Homecoming October 6, 2016 Four School Reunion Held In Ava October 6, 2016 The Snoop 10.6.2016 October 6, 2016 Highway Patrol Investigates Wrecks In Area October 6, 2016 Categories Categories Select Category City of Ava    City Council Classified Ads Crime Douglas County Events Farm & Garden Featured Story General Interest Health Legals Letter To The Editor Local Residents Local Students Looking Backward Missouri State News Obituaries Political Reflections Reunions School News    School Menus    Sports    Sports Schedules The Snoop What About This? _Correspondents    Accord Ministry    Almartha    Arno    Ava Assembly of God    Ava General Baptist    Ava Saddle Club    Ava Senior Center    Ava Seventh Day Adventist    Basher News    Bethany Baptist    Black Jack Community Church    Black Oak Church    Bradleyville News    Breedon Church    Caney Church News    Champion    Church of the Living God    County Line    Dogwood – The Higher Calling    Dogwood Ramblings    Eastern Gate & Around the Mountain    Faith Rock Church    Foil    Fourth Sunday Singing    Friendship News    Gentry    Gentryville    Gentryville Church    Gentryville Church of God    Girdner Church    Goodhope News    Happy Home Church    Heart of the Ozarks Healthcare Center    Highlonesome    Holy Ghost Tabernacle Hill    Kiwanis    Little Creek    Mt. Olive Church    Mt. Tabor    Mt. Zion News    Murray Church    New Hope Freewill Baptist    Norwood Gleanings    Oak Grove Church    Olga    One Accord Ministries    Quad Cities    Rainbow Ridge    Random Ritings    Red Bank News    Red Bud News    Rock Chapel    Rome    Sandy Church News    Smallett News    St. Francis Church    Starworkers    Sweden Church    T.O.P.S.    Tecumseh    Thornfield Southern Baptist Church    Wasola Find us on Facebook News in Pictures Political Absentee Ballots May Be Voted Now For November Election October 6, 2016 Wednesday, Oct. 12 Is Deadline to Register For November Election October 6, 2016 Sen. Roy Blunt’s Mobile Office Will Be In Ava Sept. 13 September 3, 2016 Analysis: Amendment 3 Is Loaded With Benefits For Big Tobacco August 21, 2016 Unofficial Results for August 2nd 2016 Primary August 2, 2016 Events Calendar of Events November 14, 2016 Calendar of Events November 4, 2016 Calendar of Events October 27, 2016 Calendar of Events October 20, 2016 Douglas Co. Historical Society Meeting Held On September 19 October 18, 2016 Legals Tim Carnall legal November 14, 2016 Terry Wagner legal November 4, 2016 S.L.F. legal October 27, 2016 R.L.F. legal October 27, 2016 John Cahill legal October 27, 2016 © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved. | Douglas County Herald
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > Altitude Trampoline Park is Coming to Gulfport, Mississippi Altitude Trampoline Park is Coming to Gulfport, Mississippi Saturday, 23 April 2016 Fort Worth, TX based Vertical LLC, d.b.a. Altitude Trampoline Park, has announced an agreement is in place for a 43,000 sq. ft. facility in Gulfport, Next to the Wal-Mart off Highway 49 N. Gulfport, Mississippi (PRWEB) April 23, 2016 Altitude Trampoline Park is opening Mississippi's largest trampoline park this summer in Gulfport, MS. Preparations on site have begun and the huge 43,000 square foot facility is expected to be in full operation by Summer of 2016. The indoor air conditioned facility will include a variety of specific activities such as a large open court of inter-connected trampolines, jousting battle beam, kids zone, gymnastics "tumble tracks," multiple dodgeball courts and 3D dodgeball, basketball dunking goals, foam pits, and a flying trapeze. There will be large rooms to host private parties and plenty of in-park party areas for birthdays, school field trips, corporate events, church groups, sports teams or any size group who is ready to jump high and burn off some energy. “Altitude sets the standard in trampoline family entertainment. We are the leader in customer service, cleanliness, safety, and in growth potential as we support all our franchise parks from every angle.” – Curt Skallerup, Altitude- President/CEO. Altitude Trampoline Park will be the largest trampoline park on the Gulf Coast and they are thrilled to bring this high flying one of kind attraction to the Gulfport community. Altitude Trampoline Park in Gulfport is a family entertainment venue for all ages and exceeds the "NFL's Play 60 - American Heart Association" requirements for exercise fitness. “Our parks offer state of the art equipment, high energy entertainment at affordable prices for families, groups and more. Altitude Trampoline Park places a sharp focus on providing a safe, clean, family friendly environment that will set our park apart.” – Jeff Rutten- Altitude- COO. Visit the website at http://www.AltitudeGulfport.com for employment information, opening dates and birthday party reservations. Like us on our Facebook page Altitude Trampoline Park – Gulfport to see exciting park developments and special information on our grand opening festivities coming this summer. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases HIPAA SECURITY & Privacy Official - Roles and Responsibilities Seminar (Philadelphia, PA, United States - January 5th-6th, 2017) - Research and Markets RiskSense CEO to Explain Role of ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE in Cyber Security at Jeffries Group Summit Leading Genome Research Center Catalyzes Technology Partnership Between DNAnexus and MICROSOFT to Support Data Management and Genomic Analysis Dallas to Host Biggest Franchise Expo in the Southern UNITED STATES Industry Leading ‘TRAVEL Risk Map 2017’ Reveals Latest TRAVEL and Medical Risk Ratings Worldwide, from International SOS and Control Risks N-Hance Wood Renewal® Planning Franchise Expansion in the LOS ANGELES and Orange County area KINGSTAR Launches Open Software Platform for Real-Time, PC-Based Motion Control and Machine Vision in EUROPE SHAREHOLDER ALERT: GOLDBERG Law PC Announces an Investigation of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm The ESTéE LAUDER COMPANIES to Acquire Too Faced Wishes for Olivia: Be Our Guest at the 4th Annual Toronto Princess Ball in Support of Make-A-Wish CANADA Twitter AltitudeSpring-Klein Altitude Trampoline Park is coming soon to the Spring-Klein community! The fun begins in early 2017 at 4710 Spring… https://t.co/lXT56TQ4Ne 1 week ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Mike Pence Gwen Ifill Dwayne Johnson Current Topics Sexiest Man Alive Students Extradition Islamist Michelle Obama Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Fayetteville makes Forbes 2016 list of Best Places for Business and Careers By Dustin Bartholomew ·   October 27, 2016  Photo: Todd Gill, Flyer staff Another day, another best of list for Fayetteville. This time, it’s ranked No. 24 on Forbes Magazine’s 2016 Best Places for Business and Careers. According to a new article released Oct. 19, Forbes looked at the 200 largest metro areas by population in the U.S., and rated them based on 14 metrics related to job growth, costs (business and living), income growth, quality of life and the education of the labor force. Fayetteville came in at No. 24, the top market in the state of Arkansas and the highest ranking city among SEC college towns on the list. Other Arkansas cities ranked included Little Rock at No. 84, and Fort Smith at No. 192. According to statistics gathered by Forbes, the Fayetteville metro area has a median household income of $51,369, a median home price of $140,700, and a gross metro product of over $23 billion. Unemployment is low at just 2.9%, job growth is ranked 11th in the nation at 5%, and cost of living is 8.2% below the national average. The University of Arkansas, and proximity to Walmart, Tyson, and J.B. Hunt were likely factors in Fayetteville’s high ranking. The charm of the downtown area was also mentioned in Fayetteville’s profile. “Some of Fayetteville’s highlights include the town square, where a farmer’s market is held seasonally, and Dickson Street, a narrow street lined with shops and restaurants that runs through the center of the city to the University of Arkansas,” the article states. “The Walton Arts Center is also located in this popular district and is a performing arts center that presents plays, concerts and other cultural events.” For the first time this year, Forbes incorporated a new metric in their data as well, measuring the amount of “highly educated millennials” in each metro areas’ workforces. “In addition to being an excellent source of trainable labor, highly educated millennials provide cities with the type of vibrancy and creativity that companies are increasingly looking for,” said Jeff Lessard, a consultant for Cushman & Wakefield who helps companies decide where to relocate. Fayetteville’s newly enacted civil rights ordinance also likely helped in the rankings. According to the article, the study this year “also factored in laws that protect people from employment discrimination based on sexual and/or gender identity in light the controversies and corporate backlash regarding recent legislation in Arizona, Indiana and North Carolina.” Denver, Colorado topped the list for the second straight year, followed by: Provo, Utah; Raleigh, North Carolina; Seattle, Washington; and Portland, Oregon.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Daily News Updates Sign up for a simple once-a-day email with headlines and excerpts to all of the previous day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click here to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Archives Legal Contact Us © 2007-2016 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy


Contests e-Edition Obits 2° Light rain Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports Rockets Warriors BC Games NFL UBCO Heat Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds BC Jobs Connect with Us     News Wheelchair stolen from West Kelowna Walmart Photograph taken from the www.motioncomposites.com website which depicts a Helio 7 wheelchair similar to the one stolen. — image credit: contributed     West Kelowna posted Oct 27, 2016 at 11:00 AM RCMP wish to quickly re-unite theft victim with their mobility device after a senseless Wednesday afternoon crime. The West Kelowna RCMP responded Oct. 26 at 3:04 p.m., to a theft complaint at the Walmart store located on Louie Drive. Police have determined that a suspect stole a customer’s personalized wheelchair while the victim shopped using one of the stores motorized shopping carts. The stolen Helio A7 aluminum wheelchair is similar to the attached photograph, however it is completely black, has polymer type rims with as many as 6 thicker spokes, an upgraded seat cushion, the foot rests have been removed and the brand name “Motion Composites” printed on the rear of the back rest. It's valued by its owner at approximately $3,000. “RCMP would like to quickly re-unite the victim, of this senseless crime, with his much needed mobility device,” said Cpl. Jesse O’Donaghey, in a press release. “We urge the person who took the chair to drop it off at any RCMP detachment or simply return it to the store." Investigators are in the process of obtaining video surveillance footage from the store which shows the thief caught in the act. Anyone with any information is asked to contact the West Kelowna RCMP at 250-768-2880. Remain anonymous by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477, leaving a tip online at www.crimestoppers.net or by texting your tip to CRIMES (274637) ktown. We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories Search on for West Kelowna wheelchair thieves (October 29, 2016) Two Kelowna beaches made more wheelchair accessible (July 29, 2016) West Kelowna Mounties find stolen car (August 15, 2016) West Kelowna recruiting firefighters (January 05, 2016) West Kelowna to handle disability parking pasees (October 04, 2016) West Kelowna restaurant targeted by arsonists (October 12, 2016) Slope failure leads to road closure in West Kelowna (January 22, 2016) Fatal crash in West Kelowna Wednesday night (September 29, 2016) You might like ... Community Events, November 2016 Add an Event Click here to place a job ad or call us at 1-855-678-7833 Kelowna Capital News Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports Rockets Warriors BC Games NFL UBCO Heat Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2016  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
null
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Billboard News Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr AMAs Preview News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Fashion/Style Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search 'Now That's What I Call Music!' Hits 60: The Secret Behind Its Survival in the Streaming Era 10/27/2016 by Natalie Weiner FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Patrick Crowley        The concept of a top-pop-hits compilation album may seem antiquated in the playlist era, but the continued success of the Now That’s What I Call Music! series, which will release its 60th volume on Nov. 4, flies in the face of convention. Far from a vestige of a bygone era, Now remains a chart force to be reckoned with: all 59 of the numbered volumes have charted in the top 10 of the Billboard 200, including 18 no. 1s. Inching toward 100 million units sold during its 18-year lifetime, according to Nielsen Music, UMe, a division of Universal Music Group, and Sony Commercial Music Group’s Now Music division (the series has been a joint release with Sony since Now 4) has the Now buyer figured out. “The average American car is 10 or 11 years old, so it has a CD player,” says Now Music A&R consultant Jeff Moskow, adding that physical sales make up 80 to 85 percent of the series’ total tally through the years. The product is more or less the same as it was when the series launched in 1998, though now the advertising is less about 1-800 numbers (though there are still TV spots, just trimmed down to 15 seconds) and more about social media sweepstakes. In-store displays remain a huge factor: "We've been lucky because although the space has been shrinking for physical product, Now's place in stores has remained fairly strong," says Jerry Cohen, svp of Now Music at UMG -- and the market remains, more or less, wherever toilet paper is sold in bulk. "The releases are all timed to major holidays," he adds. "With the genre releases [Now That's What I Call Country, etc.], country is extremely strong with Walmart, and the Broadway or Disney records are extremely strong with Target, for example -- though they can all sell all of them." Execs argue that the franchise, though made famous by TV spots offering free car visor CD holders with purchase, was actually ahead of its time -- an idea supported by Drake's just announced More Life "playlist project" [read: compilation]. "It’s almost like compilation is a dirty word,” says Cohen. “It's so much easier to use the word playlist -- so, we're kind of reinventing ourselves as the original playlist. Millennials grew up with the brand, so there’s a lot of latent interest we can tap into.” Adds Bruce Resnikoff, president and CEO of Universal Music Group's UMe division as well as one of the series's stateside originators, "For 18 years, Now’s U.S. series has consistently showcased the biggest hits of the day, successfully remaining current and in-step with evolving musical tastes and trends." Indeed, the series, which is poised to make its 60th top 10 debut on the Billboard 200, is not ignoring streaming. Recently, the brand became an official curator on Spotify and Apple Music, and touts a rare digital-only release, Now That’s What I Call a Workout 2016 (which first topped Billboard’s Top Dance/Electronic Albums chart in January), among its success stories. Playlists Now! What’s Next and Now! First Listen also can be found on those streaming services, updated several times a week. "There are people looking for ways to get into streaming, and having the Now brand there is one way we can aid that transition," says Cohen. "At the end of the day, the brand is all about the quality of its curation, and streaming is the ultimate means for that." Richard Story, president of Sony Music Entertainment's Commercial Music Group adds, "Now holds a special place in the hearts of fans because it is a trusted, reliable and accurate reflection of music trends and hit songs." Protecting the signature product, however, is a more painstaking process. In pursuit of what Moskow calls “a cultural mirror,” he spends months culling data from airplay and streaming charts as well as social buzz. Newcomer Jacob Whitesides, for example, appears on Now 60 alongside Coldplay and Katy Perry. "It's not that hard to get the biggest hits -- the hard part is getting the latest hits," adds Cohen. "Everybody has an idea of when they should be on a Now record." Picking the songs — an extremely time sensitive process given that the goal is to capture each track at its peak — is just the beginning of the process: then comes licensing, and finally mastering, which can take up to two weeks even though all the songs are not only already released, but usually chart toppers. "There's a significant amount of debate over things like the spacing between songs, because that stuff matters," says Moskow, whose end result ideally marries the fluidity of radio DJing with the reliability of an album. "Ultimately, it's about the listening experience. People don't know why, but they know when they listen to a Now album, it feels different." Looking back at Now compilations past can be an exercise in both nostalgia and amnesia, a side effect of the series's rigorous timeliness. "Our job is not to make judgments on the music — if you want a snapshot of what's been popular over the last couple of months, this is what it is," says Moskow, citing BBMak and Soul Decision as examples of artists that "maybe didn't have the staying power -- but were very popular at the moment, which is a perfect example of what Now should really be. “I’m not suggesting we’re making Songs in the Key of Life,” he concludes, “but the goal is to make you say, ‘That was really enjoyable.’” This article originally appeared in the Nov. 5 issue of Billboard.  FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Diesel technician shortage holds at ‘critical mass’ From left, Carl Desens, Blake Robertson, John Martin and Kent Chambers stand in the shop of the diesel and truck technology program at Northwest Technical Institute in Springdale. Desens and Martin are instructors, Chambers is also an instructor and program chairmanand Robertson is NTI president. by Jeff Della Rosa. Published Oct 27th, 2016 10:13 am JDellaRosa@nwabj.com / @tbarkansas The diesel technician shortage has reached “critical mass,” and it won’t be resolved anytime soon, industry experts say. Nationwide, the U.S. Department of Labor estimates 76,900 job openings for diesel technicians through 2024. In Arkansas, Kenneth Calhoun, vice president of customer relations at Truck Centers of Arkansas in North Little Rock, sees the need for more than 10,000 technicians as a result of growth, and to replace those who are retiring from the field. Collectively, about 40% of diesel technicians in the United States are 50 years or older, “with a quite a few looking to retire in the next few years,” Calhoun said. In Northwest Arkansas, Kent Chambers, chairman of the diesel and truck technology program at Northwest Technical Institute in Springdale, said probably 30 journeyman technicians could find jobs “today.” These are technicians who have four to five years of experience after graduating from a program like the one offered at the post-secondary school. NTI, which is a state agency, is doing its best to place successful new technicians into good-paying jobs. Its diesel technician program, which underwent a $900,000 expansion two years ago, has been at capacity for the past five years, Chambers said. It has 38 students in the program. Annually, between 15 and 20 students graduate from the 18-month program. The program is so popular that school instructors interview prospective students to select which applicants will be accepted into the program. Instructors choose the ones they think will be the most likely to succeed. “Our program is based upon ASE areas for employment,” Chambers said. The estimated cost for a student is about $6,500, which includes tuition, fees and books. “It’s an inexpensive way to start off a career,” he said. Melissa Pianalto, vice president of instruction at NTI, said education costs are specific to each student. The school offers financial aid, such as federal grants, but does not give loans. Blake Robertson, president of NTI, said the school is exploring ways to offer scholarships through the Arkansas Scholarship Lottery. Nationwide, median pay for diesel service technicians and mechanics was $21.40 per hour or $44,520 annually in 2015, according to the Department of Labor. Average earnings for entry-level technicians who graduate from NTI’s program “are running in the $15 per hour range,” Pianalto said. Seasoned technicians earn between upper $20 and $30 per hour, Chambers said. “Our goal is to train an entry-level technician,” Chambers said. “We will teach them the basics.” ‘CRITICAL MASS’ Calhoun, who serves on the Technology and Maintenance Council for national trade association American Trucking Associations, said the shortage has reached “critical mass.” In the past five years, he’s seen a “shift in attitude coming from the industry … We’ve got to do something significant.” He doesn’t see the problem going away anytime soon. “I will have long retired and don’t plan on retiring anytime soon,” he said. But he would expect the nationwide shortage to be resolved in 15 years. Companies such as J.B. Hunt Transport, USA Truck, Wal-Mart Stores, Tyson Foods and McKee Foods aren’t immune to the shortage. “Each and every one of these entities has an opening,” he said. The shortage has been brewing for generations. The past three generations have been told the only path to success has been to go to college, he said. But 72% of those on the path don’t have a four-year degree six years later. To complicate matters, environmental regulations have impacted the industry, especially regarding semitrailer emissions. Starting in 2002, “the EPA [Environmental Protections Agency] got very, very involved in our business,” he said. To comply with regulations, manufacturers had to “soup up our computers,” Calhoun said. They have added about 20 sensors and 10 actuators to engines and installed two fuel injectors into the exhaust system. By January 2007, Calhoun said if a semitrailer was “blowing black smoke, it’s either older than 2007 or its diesel particulate filter is broken.” In 2010, manufacturers added a supplemental catalytic converter to cut down on nitrous oxide emissions. Also, safety features in trucks started to become used as far back as 2004. This includes collision mitigation software, which uses technology such as forward looking radar and lane departure warning systems. With all the new technology and systems added to control emissions, technicians are spending more and more time diagnosing issues related to these devices. Those aren’t the only challenges to the shortage. Calhoun explained the industry is suffering from “kind of an ugly image problem.” People see semitrailers as “dangerous things on the highway,” but this is not accurate, he said. They think of the “black smoke” coming from them, which also isn’t accurate. And, they think of people “slogging over a hot engine.” But, he said, technicians, such as those at Truck Centers of Arkansas, spend much of their time using computers to diagnose issues in semitrailers commonly related to their “ancillary systems.” “It is not the same environment that it was 20 years ago,” Calhoun said. FINDING SOLUTIONS Calhoun has been working to address the shortage through the Be Pro Be Proud campaign, which promotes careers such as diesel technicians. He’s also reaching out to schools to ensure their curriculum is aligned with what companies in the industry are looking for in technicians. Calhoun is a founding member of the Technician Curriculum Advisory Committee for the Arkansas Trucking Association. The committee, which started in June, will soon conduct audits of post-secondary schools, such as NTI, to determine how well they are preparing its students for careers as technicians. The committee is developing the questions it plans to ask the schools in the audits. Once the audit is completed, a report will show the areas of concern. The committee wants to encourage schools to become accredited through the National Automotive Technicians Education Foundation. NATEF is the only certified body for medium- and heavy-duty technicians, including diesel technicians. In the Be Pro Be Proud campaign, Calhoun is working with the Arkansas Chamber of Commerce to encourage people to become not only diesel technicians but also welders, plumbers and electricians. The campaign’s exhibit is a trailer pulled by a big rig provided by Truck Centers of Arkansas. “Think high-end horse show vehicle,” Calhoun said describing the semitrailer. Since the campaign launched in March, 7,000 students have gone through the exhibit and 3,000 would like to know more information, he said. While interest in the industry is strong, NTI looks to grow its diesel and truck technology program to train the next generation of technicians. Two years ago, it invested $900,000 to expand the program and double the size of the shop to 12,000 square feet. Yet, the program remains at capacity. NTI has room to grow, but it lacks money to expand. “We’re in competition for the funds,” Robertson said. He said the school is operating at the same general revenue level it was 10 years ago. Its annual general revenue of $3.7 million includes student tuition and fees. About 80% of the school’s expenses go to employee salaries. Other expenses such as supplies and tools are purchased as needed over the years. Chambers said the school depends a lot on the industry to donate equipment for students to work on. “We’re constantly looking to our friends in the transportation industry,” Robertson said. A $5 million donation would be a good start to expand, he said. Robertson would like to see twice as many students in the diesel technician program. Pianalto explained she’d only want to expand the program without a loss in quality. “I’ll never take expansion over quality,” she said. Pianalto regards the work of technicians akin to that of healthcare professionals. “It’s a different type of life-saving,” she said. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 7shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
GoSearch Replay: WGNO News at 11am WGNO TV Schedule Search Contact Us WGNO Menu News Morning Twist Music Sports Viewer Pics Events NOLA Marketplace About Weather 71° 71° Low 59° High 75° Wed 57° 76° Thu 63° 79° Fri 57° 78° See complete forecast Walmart is deploying an army of ‘holiday helpers’ Posted 10:40 AM, October 27, 2016, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print × Walmart is deploying an army of ‘holiday helpers’ NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — Walmart says it’s deploying an army of so-called holiday helpers to help customers get through the checkout line. They will start working Nov. 4, when the giant retailer begins its relentless focus on holiday shopping, especially for Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving. “Holiday helpers, ready with candy canes and smiles, will assist customers with finding the shortest line, open registers as needed and will even quickly grab items customers might have forgotten,” Walmart said in a press release Thursday. Walmart usually hires tens of thousands of workers for temporary holiday jobs. Walmart brought back its familiar front door greeters in May after a hiatus. The company has been experimenting with the role after hiring thousands of greeters since then. The job serves a number of roles, including customer service and shoplifting prevention. 29.951066 -90.071532 Related stories Mother gives birth in Walmart checkout line – after paying for merchandise Walmart surprises teen who saved man’s life inside Indiana store Teacher brought to tears when stranger pays for her school supplies at Wal-Mart Filed in: Business, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print Your Favorite Place to Watch a Saints Game Where do you want to be at kickoff? Popular Video shows Chili’s manager taking away free meal from veteran Twins born as Daylight Saving Time ends cause rare age twist Son of ‘Hacksaw Ridge’ war hero Desmond Doss talks about his dad Police: Lafayette student lied about being robbed of wallet, hijab by Trump supporters – will face charges Latest News Southern wildfires burn 80,000 acres across six states Hundreds join 18-year-old dog for his bittersweet final walk on the beach Mystery woman delivering half-eaten pizzas to strangers’ homes Bookstore bans Wi-Fi, wants customers to actually read News Mother gives birth in Walmart checkout line – after paying for merchandise Crime National/World News News Viral Facebook photos of man allegedly dragging girl through Walmart by her hair spark investigation National/World News News News with a Twist Amazon to hire 120K seasonal workers for the holidays National/World News News Viral Target employee documents first days on the job, and it’s delightful National/World News News Politics Get ready for more US women in combat Business News Walmart is selling deep-fried Twinkies News News with a Twist Want invites? 7 ways to be a great guest this holiday season Business News Amazon effect: Big stores closing doors National/World News News ‘Suicide scar’ Halloween costume kit pulled from Walmart shelves National/World News News Viral Walmart surprises teen who saved man’s life inside Indiana store National/World News News Suspected meth lab discovered under Walmart parking lot National/World News News Viral Starbucks red holiday cups return – check out the 13 new designs National/World News News You can now buy airline tickets with monthly payments Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2016, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Travel Travel Galveston Bolivar Houston - Kemah Archives ExxonMobil launches Beaumont polyethylene expansion Man injured, businesses closed after explosion at truck stop in Newton County commissioners enact 30-day burn ban Area Vietnam veterans honored at Veteran Fest US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Pipeline company seeks court permission to proceed with plan Jury again sees video in black motorist's death The Latest: Jury seeing shooting video frame by frame Minnesota man gets 15 years in Islamic State case A&E Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles From fashion to film, gift-worthy coffee table books abound DJ-producer Kaskade: Electronic dance music is not over Election mourning and empowerment at Women of the Year event Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson named People's 'Sexiest Man Alive' cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Reports: Wade Phillips, Darren Woodson head Texas Sports Hall of Lamar men's, women's basketball: 2016 Season Preview Andre Boutte brings title-winning leadership to West Brook Legacy Christian's Alexis Morris signs with Baylor Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content City hopes $85,000 development investment will be a boon for Safeway Driving plots expansion to 6 Southeast Texas schools After almost 50 years, Mirror Shine fades away Developer sells popular Port Arthur shopping center Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 11-14-16 'Toon Time 11-12-16 'Toon Time 11-11-16 'Toon Time 11-10-16 Cars Jobs Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate Homes in historic downtown Orange blend classic beauty, modernity Renovated farmhouse west of Beaumont a country dream Kountze log cabin boasts open floor plan, lush landscaping Historic Orange County ranch on the market at $3.4 million Find & Save MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/article/Grand-reopening-weekend-celebrates-renovations-at-10417263.php Grand reopening weekend celebrates renovations at Beaumont Walmart The Enterprise Published 10:37 am, Thursday, October 27, 2016 Photo: ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Shoppers wait in line to pay for their purchases at a Walmart store in Los Angeles, California on November 24, 2009, a few days before ?Black Friday? the day after Thanksgiving which kicks off the holiday shopping season. Retailers are hoping ?doorbuster? deals will stimulate sales despite the weak economy. AFP PHOTO / Robyn Beck (Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images) less Shoppers wait in line to pay for their purchases at a Walmart store in Los Angeles, California on November 24, 2009, a few days before ?Black Friday? the day after Thanksgiving which kicks off the holiday ... more Photo: ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images Image 2 of 3 Walmart employees celebrate the opening of the new Beaumont Superstore by chanting the 'Walmart Cheer' during the grand opening ceremony on Jan. 24, 1996. Walmart employees celebrate the opening of the new Beaumont Superstore by chanting the 'Walmart Cheer' during the grand opening ceremony on Jan. 24, 1996. Photo: Enterprise File Image 3 of 3 Donald McCullough pays chasier Anna Milligan for a pack of chewing gum, the first transaction after the ribbon-cutting ceremony at the new Walmart Superstore on Dowlen Road on Jan. 24, 1996. Donald McCullough pays chasier Anna Milligan for a pack of chewing gum, the first transaction after the ribbon-cutting ceremony at the new Walmart Superstore on Dowlen Road on Jan. 24, 1996. Photo: Enterprise File Grand reopening weekend celebrates renovations at Beaumont Walmart 1 / 3 Back to Gallery A remodeled pharmacy, a new Tool World featuring industrial-sized tools and an expanded fabric department are among the upgrades in the newly remodeled Walmart in Beaumont. The Dowlen Road store will celebrate the completion of its renovations with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 8:45 a.m. Friday.  Family activities and free foods will be offered throughout the weekend during the store's grand reopening. The festivities last from 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturday and from noon-5 p.m. Sunday, the company said in a release.  The upgrades also feature a larger Money Center as well as new signage and lighting outside. "We are looking forward to re-introducing our store to the community with expanded offerings and a fresh look," store manager Stephen Gieseke said in a prepared statement. "Our everday low prices will remain the same, but we're adding greater convenience and a new and improved local grocery shopping experience." More: walmart.com Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Jockey Men's Microfiber Midway Briefs 2-Pack for $8 + free... eBayPosted 5 hr 50 min ago SHOP NOW Insignia AAA or AA Batteries 48-Pack for $10 + free shipping eBayPosted 1 hr 34 min ago SHOP NOW Walmart Tool Rollbacks and Clearance WalmartPosted 5 hr 52 min ago SHOP NOW Clearance Toys at Walmart for $12 WalmartPosted 4 hr 21 min ago Top Stories Reports: Wade Phillips earns Texas Sports Hall of Fame honors Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal 17 interesting bills filed at the Texas Legislature Legacy Christian's Alexis Morris signs with Baylor Students expelled from Texas college after posing in blackface WWE star tells fans he has 2 years to live After 42 years, SETX referee calls his last game Ranked: The best TV sitcoms of all-time Local News TxDOT announces lane closure on I-10 west ExxonMobil launches Beaumont polyethylene expansion Electric company settles lawsuit in Parkdale Mall death Officials: Portion of Brockman Street closed until Nov. 28 Man injured, businesses closed after explosion at truck stop... Latest News Videos View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
null

Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Live Chat Software Market to be Driven by the Increasing Need to Improve CRM Until 2020, Says Technavio 27.10.2016 | 17:06 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Live Chat Software Market to be Driven by the Increasing Need to Improve CRM Until 2020, Says Technavio According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global live chat software market is expected to reach USD 819.2 million by 2020, growing at a CAGR of almost 8%. This research report titled 'Global Live Chat Software Market 2016-2020' provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of live chat software. Customer relationships are crucial for effective revenue generation in any enterprise. Enterprises are striving to develop a wide customer base because of the increase in competition, to obtain the largest market share. They have started implementing enterprise solutions like enterprise resource planning (ERP) and customer relationship management (CRM). Live chat software can be deployed for enterprise websites, enabling the companies to have continuous communication with customers. For instance, enterprises deploy live chat software to provide product or brand information to customers to increase the brand awareness. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=53900 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio's ICT analysts categorize the global live chat software market into six major segments by end user: Retail and e-commerce Travel and hospitality IT and consulting Telecommunication Pharmaceutical Others (BFSI, education, government, and transportation) The top three end-user segments for the global live chat software are: Retail and e-commerce The retail and e-commerce will be one of the fastest growing segments for live chat software during the forecast period. This is because of the rapid growth of the major e-commerce platforms like Amazon, Alibaba, Flipkart,Snapdeal, and Walmart worldwide. According to Technavio analysis, in 2015, more than 50% of the worldwide internet users purchased products or services through online platforms, and this is expected to increase by 5%-10% during the forecast period. The retail sector thrives on the consumer experience, as retention of the customer is crucial to increase sales revenue. According to Ishmeet Kaur, a lead enterprise application analyst from Technavio, "To enhance the customer experience, retailers are implementing live chat software, enabling customers to search for the products easily. It also enables customers to get their queries resolved related to the equated monthly installment for a particular product quickly and effectively Travel and hospitality Travel and hospitality is one of the prominent segments deploying live chat software in their business process. Travel companies always focus on enhancing customer experience and thus live chat is an ideal solution to address and resolve customer queries. Customers often have many queries before traveling, for instance, where to visit, expenses, and the time taken to reach the destination. This generated a demand for live chat software in the sector. With the deployment of live chat software, travel companies reply to customer queries across all platforms at any time. "Live chat software tunes online marketing campaign by providing real-time insight into all marketing activities that drive traffic to the website. With the help of live chat software, enterprises can get in-depth details about visitors. This provides a better insight about the marketing initiatives efficiently," says Ishmeet. IT and consulting Live chat software monitors website activity and can help in successful advertising campaigns. IT and consulting firms can collect useful information and offer best customer support. Most of the people prefer to receive immediate online assistance while browsing websites. After using live chat support and chatting to chat operators, customers are more likely to purchase products and services. Live chat software helps IT enterprises to increase revenue and simultaneously build confidence about business and products. During and after live chat sessions, online consulting with the live chat software can help enterprises to receive valuable customer feedback. It also provides complete customer satisfaction. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio's research analysts in this report are: LivePerson Zendesk LogMeIn LiveChat SnapEngage Browse Related Reports: Global Cloud-based Video Conferencing Market 2015-2019 Video Conferencing Market: Global Opportunity, Trends, Forecast 2015-2019 Web Conferencing Services Market in the Americas 2015-2019 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161027005473/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like an E-Commerce Christmas A new survey shows that 50% of American consumers plan to do at least some of their shopping online this holiday season. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Oct 27, 2016 at 9:34AM The bad news keeps on coming for traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers. A new survey of more than 5,000 consumers in the United States conducted by Deloitte shows that 50% of Americans plan to shop online for holiday gifts, spending nearly half of their budget (47%) online. In addition, the research company's 31st annual holiday survey of consumer spending intentions and trends shows that physical stores can expect less traffic. The number of respondents planning to visit physical stores dropped overall with pretty similar numbers across the major types of stores. Standalone big-box retailer stores will see traffic drop from 63% of consumers in 2015 to 59% this year, according to the survey. Malls will fall from 53% to 50% and independent stores not located in malls will go down from 42% of the shopping public to 38%. Overall this may not be bad news for bricks-and-mortar companies with a robust online presence, specifically ones that integrate physical and digital shopping. That may mean companies including Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), Target (NYSE:TGT), and Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) make up for a drop in in-store traffic with digital sales while companies like Sears and Costco that have less-developed digital operations suffer. Best Buy is one of the chains that is well-positioned to profit from a mix of digital and online sales. Image source: Best Buy. Shopping trends are changing For the 2016 holiday season, the internet has become the shopping destination of choice, beating out all other options. That was true last year as well, but the lead has increased with 50% of consumers saying they will buy holiday gifts online while the No. 2 category (discount/value department stores) came in at only 43%. But just because people are going online to buy holiday items does not mean physical stores are no longer important. The Deloitte report found that there are lots of shoppers looking in stores and buying online and a surprising number doing the opposite -- looking online, but buying in a store. That's why Deloitte Vice Chairman Rod Sides believes the way people shop online will have a profound impact on holiday spending this year. "Retailers must cater to that digital mindset long before someone walks into a store," he said in a press release. "If retailers treat online and in-store shopping as mutually reinforcing rather than competitive forces, they can create more opportunities across the business. Customer expectations are being shaped as much by the digital experience as the in-store experience. As a result, retailers should map digital features that matter to the consumer to their brand." Showrooming versus webrooming For years, retailers -- specifically Best Buy, but also Wal-Mart, Target, and other players -- complained about "showrooming," the practice where people did their research in stores before buying online. That's still a problem, but Deloitte found that things go in both directions. The company's research found that 50% of shoppers will showroom, but an even bigger number (66%) will "webroom," that is look at an item online then buy it in a store. In addition, 43% of those surveyed say they expect to take advantage of retailers that let you purchase online and pick up in a store (another good sign for Wal-Mart, Target, and Best Buy, which all offer that feature). Consumers are generally confident Despite the contentious presidential election, the survey found that most households surveyed remain positive about the U.S. economy's prospects and their own finances. Nearly 90% reported that they expect the economy to improve or remain the same in 2017 while 75% indicated their their household financial situation is the same or better than last year. That's a big increase from the 58% who felt that way five years ago. Holiday shoppers, Deloitte found, will buy an average of 14 gifts in 2016, similar to last year, spending an average of $426 (a number that includes gift card purchases). Overall, consumers expect to spend $998 on the holidays this year, trimming their non-gift spending to $572. That makes 2015 the first down year in that category in the last five years as people are showing more caution when it comes to holiday travel and dining out, entertaining, non-gift clothing, holiday furnishings and decorations, and other miscellaneous holiday purchases. "We saw a lot of replenishment in non-gift categories over the last few years, and that may be starting to cool off a bit," Sides said. "As people find lower costs for expenses such as travel, they may choose to hang on to those extra savings. Several years of extended and highly competitive holiday promotions among retailers have also reinforced consumers' expectations that they don't have to pay full price." Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He shops mostly online and more or less ignores the holidays. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 9:34AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.82 up $0.33 (0.47%) Target NYSE:TGT $71.45 down $0.72 (-1.00%) Best Buy NYSE:BBY $39.49 down $0.45 (-1.13%) Read More Best Buy Turns 50, But Will It Turn 60? Best Buy Co Inc Climbed 16% in February: What You Need to Know Apple Can't Save Best Buy Now Best Buy Co Inc and DSW Inc. Drop As Stocks Soar What Investors Missed in the Market This Week Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Report: 2016 Black Friday weekend deals will be biggest ever October 27, 2016 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Regardless of when retailers start their sales, Black Friday weekend is shaping up to feature the biggest deals yet.   According to BlackFriday.fm, a website that tracks the best Black Friday deals, news, and ad scans, “the Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales are going to be bigger than ever this year, “ said Rene Kirschbaum, director of BlackFriday.fm.   Among the retailers to watch include:   Walmart. With sales likely launching earlier than Thanksgiving, consumers will have time to plan their attack on how to grab doorbuster deals on TVs from Samsung, LG, Vizio, and Panasonic. While big screen 4K TVs are creating the biggest buzz this season, all types TVs will be heavily discounted, as well as kids’ toys, apparel, kitchen items, and more.   Best Buy. With doors opening by 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving, shoppers can expect competitive prices on laptops, smartphones, home appliances, and gaming consoles. They can also price match purchases from competitors like Walmart, Amazon, and Target. 4K TVs are expected to sell out quickly, as well as Apple products that will be discounted.   Amazon. The retailer is launching its traditional “Black November” sale, where new deals on a broad range of products will launch daily starting Nov. 1. Lightning deals (similar to in-store doorbuster deals) are also on tap, and are expected to sell out quickly. Amazon Prime members will get first access along with free express shipping, same-day shipping, and other perks, BlackFriday.fm said.   Target. Email subscribers will get early access to Black Friday deals, and steep discounts are expected on everything from home goods to baby gear, electronics, toys, and more. Cyber Monday deals for online shoppers will likely mirror the same. “We expect numerous Target coupons will be released, offering steeper savings online and in-store,” the firm said.   Toys “R” Us. Some of the best discounts on top-selling toys, games, bikes, and kids’ electronics — from Disney Frozen dolls, LEGO sets, and LeapPad, to top-rated bikes — could be on sale for up to 70% off, Blackfriday.fm said, adding that Toys “R” Us is also notorious for great savings on clearance items.   Kohl’s. Like Best Buy, Kohl’s will start its holiday shopping deals at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving. “We anticipate many deals online prior to Thanksgiving, but some of the best savings will be had through their coupons and online codes, Kohl’s Cash, and exclusive cardholder discounts,” the company reported.   “We monitor the best deals and partner with top retailers to get early scoop for our site visitors, with everything they need to save money,” Kirschbaum said.    The firm will continue to share deals through its website, on the BlackFriday.fm app, or through email alerts.   Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Sears executive jumps ship for party supplies specialty retailer Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 CEO shakeup at Whole Foods Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery New York & Co. names Sears, Ann Taylor vet to head up marketing and online Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores The Clinic, Denver Business is booming in the fast-growing business of medical and recreational cannabis. And the shops that specialize in the trade are taking their game up more than a few notches. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! Engineering Investigations Best Source for Low-Cost High-Quality Cables? Max Maxfield, Designline Editor 10/27/2016 10:30 AM EDT  11 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet Even if you are happy employing low-cost cables for your hobby projects, would you use them for a commercial product? When I was growing up, my dear old dad always told me to never buy a tool just because it was cheap. Instead, he said, it was well-worth paying whatever it took to get a high-quality tool that would serve me well for a long time. Of course, you must be careful here, because you can end up spending an inordinate amount of money for a "named" tool that is no better -- or only incrementally better -- than a mid-priced tool from a lesser-known manufacturer. In many respects, the same considerations apply to electronic cables. I remember purchasing a high-definition television from Best Buy a few years ago. This required an HDMI cable, and the young sales lad did his very best to persuade me to lay out something ridiculous like $120 for what he claimed to be the world's best HDMI cable offering. He was extremely enthusiastic and described this little scamp in glowing terms, right down to the quality of the packaging. Once I'd stopped laughing, I purchased a much cheaper brand that served me just as well. And dont even get me started talking about USB cables. You can easily splash out $20 or more for a mediocre offering, even at somewhere cheap-and-cheerful like Walmart. In this case, I prefer to wander around the corner to my local technology recycling center -- TechStars -- where I can pick up a new USB cable for just a couple of dollars. All of which leads me to the fact that, a couple of weeks ago, I wandered over into the next bay to chat with my chum Ivan. While I was there I noticed an 8-inch HDMI extension cable sitting on his desk. This peaked my interest because the cable coming out of my Oculus Rift virtual reality headset splits out into a USB 3.0 connector and an HDMI connector at the end that plugs into the computer. 8" HDMI extension cable from Monoprice (Source: Max Maxfield) This isnt a problem in the case of my VR-capable tower computer in which the two ports are presented close together, but its a tad awkward in the case of my VR-capable laptop computer, because its five USB 3.0 ports are mounted on the sides while the HDMI port is in the middle on the back. The result is that, while I can just plug the two connectors in, they both end up being pulled sideways a little; given a choice, I'd like to extend one or the other by a couple of inches, which is where Ivan's 8" HDMI cable comes into the picture (no pun intended). Since I was just about to head out of the door to fly to England (talking my VR laptop with me), Ivan said I could take his cable so long as I ordered a replacement. It turned out that he'd acquired the cable from Monoprice.com, so I bounced over to their website. I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised. The cable cost only $1.90, which I frankly considered to be a real bargain (there was an additional shipping and handling cost of $2.49, which is also extremely reasonable in my humble opinion). The cable arrived just a day or two later while I was away, but when I examined it on my return I found it to be of reasonably high quality. All-in-all, I am very impressed, and have no doubt that I'll be using Monoprice for appropriate items in the future. For the sake of presenting an unbiased report, I should note that, although Ivan says he's purchased loads of cables from Monoprice and only had one problem unit (which they immediately replaced), my chum Paul in the bay downstairs just told me that he's had a number of problems with HDMI cable expanders from Monoprice and he no longer uses their services, so it's a case of "You pays your money and you makes your choice," as the old saying goes. You also need to consider what you are using your cables for. In my case, all I wanted was a single 8" HDMI extender for a non-critical application. If there's ever a problem, I can simply stop using it. But if I were creating multiple systems to be deployed in hostile environments to control million-dollar drones, for example, then I would be a lot more rigorous in my cable selection process (see also One way to defeat Skynet -- use cheap cables). How about you? What do you use? Are you happy employing low-cost cables for your hobby projects? Would you use them for a commercial product? Do you have any experiences (positive or negative) that you would care to share with the rest of us? Related posts: Virtual Reality-Capable Notepad Computers What's the Best Way to Depict 1-to-5 in PY (People Years)? Why, Windows 10, Why? Caveman Diorama Appears in Modelling Competition Oculus Touch VR Controllers Available for Preorder Book Review: Algorithms to Live By by Brian Christian and Tom Griffiths Ladybird and Enid Blyton Books for Grown-Ups — Max Maxfield, Editor of All Things Fun & Interesting Email This Print Comment Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Page 1 / 2   >   >> User Rank Author All USB cables are not created equal Rcurl   11/12/2016 8:02:17 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I noticed that someotimes when I plug my phone in to charge it seems to charge quickly and other time it charges slowly. I bought a "USB Charge Doctor" on eBay, which is basically just a current indicator that plugs inline with your USB cable. I found that just by trying different cables the charging current varied from 400 milliamps to 1.2 amps!  Aside from paying exorbitant amount of cash for the "premium" cables I wish there was a better way to determine if a cable was one of the better ones. The quality seems to vary wildly even from some of the better known suppliers. I find that the best approach is to buy a bunch of cheap cables from several suppliers, test them, and toss the bad ones. Not a very "green" approach, but that's the best I've got at the moment. Also- be aware that some usb "charging" cables are just that- intended for charging only. Some of them don't contain the two middle data pins.   Don't get me started on the USB cigarette lighter (car) adapters or the wall plugin USB power supplies.  Very few of these come anywhere close to the current rating marked on the case.  Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: This is not your fathers Cable production business MWagner_MA   10/31/2016 3:43:23 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate If you are using high speed signals, then yes.  You would have to qualify the vendors connectors to be as good as say, Molex with a statistical sampling.  Keep in mind that many embedded applications only use the 12MHz comm rate for USB, thus the demands on the cable are much less.  The example mentioned was to explain that many connectors from Molex and TE are setup for high speed automated crimping lowering costs. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: This is not your fathers Cable production business perl_geek   10/31/2016 2:23:28 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Which means a modest investment in statistical quality control on a batch could give one a reasonable level of comfort that any mysterious glitches aren't to be found in the cables or  their connectors? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author This is not your fathers Cable production business MWagner_MA   10/31/2016 7:46:52 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Having recently been involved with cable design and fabrication, the level of automation for such an endeavor is enabling custom cables in production runs of only 250 to cost less than $20 sometimes.  So you can imagine the cost of cables such as USB which are made in the millions.  With automated wire cutting, stripping, and crimping, the bulk of the cost is in the wire, connector and pins.  Some cable manufacturers have the ability to make some of their own connectors saving even more money.  For custom cables, the sweet spot is to get the wirelength above 5-10K feet for the production run. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Routes of evil? GSKrasle   10/27/2016 6:46:12 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Cablescan makes 'learning' continuity testers: you just wire-up sockets or whatever, use a KGU to train it, and off you go testing cables (backplanes, whatever). I used one of their products back in the 80s; it was based on a 6802 µC IIRC and recorded its settings on an audio tape. I hacked it to test backplanes and made a decoder/encoder to record the data digitally. I suspect newer products delve a little deeper than just continuity. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO Re: Routes of evil? David_Ashton_EC   10/27/2016 5:35:37 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @Perl_geek...there's not a universal cable tester...but you can get types for various fields... This one is for Audio cables, A$79.95 here   HDMI cable tester, A$95 here You can also get an almost identical thing for network cables, usually around $50 or less All these are just continuity testers, if you want (eg) a CAT 6 certifying tester they you're looking at big bucks.....  FYI US$ prices are around 3/4 of the Aussie $ prices above.  But these things are probably available even cheaper in the states.   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Routes of evil? Max The Magnificent   10/27/2016 1:02:24 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @perl_geek: ...Does anyone make an inexpensive hardware tester for cabling of various kinds... Oooh -- now that WOULD be useful!!! Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Flea markets MeasurementBlues   10/27/2016 12:36:25 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate "Bluetooth-enabled vacuum tube amplifier that sits in my office and looks and sounds great:" I'll stick with my Sonos PLAY:3. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Routes of evil? perl_geek   10/27/2016 12:27:52 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Depending on their percentage of the project's cost, and the cost of replacement, I'd be cautious about trying to economise on cables. As I think we've discussed, cables are a fertile breeding ground for network bugs, especially Heisenbugs. They're part of the Malicious Trinity of cables, meatsacks, and backhoes. Of course, there's a difference in scale between a modest premium for sound engineering, and paying some moonlighting PFY in an audio store ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=PFY before you ask) a premium for gold-plated unicorn mane. Does anyone make an inexpensive hardware tester for cabling of various kinds, so that the tests aren't accidental side-effects of some other project? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Flea markets Clive"Max"Maxfield   10/27/2016 12:21:25 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @MeasurementBlues: I've bought some cables from the vendors at the MIT electronics flea markets, but... Have you ever purchased anything from Monoprice? Apart from the 8" HDMI extrender cable mentioned in this article, I just remembered that I did buy something from them before -- a Bluetooth-enabled vacuum tube amplifier that sits in my office and looks and sounds great: Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Page 1 / 2   >   >> Most Recent Comments                 11/15/2016 12:33:35 PM DigitalEngineer Oh Max, godfather of all links, you might be right with your link. It was already late last night. Thought you meant the later article from Peggy, as David pointed out. Sorry... 11/15/2016 12:33:35 PM DigitalEngineer Oh Max, godfather of all links, you might be right with your link. It was already late last night. Thought you meant the later article from Peggy, as David pointed out. Sorry... 11/15/2016 12:30:25 PM david.grant@temposemi.com @Icovey Good point. 11/15/2016 12:25:42 PM anon7632755 While all of the writing about this acquisition mentions the automobile market, let's not forget that Harman has a significant professional audio business, with brands like JBL,... 11/15/2016 12:23:39 PM lcovey David, Siemens is a major US military contractor http://w3.usa.siemens.com/buildingtechnologies/us/en/federal/pages/federal.aspx   11/15/2016 12:23:24 PM Sang-Yun I agree. However, I wonder how many customers are willing to pay 5x more for the higher reliability.  11/15/2016 12:20:59 PM Sang-Yun Market must be sensitive to the cost. Certainly, the price of 3D XPoint will determine the market demands. In addition, functionalities, such as read latency and endurance, should... 11/15/2016 12:12:11 PM Some Guy Has anyone measured the fixed loss from this charger? The iPhone 4 shipped with the charger cube with the rounded corners and fold out electrical outlet prongs that... 11/15/2016 12:09:44 PM Some Guy iPhone 6 will handle up to 1.6A. The thing is the device you plug in to a USB charger won't take more than it can handle, and will charge faster with more amps *available* from... 11/15/2016 12:00:39 PM Lefty4 Nice article. One thing you are forgetting though is that 3D Xpoint is a lot more reliable than NAND. For that reason Xpoint SDDs will very popular for certain server applications... Navigate to Related Links Fully-Programmable SoCs -- New Breed of Devices Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95 Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Next-Gen Programmable, Cognitive Military Radio Systems Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer? Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  28   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  24   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  12   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  3   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  3   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  3   Chip Veterans Scan Horizon Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Football Gameday Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas NHL in Vegas 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Nevada Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Matt Youmans Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Homicide map Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Doug Elfman Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News The Auto Mag Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Life » Health Experts urge better...New AIDS study debunks HIV ...     Posted October 27, 2016 - 6:02amUpdated October 31, 2016 - 8:52am North Las Vegas man, 450 pounds in high school, dropped nearly 300 pounds for son North Las Vegas man, 450 pounds in high school, dropped nearly 300 pounds for son At 450 pounds, doctors labeled then 15-year-old North Las Vegas resident Lucas Gutierrez as “severely morbidly obese.” He began swimming 1 to 2 miles at the municipal pool every other day, exercising at the gym and continued eating a high-protein and low-carb diet. He now weighs 175 pounds. (Special to View) North Las Vegas man, 450 pounds in high school, dropped nearly 300 pounds for son At 450 pounds, doctors labeled then 15-year-old North Las Vegas resident Lucas Gutierrez as “severely morbidly obese.” Through diet and exercise Gutierrez was about to lose weight and gain confidence. Now that he's 175 pounds, Gutierrez feels liked a changed man. (Special to View) By SANDY LOPEZ VIEW STAFF WRITER Lucas Gutierrez was told he wouldn’t make it past 18. At 450 pounds, doctors labeled then 15-year-old Gutierrez as “severely morbidly obese.” He was struggling with high cholesterol and high blood pressure, but he didn’t realize how close to death he was. “When I was huge, I never thought I’d be able to run or do pushups or anything like that,” Gutierrez said. “One time, I tried walking a few blocks to Target with my friends, but I couldn’t walk all the way there because my legs gave out. My friend’s mom had to pick me up and drive me to the store. Despite that, when the doctors told me I could die before 18, I didn’t want to believe them.” His struggle with weight started at an early age. For more than 20 years, the North Las Vegas resident’s parents worked as local youth pastors at Faith Life Family Church, formally known as Echoes of Faith, 1401 E. Washington Ave., and they enjoyed bringing troubled youths closer to God. His parents realized that in order to attract youths, they would have to feed them with the word of God and then feed their stomachs with food, he said. “Being that most of these kids came from deprived households, my parents fed them every Sunday,” Gutierrez said. “So it became accustomed to eat cheap fast food that could go a long way. Inadvertently, they set me on an unhealthy track that resulted in severe obesity.” Gutierrez wore size 5XL shirts and size 58 pants. “It was so difficult to find clothes back then, and I hated going to Walmart or Target because I would see clothes that I liked but knew they would never carry my size,” he said. His problems weren’t limited to fashion. He couldn’t sit in a classroom desk, so his teacher pulled out a table and chair for him. “Thankfully, I went to a private school, so no one made fun of me too bad, but it still affected me,” Gutierrez said. Then, the depression hit. His mother tried to help him by going on a high-protein and low-carb diet with him that she found online. Together, they cut out soda and junk food. She lost 15 pounds while Gutierrez lost 30 pounds. It went well until she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2008. A surgery was scheduled, but because she was overweight, they would have to do liposuction to remove the fat around the pancreas. “The surgery was a success, but after the surgery, her stitches busted open, and she bled to death internally,” he said. “I soon fell back into depression.” He also hit his all-time high of 475 pounds and dropped out of high school after his first day of sophomore year when a group of students made weird faces at him, he said. It wasn’t until New Year’s Eve of 2008 that Gutierrez made the decision once and for all to lose the weight. He began swimming 1 to 2 miles at the municipal pool every other day and continued his diet regimen. Through diet and exercise, he got down to 180 pounds. While he was proud of his weight loss journey, another hurdle came — his skin. “The same kids who pointed and stared at me because I was obese, now pointed and stared because I had so much saggy skin,” he said. “It was real confidence killer, so I put on another 100 pounds. I thought if I was going to have the skin, I might as well make it full. I don’t know which was worst — being overweight and being a freak show or being skinny and being a freak show.” When his son Atreyu was born in August 2014 one last revelation came. “I realized that I wanted to be strong and healthy so that way I can enjoy my life with my son, unlike my mother who didn’t have that chance,” he said. He lost weight again, and despite having excess skin, he said he feels more confident now than ever. “I could see such a difference in his confidence and self-worth as he began to shed the weight,” said his sister Angelina McKenzie. “That shy young man started coming out of his shell. This journey has transformed him from the inside out.” He continues to go to the gym every day, and whenever he sees another overweight person, he will introduce himself to him and share his story in hopes of inspiring him. “He has inspired a lot of people — both in our family and outside of our family — to try to live much more healthier,” said his sister Felicia Lytle. “When you see someone transform themselves right in front of your eyes, you can believe it is possible.” At 175 pounds, Gutierrez feels liked a changed man. He’s a full-time UNLV student working toward his marketing degree while he enjoys playing and chasing after his son. “It’s not about looking the best at the gym; it’s about pushing yourself the hardest,” Gutierrez said. “When I’m stressed out or tired, I remember that the doctor told me I wouldn’t live past 18. I’m really glad I changed my life because it feels good to be alive.” To reach North View reporter Sandy Lopez, email slopez@viewnews.com or call 702-383-4686. Find her on Twitter: @JournalismSandy. Experts urge better...New AIDS study debunks HIV ...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular How quickly will recreational marijuana be available for sale in Nevada? Norwegian Air suspending four Las Vegas routes because it’s just too hot Libertarian Gary Johnson says he will not seek public office again MGM Resorts’ controversial parking policy still on local minds Las Vegas motorists lucky not to find cloverleaf at Centennial Bowl interchange Columnists Features KATS! Expect ‘lots of solo Chum!’ next season on ‘Pawn Stars’   Christopher Lawrence Nicolas Cage cranks the manic energy up to 11 in ‘Army of One’   Sounding Off DJ Rex Dart shares party-starting playlists for Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year’s Eve   Mike Weatherford Broadway musical ‘A Bronx Tale’ suggests Strip potential   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR TUE 15 WED 16 THU 17 FRI 18 SAT 19 SUN 20 MON 21 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
null
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds City NewsPoliticsTopicsEnvironmentEducationAnnouncementsTrafficPhotosBlogs News Here's why Mike Ramos wants to be appointed California attorney general Sports Alexander: San Diego voting 'meh' on the Chargers News Near-record temps giving way to abrupt cool-down Entertainment Kenny Chesney, Shania Twain and Dierks Bentley top Stagecoach 2017 festival lineup News How Hemet food pantry benefited from Sprouts' move Sprouts Farmers Market donates items from closed location to the Hemet Community Pantry.   RELATED Sprouts grocery grows Inland business How Amazon may crack the brick-and-mortar grocery market Avocado shortage triggers price surge in area Tweet    How Hemet food pantry benefited from Sprouts' move Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 7 More Galleries     Roderick Johnson, left, and Keimaris Moorehead, volunteers with the Hemet Community Pantry, stack donated food from the now-closed Sprouts location on State Street. Sprouts has moved to a new location and is donating some of it's food from its previous location to local pantries. FRANK BELLINO, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Related article » More from this story SLIDE SHOW: How Hemet food pantry benefited from Sprouts' move 7 Photos » Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By CRAIG SHULTZ / STAFF WRITER Published: Oct. 26, 2016 Updated: Oct. 27, 2016 5:15 p.m. Standing in the rear of a near vacant Hemet grocery store Wednesday, Oct. 26, Jim Lineberger loaded packages of eggs into a crate. The executive director of the Hemet Community Pantry was collecting the final bit of food being donated to the charity from a closed Sprouts Farmers Market. Sprouts opened a new location in the city earlier in the day. While the business moved, the food didn’t. Instead, it was donated to a number of charities that feed the hungry, including the Hemet-based Community Pantry. Lineberger showed up with an army of volunteers and a couple of trucks. He left with about five pallets of food, mostly produce and dairy. “We’re usually given food, but not as healthy food,” Lineberger said. Founded in 1965, the pantry serves more than 900 families per month. It addition to Sprouts, it gets regular donations from businesses such as Panera Bread, Target, Walmart Neighborhood Market and Agri-Empire. The businesses donate food that is edible, but no longer can be sold. Wednesday’s haul adds to the typical donation of cereal, top ramen and boxes of mac and cheese. Lineberger, who just passed his fifth anniversary as director, said the type of client has changed over the years. “We’re seeing more and more seniors and we’re feeding more working poor,” he said. Among the volunteers who helped load donated items Wednesday were some homeless men who came from Weston Park to assist. Another volunteer was Hemet Teachers Association President Billy Valenzuela. “When I saw what part of the day it was being done, I didn’t think a lot of people could volunteer,” Valenzuela said as he moved jugs of milk from a refrigerator into carrying cases around 1 p.m. “I figured I can so I will.” It’s unknown as to what will happen to the now vacant building at State Street and Stetson Avenue. Sprouts and forerunners Boney’s and Henry’s were there for almost two decades. The market was a Stater Bros. before that. The new store, at 2207 W. Florida Ave, is in a complex created from the shell of a former Walmart store. The new Sprouts opened Wednesday and will continue to participate in the company’s local Food Rescue Program, which donates food to food banks. In 2015, Sprouts donated approximately 14 million pounds of product to those in need, which is equivalent to 12 million meals, according to a news release. Contact the writer: 951-368-9086 or cshultz@scng.com Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Hemet Burned Apple Valley man arrested in Hemet arson case Shellie Milne talks about her loss to Chuck Washington Tax, pot rules on Hemet docket COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Jurors to hear closing arguments in New Jersey bridge case Source: The Associated Press October 27, 2016 at 8:25 AM After testimony spanning six weeks, jurors in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case will hear closing arguments beginning Thursday. Continue Reading »» More From This Industry • HL Onlineparts leases industrial property in Linden • Physical therapy chain buys N.J. business in third Garden State deal of 2016 • CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M • East Orange apartments fetch $27M Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Building the future: Industry icon Sanzari constructing new headquarters in Hackensack NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Groundbreaking gives backers chance to tout perseverance behind One Theater Square project 2 NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner 3 Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda 4 Editorial: Do those red states know something we don't? 5 Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education 1 Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (2) 2 Christie out as chairman of Trump transition, reports say (2) 3 Most-read of the week: Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (1) 4 On her own terms: Flagg took over construction company after death of her husband (1) 5 N.J. business community applauds TTF ballot question approval (1) Featured News Japanese firm's U.S. unit buys majority stake in Hoboken's Waterfront Corporate Center III CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M East Orange apartments fetch $27M Industry Insights: The special role of the special fiscal agent Beyond the law: Today's attorneys find that knowing their field means studying more than its legal element Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In N.J.'s 4th largest city may soon offer IDs to unauthorized immigrants Source: NJ Advance Media for NJ.com October 27, 2016 at 8:27 AM Elizabeth could soon become the latest New Jersey municipality to offer local identification cards to unauthorized immigrants, homeless people and others. Continue Reading »» More From This Industry • HL Onlineparts leases industrial property in Linden • Physical therapy chain buys N.J. business in third Garden State deal of 2016 • CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M • East Orange apartments fetch $27M Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Building the future: Industry icon Sanzari constructing new headquarters in Hackensack NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Groundbreaking gives backers chance to tout perseverance behind One Theater Square project 2 NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner 3 Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda 4 Editorial: Do those red states know something we don't? 5 Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education 1 Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (2) 2 Christie out as chairman of Trump transition, reports say (2) 3 Most-read of the week: Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (1) 4 On her own terms: Flagg took over construction company after death of her husband (1) 5 N.J. business community applauds TTF ballot question approval (1) Featured News Japanese firm's U.S. unit buys majority stake in Hoboken's Waterfront Corporate Center III CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M East Orange apartments fetch $27M Industry Insights: The special role of the special fiscal agent Beyond the law: Today's attorneys find that knowing their field means studying more than its legal element Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Health coverage eats up 9% of N.J. household budgets Source: The Record October 27, 2016 at 8:27 AM New Jersey workers paid an average of $4,900 for family health coverage last year, up from about $3,000 in 2006, a new report from the Commonwealth Fund said on Tuesday. Continue Reading »» More From This Industry • HL Onlineparts leases industrial property in Linden • Physical therapy chain buys N.J. business in third Garden State deal of 2016 • CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M • East Orange apartments fetch $27M Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Building the future: Industry icon Sanzari constructing new headquarters in Hackensack NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Groundbreaking gives backers chance to tout perseverance behind One Theater Square project 2 NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner 3 Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda 4 Editorial: Do those red states know something we don't? 5 Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education 1 Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (2) 2 Christie out as chairman of Trump transition, reports say (2) 3 Most-read of the week: Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (1) 4 On her own terms: Flagg took over construction company after death of her husband (1) 5 N.J. business community applauds TTF ballot question approval (1) Featured News Japanese firm's U.S. unit buys majority stake in Hoboken's Waterfront Corporate Center III CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M East Orange apartments fetch $27M Industry Insights: The special role of the special fiscal agent Beyond the law: Today's attorneys find that knowing their field means studying more than its legal element Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In $712M in new NJ Transit buses start rolling off line again Source: NJ Advance Media for NJ.com October 27, 2016 at 8:24 AM New NJ Transit commuter buses have started rolling off the assembly line again, sparing workers in Canada and North Dakota from layoffs that were announced in September. Continue Reading »» More From This Industry • HL Onlineparts leases industrial property in Linden • Physical therapy chain buys N.J. business in third Garden State deal of 2016 • CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M • East Orange apartments fetch $27M Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Building the future: Industry icon Sanzari constructing new headquarters in Hackensack NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Groundbreaking gives backers chance to tout perseverance behind One Theater Square project 2 NAIOP New Jersey honors some of real estate industry's finest at awards dinner 3 Lincoln Equities Group explains how it lured Allergan to 5 Giralda 4 Editorial: Do those red states know something we don't? 5 Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education 1 Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (2) 2 Christie out as chairman of Trump transition, reports say (2) 3 Most-read of the week: Christie has 'no recollection' of being told of GWB lane closures (1) 4 On her own terms: Flagg took over construction company after death of her husband (1) 5 N.J. business community applauds TTF ballot question approval (1) Featured News Japanese firm's U.S. unit buys majority stake in Hoboken's Waterfront Corporate Center III CBRE involved in series of real estate sales totaling more than $4.75M East Orange apartments fetch $27M Industry Insights: The special role of the special fiscal agent Beyond the law: Today's attorneys find that knowing their field means studying more than its legal element Steven Van Zandt concert series to benefit Count Basie as it strives to become center for arts education NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
