Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Health People Food Beaches Puzzles Family Fashion Home & Garden Travel Best of OC Pets Halloween Huntington Beach may allow some downtown bars, restaurants to stay open later Newport-Mesa Unified moves to switch to area-election system after lawsuit Judge asks for long-term plan for Santa Ana River homeless residents' property 7-year-old Ryan Hickman has raised $10,000 by recycling to save sea lions Jamal Crawford stays hot, carries Clippers past Celtics Angels pitcher Cam Bedrosian faces batters, feels adrenaline How USC football team looks as spring pratice starts NFL free agency: Receivers will be top targets for Rams Ferndales Bridal relocates in Orange LoanDepot developing faster, all-digital loan approvals Getting a fat tax refund? Find out how most will spend theirs A billboard or not? Irvine ponders whether to allow advertising on auto center freeway sign Charles Busch honors five great women of cabaret – dressed as a woman Bad Religion frontman Greg Graffin gets back to his roots with new solo album Korn brings its singular sound (and Corey Taylor) to HOB Anaheim Why Octavia Spencer isn't buying into 'The Shack's' God controversy Top news Home Marla Jo Fisher: This story is strange but true March 7, 2017 Updated 12:00 a.m. 1 of 1 Frumpy Middle-age Mom Marla Jo Fisher's new patio chairs. (Photo by Marla Jo Fisher, Orange County Register/SCNG) , Frumpy Middle-age Mom Marla Jo Fisher's new patio chairs. (Photo by Marla Jo Fisher, Orange County Register/SCNG) , By MARLA JO FISHER / Staff columnist Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Seriously. This really happened. Strange-but-true. A few days ago, I headed over to Wal-Mart early in the morning after dropping Curly Girl off at her new job, where she is now changing the oil in strangers’ cars for a big national chain. The thought of my pretty little teenage daughter changing anyone’s oil is strange enough, considering she’s a girly-girl who holds a small funeral for the remains every time she breaks a fingernail, but that’s not even the weird part of this story, so stick around. I don’t much like the way Wal-Mart treats its employees, but they had these patio chairs that were so ridiculously cheap that I was willing to ignore my scruples. So I got there early, before they sold out. It was so early that no one was working the register in the back at the garden center, where the patio furniture was located, so I asked the uniformed security guard if I could just rip off the tags and take them to the front cashiers, instead of the whole chairs. We started chatting, and I ended up confessing to her that I didn’t even know how I was going to get aforementioned chairs home with me, because I only have a tiny 2001 Toyota Corolla and they were unlikely to fit. But I didn’t want to wait, because $14 patio chairs were not going to last, and I really needed some for my deck. Now, here’s the weird part. Are you ready? This young woman then asked me if I lived far away, and I told her I actually only lived about a mile from the store. “I’ll tell you what,” she then told me. “You can borrow my truck to get them home. It’s right there.” And she pointed to a shiny pickup in perfect condition, with heavy metal band stickers on the back. “Oh, no, I couldn’t do that,” I demurred. But, she insisted, and in a few minutes, she was helping me load my new chairs into the back of her truck, then handed me the keys and I drove away. It was a nice four-wheel-drive, and it occurred to me I could take a trip to Vegas for the weekend, but instead I drove carefully home, dropped the chairs off in my driveway, and returned. I’d bought her a $10 Wal-Mart gift card when I bought the chairs, thinking she could use it for gas, and I tried to give it to her when I brought back her keys. She looked relieved, and I wondered if maybe even she’d thought it was a little crazy to give her car keys to a stranger, even one as boring and non-threatening as me. But, then, she refused to take the gift card, and waved it away as if I were offering her a parking ticket. “No, no, not necessary,” she said, and just smiled. “You can bring me a coffee next time you come.” I thanked her and walked away. Afterward, I contemplated writing to her bosses to tell them what a great employee she was, but decided against it. You never know what will happen. Big companies have rules, and she may have inadvertently broken one by lending me her truck. I wouldn’t want to accidentally get her fired or disciplined. But I did want to share my story, so you can know that even in a huge metro area with so many people, there are still some with a kind streak and a trusting nature. And I feel a little more kindly and trusting myself these days, as a result. Contact the writer: mfisher@scng.com or 714-796-7994 Related Links Marla Jo Fisher: 10 things my dog would say if he spoke English Marla Jo Fisher: Fat chicks are welcome here Frumpy Mom: 10 things every parent should know Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular 2 men injured in accidental shooting in Laguna Niguel 12-hour SWAT standoff ends in Orange as knife-wielding man bitten by police dog Human remains discovered in Buena Park back yard Retail-restaurant roundup: Dairy Queen makes comeback; Luna Grill opens 3 eateries; $13 R Where in Orange County do people own homes the longest? Related Links Marla Jo Fisher: 10 things my dog would say if he spoke English Marla Jo Fisher: Fat chicks are welcome here Frumpy Mom: 10 things every parent should know User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Huntington Beach may allow some downtown bars, restaurants to stay open later Newport-Mesa Unified moves to switch to area-election system after lawsuit Judge asks for long-term plan for Santa Ana River homeless residents' property 7-year-old Ryan Hickman has raised $10,000 by recycling to save sea lions Jamal Crawford stays hot, carries Clippers past Celtics Angels pitcher Cam Bedrosian faces batters, feels adrenaline How USC football team looks as spring pratice starts NFL free agency: Receivers will be top targets for Rams Ferndales Bridal relocates in Orange LoanDepot developing faster, all-digital loan approvals Getting a fat tax refund? Find out how most will spend theirs A billboard or not? Irvine ponders whether to allow advertising on auto center freeway sign Charles Busch honors five great women of cabaret – dressed as a woman Bad Religion frontman Greg Graffin gets back to his roots with new solo album Korn brings its singular sound (and Corey Taylor) to HOB Anaheim Why Octavia Spencer isn't buying into 'The Shack's' God controversy Top news Education » Trabuco Hills students take part in Read Across America Day honoring Dr. Seuss UC system proposes a 20 percent cap on out-of-state students Anaheim Ducks are science teachers for a day BUSINESS » Ferndales Bridal relocates in Orange LoanDepot developing faster, all-digital loan approvals Getting a fat tax refund? Find out how most will spend theirs O.C. Watchdog » Even toxics control successes can leave affected Southern California neighborhoods on edge Kids could again be arrested for prostitution under Travis Allen's bill Judges say 'no child can be a prostitute' Health Care » CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing ENTERTAINMENT » Charles Busch honors five great women of cabaret – dressed as a woman Bad Religion frontman Greg Graffin gets back to his roots with new solo album Korn brings its singular sound (and Corey Taylor) to HOB Anaheim Food » Retail-restaurant roundup: Dairy Queen makes comeback; Luna Grill opens 3 eateries; $13 Rockwell curl cakes Restaurant review: There are great burgers and fries at this Huntington Beach beer bar Best Thing I Ate This Week: The ribeye at Mastro's is perfection TELEVISION » Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Shirley Chung or Brooke Williamson? Who is crowned Season 14 Top Chef winner Tarek and Christina El Moussa, move over; 'Flip or Flop' Vegas, Atlanta, Texas, Nashville and Chicago are in the works Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Anaheim Ducks are science teachers for a day VIDEO » Video: CIF State basketball preview WILDLIFE TRACKS » Coyote attacks are on the rise, here's how to see if they're in your area CARTOONS » Today's cartoons: Blood in the water SLIDESHOW » Girls of summer: Irvine's Northwood Little League introduces its first all-girls baseball team ALZHEIMER'S » Alzheimer's: A cutting-edge approach to battling a problem that plagues aging people Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Police & Fire 2 former Lucas County officers face theft charges One jail worker fired; 2nd resigned By Ryan Dunn  | BLADE STAFF WRITER Published on March 7, 2017 | Updated 1:17 a. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print A Lucas County jail corrections officer was fired Monday, and a second officer previously resigned as a result of theft charges from Walmart in Holland. The Lucas County jail. THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image Both Denise Alexander and Charlana Brown recently left the Lucas County Sheriff’s Office, and each has a pending misdemeanor case in Sylvania Municipal Court. Ms. Alexander, 43, of Toledo, was dismissed after 10 years with the office. A review board sustained seven administrative charges against her, including immoral conduct, law violation, and dishonesty, according to internal affairs records. Ms. Alexander declined an interview request Monday, and Ms. Brown did not return a call seeking comment. Store security stopped Ms. Alexander on Feb. 10 while she attempted to leave Walmart, 1355 S. McCord Rd., according to internal affairs records. An employee said Ms. Alexander took clothes and groceries to the self-checkout register, purchased some of the items, and tried to take the remaining merchandise, internal affairs found. A sales receipt shows Ms. Alexander purchased 23 items totaling $71, but did not pay for 38 items at a cost of $165. The store issued a no-trespass order for any Walmart location, internal affairs said. The store’s loss prevention section had video recordings of someone committing prior thefts Jan. 17 and 18, and later determined it was Ms. Alexander, according to the internal affairs report. Holland police said Ms. Alexander stole $62 in merchandise Jan. 17 and $73 on Jan. 18, according to an incident report. She faces three charges of petty theft in municipal court. Ms. Alexander told investigators she did leave Walmart without paying for items Feb. 10, but did not recall visiting the store on the January dates, internal affairs said. Authorities also believe Ms. Brown, 33, of Toledo, took $337 in merchandise Feb. 9 from the Walmart, according to a police report. A misdemeanor charge of petty theft was filed Feb. 17 in municipal court. Ms. Brown, a four-year veteran of the sheriff’s office, submitted her resignation letter Feb. 24. “Effective this date, I resign my position as corrections officer with the Lucas County Sheriff’s Office. Thank you,” Ms. Brown wrote. There was no internal affairs investigation of Ms. Brown, and no administrative charges had been filed against her, said Capt. Donald Atkinson, who oversees the Internal Affairs Bureau. The Blade reviewed Holland police and Sylvania Municipal Court records regarding Ms. Brown’s case, and Captain Atkinson confirmed she was a former employee. He declined comment on her resignation. Contact Ryan Dunn at: rdunn@theblade.com, 419-724-6095, or on Twitter @rdunnblade. Related Items corrections , Lucas County jail , Ryan Dunn , sylvania municipal court , Lucas County Sheriff's Office , Denise Alexander , Charlana Brown Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 07/03/2017 12:27:30 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 08:00 | 07/03/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Vietnamese goods still have low sales to Wal-Mart VietNamNet Bridge - Vietnamese manufacturers and suppliers don’t expect high profits from selling goods via Wal-Mart, but they hope Wal-Mart can serve as the bridge that links them to the US and other choosy markets.    In 2014, Cuu Long An Giang’s products began entering Wal-Mart chain directly, not through intermediaries.  Vinamit’s dried fruit products have been available at Wal-Mart China for many years. Trung Nguyen Coffee has also been present at Wal-Mart Chile, Brazil, Mexico and China. In 2008, Thuan Phuong Company sent staff to Wal-Mart’s office in China to negotiate the distribution of the company’s products at the retail chain. After the negotiation, Thuan Phuong became the first Vietnamese garment company selling products to the Wal-Mart chain. Vietnamese manufacturers and suppliers don’t expect high profits from selling goods via Wal-Mart, but they hope Wal-Mart can serve as the bridge that links them to the US and other choosy markets. At first, Thuan Phuong provided 200,000 products only in the first year, but now it provides 3-5 million products a year. It has built two more factories in Long An province to satisfy the high demand. Other Vietnamese garment companies have followed Thuan Phuong’s move and found positions in the Wal-Mart chain. However, an analyst commented that while Vietnamese companies have successfully brought their products to Wal-Marts in the UK, China and Mexico, the volume of products in Wal-Mart in the US remains modest. He also pointed out that though Vietnam’s products have entered Wal-Mart, they are mostly cheaper outsourced products and don’t bear Vietnamese brands.  A footwear company in Binh Duong province has two product lines available at Wal-Mart, but the products bear Nike and Wal-Mart brands. There are only the words ‘Made in Vietnam’ on the products which show their origin. He said that to date, no Vietnamese garment and footwear company can export products under their own brands to Wal-Marts in the US. The representative of a company belonging to Vinatex revealed that his company once supplied products to Wal-Mart, but it later stopped, because Wal-Mart only accepted very low prices, and the company could not make profit. Dong Hung JSC, a big leather shoe manufacturer, is a partner of Wal-Mart. However, a senior executive of the company, said doing business with Wal-Mart doesn’t bring high profit, because the average export price is $4-5 per product only, which is close to production costs. International media recently reported that Wal-Mart met with big difficulties because of the stiff competition from many of its rivals, including online retailers like Amazon. This has discouraged some big Wal-Mart suppliers. However, Vietnamese still want to become Wal-Mart suppliers, because they hope Wal-Mart can serve as the bridge that links them to the US and other choosy markets.  Dong Hung, for example, still accepts outsourcing for Wal-Mart, though it must show samples to the partner to check before placing orders. RELATED NEWS Vietnamese businesswomen hope for benefits from Wal-Mart’s policy Vietnamese distribution market has gathered nearly all “luminaries” Kim Chi vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news, vn news, Wal-mart, Big C, distribution chains   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on BUSINESS IN BRIEF 6/3 Many Vietnamese businesses stop advertising on YouTube Foreign trade revenue quadruples in decade of WTO membership Foreign fruit generate high profits for Da Lat farmers SOEs seek foreign capital for shares Low cost housing demand very large in HCMC: Estate Association Uber still unable to see eye-to-eye with regulators Vietnam Rubber Group to offer 25% capital in Q2 IPO SOEs to divest from banks on positive market outlook $20,000 for a rice export license - fact or fiction?     Top Stories Railway investment lags far behind road expenditures Ideal places for travelling by motorbike in Vietnam Attractive shares in stock market available in 2017 Dau - Vietnam's oldest pagoda Pressured to be transparent, banks rush to list shares Finance Ministry lowers ‘.vn’ domain prices Vietnamese parents, teachers turn students into ‘robots’ Vingroup, Vihajico, Him Lam Land change face of low-cost property market Vietnam seeks way to produce herbal medicine Shopping malls shut down in high season Latest News Vietnamese photographer listed among finalists of Smithsonian contest HCM City launches digital traffic app Xuan Pha Dance recognised as national intangible heritage Struggling to smelt, Venezuela state-run steelmaker grows sunflowers, crops Japanese woman kindles organic cultivation among Vietnamese farmers Chinese citizens jailed for stealing money using fake ATM cards Vietnamese can apply for passports online Self-driving bus with no back-up driver nears California street Mekong water diplomacy vital Ca Mau gears up for fires     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Check Point’s Much Anticipated Release on All Formats Los Angeles, CA , March 6, 2017 (Newswire.com) – ​​​​​​​​​​​​​On Tuesday, March 7th, Check Point will have its’ much anticipated release on all formats. The online platforms releasing the film are iTunes US, Google Play, Xbox, Amazon Instant, Amazon DVD, Vudu (Walmart online), and Playstation. The cable providers are Comcast, Cos, Time Warner Cable, Brighthouse, Verizon Fios, Frontier, Suddenlink, Charter, Mediacom, CenturyLink, Google Play, Dish, DirecTV, and Blockbuster/Sling TV.  „I have written many scripts and produced/directed a few films. But nothing compared to where my mind went with Check Point.” Thomas J. Churchill, Multi Award-Winning Filmmmaker The DVD retailers releasing the film are Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon.com, Netflix, Redbox, and Military Base shops.  The film was directed, produced and written by multi award-winning filmmaker Thomas J. Churchill. Check Point stars an ensemble cast consisting of WWE Universal Champion Bill Goldberg (The Longest Yard), William Forsythe (The Rock, Raising Arizona), Martial Arts Hall of Famer Mel Novak (Bruce Lee’s Game of Death, An Eye For An Eye opposite Chuck Norris), Kane Hodder (Jason Voorhees from Friday the 13th films), Tyler Mane (Michael Myers in Rob Zombie’s Halloween, X-Men), Fred „The Hammer” Williamson (From Dusk Till Dawn, Starsky & Hutch), Former UFC Champion John Lewis (Sons of Anarchy), Krista Grotte (Nation’s Fire, The Rack Pack, The Emerging Past) and Kenny Johnson (Bates Motel, The Shield). This project is also the last film of Ricky Harris (Heat, Dope) before his tragic and unexpected death.  Check Point is a very timely film considering all that is going on in the world today. This film is about a sleeper cell terrorist plot that is discovered in a small town where everyone knows one another, or so they thought they did. As justice seems lost, when an insurgent attack threatens to escalate into a full-blown invasion of the US, a team of unlikely heroes must rise up to fight the enemy and protect their beloved country. „The idea of Check Point was something that has been with me since 1987. At one time, I wanted to be in the service as my father, uncles, grandfather and even my brother served our country. But I realized that it takes a very special kind of person to wear the uniform and defend their country. At that time in my life, my mind drifted more to the cinema and I wanted to make movies…where people can escape their worries and problems and lose themselves for a bit and get caught up in the world of cinema,” he added. Other projects this multi-talented filmmaker has worked on are the two time award-winning retro-film noir zombie epic-Lazarus: Apocalypse starring James Duval (Independence Day), which won best horror film at The New York City International Film Festival.  He also wrote, produced, directed and starred in the eight-time award-winning horror film The Emerging Past Director’s Cut. He also produced and portrayed the sheriff in the indie film Mr. Hush. Churchill was also seen by millions on the SyFy Network’s hit series Monster Man in episode #2 titled The Forbidden Werewolf.  This talented multi-hyphenate had a memorable role in the new cult classic Samurai Cop 2: Deadly Vengeance with a talented ensemble cast consisting of Bai Ling (The Crow), Tommy Wiseau (The Room), Laurene Landon (Airplane 2: The Sequel), and Dawna Lee Heising (Pond Scum), and was reunited with Novak. He will also star with Novak and Landon in the upcoming Syndicate Smasher. Next on deck for Churchill is epic action thriller Nation’s Fire, ​starring Grotte, which he wrote and will be directing. Also on deck for him is an edgy new anthology TV series, Cold Plastic, ​which he also wrote and is directing  as well. Both projects are being production in conjunction David M. Parks’ Apothecary Entertainment. More info at http://www.churchhillproductions.com/ For interview opportunities and media coverage, please contact williamsonmgmt@gmail.com  Source: The Williamson Management on behalf of Church Hill Productions CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts, attack, base, defend, enemy, Entertainment, fight, fire, invasion, lose, military, Movies, Nation, service, star, TV, Uncategorized, uniform, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Protected Blog › Log in Next PostNext Governor McAuliffe Announces Acceptance of Private Sector Proposal to Deliver I-395 Express Lanes Extension – Milestone marks major advance toward expanding reliable travel choices on I-95/395 corridor Search Recent Posts Allergy Partners Provides Tips About Dry, Itchy Winter Skin YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact Indkaldelse til ordinær generalforsamling i Brøndbyernes I.F. Fodbold A/S Aktia tarjoaa kumppaneilleen uusia yhteistyömuotoja Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 69° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny skies. High 59F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 40F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 6, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business AP No liquor in Walmart after sharply divided Colorado vote 6 hrs ago (…) DENVER (AP) — Colorado Walmart stores won't be selling liquor after a bill to allow the sales failed by a single vote Monday in the state Senate. Senators voted 18-17 to defeat a bill adjusting Colorado's liquor code a year after Colorado made its biggest alcohol change since the end of Prohibition by allowing more grocers to sell full-strength beer. The debate wasn't along party lines. Democrats and Republicans were both ardent supporters and opponents of the Walmart change. Walmart helped negotiate last year's alcohol bill, but apparently overlooked a provision making it impossible for some big-box retailers such as Walmart and Target to sell liquor. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis This year's measure was advertised as a "clean-up" measure. But it elicited opposition from senators who argued Walmart would drive more independent liquor stores out of business. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire General News State Legislature State Governments Government And Politics Legislature Bills Legislation Business Locations Colorado United States North America View (…) comments Most popular Demand for Provel cheese, new restaurants equal growth spurt at Imo's Pizza Kona beer is not from Hawaii, consumers say in lawsuit Businesses grapple with hike in St. Louis' minimum wage Dobbs family feud continues: brother accuses sister of defying court order St. Louis jury rejects woman's claims talcum powder contributed to her cancer Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section CSX reaches deal with hedge fund, hires new railroad CEO No cookies for you: Girl Scouts and others get the boot at O'Fallon, Mo., Wal-Mart Electronics retailer HHGregg files for bankruptcy Nicklaus: Stock market is sleepwalking past potential problems Peabody Energy agrees to collateral for mine cleanup costs Quick links Columnists David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Visit our Your Next Home booth at the Home & Garden show for a chance to win $3,000 in home furnishings from Dau Furniture! You could watch a Blues private practice and have lunch at Sub Zero Vodka Bar! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 23° F Clear Wind WSW at 2 MPH Pressure 1025 MB Dewpoint 5° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Bipartisan vote kills bill to fix ‘glitch’ in grocery liquor-sales By Charles Ashby Monday, March 6, 2017 DENVER — Some called it a simple cleanup bill, but others said a measure dealing with last year’s law opening full-strength liquor sales to grocery stores did a lot more than that. Because of that dispute, a measure that was intended to fix a glitch in last year’s law died on a surprising bipartisan 18-17 vote Monday. “A lot of the people that are involved in this internally and externally (of the statehouse) are really unclear and uncertain about how all this comes together and how it’s being determined,” said Sen. Randy Baumgardner, R-Hot Sulphur Springs. “This is a tough decision because several of my mom-and-pop (liquor stores) are saying, ‘It doesn’t sound like a bad deal.’ But then I have several that said, ‘I hate this. This is going to destroy us.’ So it’s going to be a hard decision for a lot of us on how to vote on this.” In the end, it was a squeaker, with Senate President Kevin Grantham, R-Canon City, casting the deciding vote. Like Baumgardner, the region’s other local lawmakers — Sens. Ray Scott, R-Grand Junction, Don Coram, R-Montrose, and Kerry Donovan, D-Vail — all voted against the bill. Supporters of the measure, SB143, immediately called out its proponents, saying they played some dirty tricks in getting the bill killed. In a note to senators before they cast that vote, Jeanne McEvoy, chief executive officer of the Colorado Licensed Beverage Association, said some state legislators were being duped. McEvoy said it was Walmart and Target that really made last year’s “historic” compromise a reality, which allowed the sale of full-strength beer, wine and alcohol sales in grocery stores over a 20-year phase-in period. But because of “mistakes and oversights” in the original law, this year’s measure was needed to fix it all, she said. “Unfortunately, in January a few individuals who have a narrow legislative agenda formed a front group called ‘Support Your Local Liquor Store’ to confuse legislators on the true intent of SB17-143 and blow up this historic deal in order to try to pass alternative legislation,” McEvoy wrote. “Who are you going to listen to,” she asked. “The CLBA ... that has been the voice of your local liquor stores for more than 63 years, or a newly formed LLC, less than two months old, formed by a lobbyist?” In lieu of that bill, that group had urged lawmakers to support SB195 instead, a measure that would have allowed independent liquor stores to do the same thing that current law provides to grocery stores. That bill died in a Senate committee late last month. Sen. Angela Williams, D-Denver, who carried last year’s law and this year’s measure, said the 2016 compromise on alcohol sales was designed to allow the state to expand competition while still protecting existing businesses. “The intent is to be able to clarify and implement (the law) so that we continue to be able to protect the small businesses,” Williams said. Other senators, however, said they were under the impression that Walmart was only interested in selling full-strength beer when last year’s measure was passed, but now have changed their minds and want to sell all forms of alcohol. “I did reach out to the governor’s office, and their understanding as well was that Walmart was interested in full-strength beer and not full liquor,” said Sen. Irene Aguilar, D-Denver, who also voted against the bill. “No one is arguing that they were at the (negotiating) table with, I’m told, 10 lawyers, so apparently those 10 lawyers did not earn their money last year because the bill needs to be fixed.” Under the law passed last year, grocery stores wishing to sell full-strength alcohol that have two or more existing liquor stores within 1,500 feet of their front entrances can obtain liquor licenses if they can come to an agreement to purchase those stores and then combine them into a single outlet. Stores in rural communities with less than 10,000 residents have a wider, 3,000-foot requirement. If no such stores exist, they can sell liquor as long as they can get a license to do so from a local government. That law, however, applied only to grocery stores that also have their own liquor-licensed drugstores. Walmart and Target have such stores, but they are licensed to other companies, barring them from participating in the new law. The bill was designed to fix that. As part of the compromise, the law also gave something to existing liquor stores, allowing them to sell food and other non-alcoholic products as long as those sales don’t exceed 20 percent of their overall sales. Sen. Vicki Marble, R-Fort Collins, said that “historic deal” was not much of a deal, at least not for small liquor stores. “The only thing that is historic about this is that it is a historic giveaway and destruction of the liquor industry that we have built in the state,” Marble said. “A lot of us really don’t even know what’s going on (with the new bill). What the liquor store owners did was put their trust in us and in their leaders to do the right thing. I’ll tell you what, epic fail.” COMMENTS TOP JOBS Executive Chef And Event Manager Two Rivers ConventionCenter & Avalon Theatre seeking two qualifiedca... Independent Contractors WE ARE EXPANDING OUR TERRITORY. . . Our team is growing, and we are s... Class B Cdl Driver Accepting applications for Work M-F. Health and lifeinsurance, p... Painters Needed Must have license and transportation. Wage depends on experience. 970-270-51... Rocky Mountain Health Plans Opportunities Clinical InformaticistFacilitate and coach clinical practices impleme... Customer Service & Sales MANAGER - CUSTOMER SERVICE/INSIDE SALESSupervisor needed for approx 2... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Authorities looking for group accused of stealing nearly $3K in baby formula Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1788248" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Group accused of targeting Walmart and stealing baby formula. (KTRK) KTRK Monday, March 06, 2017 11:04PM BAYTOWN, TX (KTRK) -- Baytown police is asking for the public's help in catching a group of criminals who stole nearly $3,000 worth of baby formula from Walmart. According to investigators, the men acted as lookouts while the women filled strollers, baby carriers and diaper bags with the baby formula. The group left the store without paying. Investigators believe they are selling the formula on the black market. Anyone with information is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at (281)427-TIPS. Related Topics: newstheftwalmartBaytown Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS House Republicans unveil Obamacare replacement plan US setting up missile defense system in South Korea Exxon announces expansion program, Trump takes credit Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep funding if it cuts abortions New satellite imaging allows unprecedented tracking of lightning strikes More News Top Stories Man accused of holding woman captive for sex assault Bracelet found during BBQ cook-off has special meaning Former on-air personality impacting young women New details in dramatic high-speed police chase Angry customer causes ruckus inside Whataburger Woman killed in hit-and-run accident after BBQ cook-off Limo hauling a boat? Yep, a sight you'll only see in Texas Show More Teen accused of decapitating mother Heights woman disappeared after fight over her house Aaron Watson gives free concert to HPD officers White House lifts parts of ExxonMobil press release Cody Johnson named new performer for Rodeo Houston More News Top Video Changing trends in engagement rings Former on-air personality impacting young women Man proposes in the hospital after car accident Angry customer causes ruckus inside Whataburger More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, March 07, 2017, 3:16 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Judge hears details of ex-pitcher's 2016 LR slaying, denies reduction in bail By John Lynch This article was published today at 2:46 a.m. PHOTO BY PULASKI COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE Bill Goodman Comments aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. The only witness to the Christmas Eve slaying of former professional baseball pitcher John David Barfield is the 17-year-old son of the man accused of killing him, a Little Rock police detective said Monday. Detective Matt Huffine said Trent Goodman described seeing his father, William Lee Goodman Jr., and Barfield grappling on a two-story staircase behind Barfield's home at 514 Sherman St. The teenager said he then saw his father shoot Barfield twice in the chest just as the struggling men fell over the railing to the ground, a drop of about 15 feet, the detective testified. Huffine was testifying at a bail hearing for William Goodman, who has been jailed since his arrest the same night as the shooting last year. Goodman, represented by attorney Matthew McKay, had requested his $250,000 bail be lowered to a more affordable amount. [INTERACTIVE: Map details all Little Rock killings so far this year] The stairs where the two men were struggling led to a landing outside the kitchen at the back of Barfield's home, the detective said. After the men fell from the stairs, the teen said, he helped his father to his feet and back into their car so they could return to the Sherwood home of Goodman's fiancee, Huffine said. Although Trent Goodman ultimately told police that he had picked up the gun and given it to his father, police have not found the weapon, Huffine said. Father and son were at the house so the teen could pick up a Christmas present from his mother, Mystic Annette Goodman, and for his father to get a check from her, Huffine said. Mystic Goodman, 52, was living with Barfield and is William Goodman's estranged wife, the detective testified. Barfield and Goodman had argued before, but their encounters had never been physical, he said. Barfield pitched for the Texas Rangers for three seasons beginning in 1989 and played for teams in Mexico, Taiwan and Japan before retiring in 1998 from minor league play. Court records show he had fallen on hard times in the months before he was killed. He was arrested for shoplifting at the Little Rock Wal-Mart at 19301 Cantrell Road in April after he walked out of the store without paying for merchandise that store security said he'd hid on his person. He was then transported to Jefferson County jail on a felony nonsupport warrant for owing $20,971 in child support. He pleaded guilty last September in an arrangement with prosecutors to repay the money at $178 per month over 10 years, then have the case expunged. In a May affidavit to the court, Barfield reported he was disabled and largely unable to work or hold a job, although his sister had found him a part-time position that would pay $160 per month. Barfield was in the process of applying for disability at the time, the court filing states. His family had paid $2,000 toward his support debt, and his lawyer, Ed Adcock, reported he was working on the child-support case for free. Barfield was killed two days before the 19th birthday of his daughter, his only child. Describing the Christmas Eve events, Huffine told Pulaski County Circuit Judge Leon Johnson that the elder Goodman entered Barfield's backyard first, with his son and estranged wife following. Mystic Goodman heard the shots but did not see what happened. Johnson declined to reduce Goodman's bail after hearing testimony that someone told paramedics who were called to a Sherwood location to tend an injured Goodman that he had been stabbed. But those paramedics became suspicious, so they called police, who were waiting for Goodman at the hospital, Huffine told the judge. The judge also heard conflicting testimony about the extent of Goodman's injuries. Huffine told the judge the defendant was discharged after about two hours and wasn't seriously injured in the fall. Huffine said the injuries he saw on Goodman were superficial scrapes and minor cuts, none requiring stitches, while Goodman testified he needed 18 stitches in his hand. Goodman started to tell the judge what had happened between him and Barfield on the stairs, saying a door opened and "all of a sudden I got hit with something metal." But his attorney cut him off and told him to focus on his injuries. "I'm all stove up," Goodman told the judge, describing severely bruised ribs from the fall. He also said he's generally in poor health with a damaged, unrepairable aorta, prostate cancer, circulation problems that render his legs numb and high blood pressure. "I'm very weak," he said. "I can't walk more than 20 steps without pain." Goodman denied telling doctors he'd been stabbed at home, saying he did not remember much of what happened in the hospital. Goodman also told the judge he'd worked in Pine Bluff law enforcement, but was challenged by deputy prosecutor Tonia Acker. He said he'd once been a code enforcement officer for Pine Bluff but had supervised police officers on nuisance-abatement cases, testifying that he'd been given that job by the mayor. He acknowledged he had been fired from his last job, saying he had "butted heads" with management at Metal Mart. But he denied accusations that he'd stolen from the business. Goodman also testified that he did not know he'd been charged with felony theft in Jefferson County over the allegations and that he's never been to court in that case, which was filed in May 2015. He acknowledged he's been investigated in separate instances for sexual assault of a child and aggravated assault, but said he was cleared of wrongdoing. The aggravated-assault charge stems from a November 2005 arrest in which Goodman was accused of shooting a gun into the ceiling of a Dollarway Road bar in Pine Bluff. Officials said at the time that he had been with the Pine Bluff code enforcement division for about eight years. Goodman told the judge that he and Mystic Goodman split up about 18 months before the shooting. He's been engaged for about six months to 57-year-old Kristy Mills Maserang of Sherwood, he said. Maserang told the judge that a severely bleeding Goodman showed up at her home on Christmas Eve so weak that he couldn't get out of the car by himself. He had a cut on one wrist that went to the bone, she testified. Her 87-year-old father had been in the car with the Goodmans when they were at Barfield's home, and bullets that police found in the vehicle belonged to him, she said. Maserang said that she never heard anyone say anything about a shooting and that the only guns she's ever seen Goodman with were long guns for hunting. Maserang said she's known Goodman since August and they've been engaged since October. She described him as a loving father with a close relationship with Trent, who lives in Pine Bluff. She described him as well-liked and garrulous. "He makes friends everywhere," she told the judge. "He has never shown me a mean streak." Metro on 03/07/2017 Print Headline: Judge hears details of ex-pitcher's 2016 LR slaying, denies reduction in bail Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Arkansas Jailed teen asks court to rethink bail denial State's U.S. lawmakers file eminent domain bi... Hutchinson lauds state's school-breakfast eff... Ex-principal admits indecency with teen Judge hears details of ex-pitcher's 2016 LR s... Gunshot injuries kill Beebe girl, 7 Voting starts for Bryant school millage bid Helena seeks 9.75 mills for school constructi... Killing, theft nets 60 years for man, 18 More Arkansas stories > Comments on: Judge hears details of ex-pitcher's 2016 LR slaying, denies reduction in bail To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump Tower wiretap claim to get inquiry (52 comments) Congressman apologizes for crude joke about Kellyanne Conway (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Fate of the presidency (32 comments) Proven ain't half of it (11 comments) Pizza restaurant in west Little Rock shopping center robbed by 2 gunmen, police say (10 comments) White House demands investigation into whether Obama abused executive powers (19 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Multistore Builder Could Help Marketers Create Their Own Professional eCommerce Stores   View as PDF  Print View    There used to be a challenge for marketers to create their own store in the past. It could take days, or even weeks to get a single store online. Even so, they would still need to write content, learn SEO, and manually update everything. March 7, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Marketers had to face many difficulties such as getting the traffic to their store in the first place, searching for affiliate products to promote and manually adding them to their website... These are the reasons why the guys from Multistore Builder's team have created a brand new software that could help users solve these problems. Click here to see MultiStore Builder review and demo. Multistore Builder is the first WordPress store builder that lets marketers instantly fill their store with lots of unique, in-demand products from seven major affiliate networks at once. With just a few clicks, users can create their own fully customizable eCommerce affiliate stores that packed with lots of products people need. Let's have a look at some vital features of Multistore Builder software: o Build Stores From Seven Networks 'All-In-One' Fast: Users can choose single products or 'one-click' bulk import products from Amazon, BestBuy, eBay, Shopify, Walmart and so on. o First To Create 'Single' Or 'Multi' Stores At Once: Instead of choosing between an 'Amazon' or 'AliExpress' store, marketers are able to use any combination of affiliate networks in just one site. They can set up full store lines or list individual products from a single network. o Advanced Shortcode Integration: All users need to do is to enter the shortcode into their post and let the plugin do the rest. o 'Built-in' Traffic Features And Training To Guarantee Results: The software will automatically post imported products to social media networks such as FB or Twitter... and come with its non-PLR affiliate traffic training course to guarantee success. o Social Proof And Imported Reviews: Besides importing reviews of any product into marketer's stores, the plugin also comes with the option for real visitors to leave comments on their store. o Auto Price Updating: This is an important feature that most of the other store builders lacked. The tool lets users auto updates to the correct pricing to guarantee high conversion. o Works with WordPress and WooCommerce Themes: Marketers can easily integrate the software into any WordPress or WooCommerce theme, so they have a store that they can add content to and fully control on their hosting. o Display Products That Are Available For A Discount In Real Time: Marketers can now show in real time which products on their store just went on discount on the affiliate network they are on to buy. o Full Control And Customization: Users will have the ability to choose to edit the imported title and descriptions, add their valuable content and reviews. They can also select the exact product order of their 'MultiStores' and choose to include featured products if they want. Everything is easy to use and allows them to have total control. Users can simply follow a three-step procedure to create professional eCommerce stores with Multistore Builder plugin. The first step is to enter their niche keywords to find products to add from any of the seven major affiliate networks. After that, users need to select their filters and which products they want to include. They can instantly check the quality based on reviews, sales, prices, and more. Then, the software will give users the power to build single listings or 'MultiStore' collections of many related products at once to increase revenues. They only need to insert a shortcode or edit the post and let the software do its job. The product's creator also offers marketers a "built-in" traffic and fool-proof traffic training called Affiliate Spark. The course will teach them the best traffic plans for niche affiliate sites that they can use immediately to get results. For more information, you could see MultiStore Builder review in detail. Contact Info: Name: Gerald I. Smedley Email: support@crownreviews.com Organization: Uzumaki & Assistants Corp. Address: 1176 Lowndes Hill Park Road Phone: 415-277-4030 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/multistore-builder-could-help-marketers-create-their-own-professional-ecommerce-stores/175651 For more information, please visit http://crownreviews.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 175651 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Boom Irrigation Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 7th Mar 17) High Voltage Cables and Accessories Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) DataJeo Business Adverting ROI Customer Profile Targeting Software Released (Tue 7th Mar 17) Cardiac Pacemaker Market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.9% by 2022: Vendors- Medtronic, SORIN, Osypka Medical (Tue 7th Mar 17) Connected Medical Devices Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Smart Roads Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend, Growth and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 6° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Home Entertainment Gaming Nintendo Switch Pro Controller has something to share with you... if you can find one Nintendo Switch Pro Controller has something to share with you... if you can find one THE NINTENDO Switch Pro Controller has got something to share with you, shamed that they appear sold out nearly everywhere. By Gary Jones PUBLISHED: 06:35, Tue, Mar 7, 2017 | UPDATED: 08:52, Tue, Mar 7, 2017 NINTENDOThe Nintendo Switch Pro Controller is proving hard to find for some fans The Nintendo Switch Pro Controller appears to be following in the footsteps of its console by becoming a very hard item to buy. This is due to a lot of store and digital retailers currently confirming that they don’t have any stock to sell to fans right now. North America looks to be bearing the brunt of it, with Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, and Target currently showing sold out signs online. For those in the UK, there is a little bit better news, currently Amazon UK and GAME are both showing online stock for the Pro Controller, although it’s unclear how long this will last. You can of course switch to online marketplaces, like ebay, where the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller is going for some inflated prices. If paying over the odds doesn’t interest you then it might be worth waiting a little while before buying that extra controller. Related articles Nintendo Switch Pro Controller and the NES Classic: Sharing secrets Nintendo Switch price costs go up online, following Classic Mini NES Nintendo Switch CONFIRMED games list REVEALED Sat, December 3, 2016 NINTENDO Switch launches with games like The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Play slideshow NINTENDO 1 of 45 The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild headlines the Nintendo Switch launch list The Nintendo Switch Pro Controller is one of the many accessories the Japanese games giant has developed for their new console, with eSports in mine. While fans probably won’t need to fork out for one when playing Mario Odyssey, it may come in handy for those who are going to be feeling competitive when battling on Splatoon 2. The Nintendo Switch Pro controller also has a few nifty features, such as being compatible for PC play.  This could also prove a positive for those PC gamers thinking about buying a Switch as a second device. The Pro Controller also includes motion controls, HD rumble, built-in amiibo functionality, among other Nintendo Classic NES-style secrets that have just been found. In fact, The Nintendo Switch Pro Controller, sold separately, includes all the same features as the Joy-Con - minus the IR Motion Camera - comes in a more traditional form factor and costs less. Nintendo Switch Pro Controller - Black Nintendo Switch Pro Controller - Black £59.99View £62.86View £64.99View £59.75View What’s more it also boasts a secret message for fans who have just bought one. It can be found under the controller's right analog stick and can only be seen when the stick is pushed down. Beneath the plastic, the message reads: "THX2 ALLGAMEFANS." It’s something that the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller shares in common with the Nintendo Classic NES, which also boasts its own little secret message. Nintendo left a secret message for hackers, who managed to install a range of new ROMs onto the much-wanted gadget. The message was written by an unnamed programmer "The Hanafuda Captain" - which is itself a reference to the Japanese hanafuda playing cards that Nintendo sold before entering the gaming industry. Here it is in full: "This is the hanafuda captain speaking. Launching emulation in 3...2...1. Many efforts, tears and countless hours have been put into this jewel.  “So, please keep this place tidied up and don't break everything! Cheers, the hanafuda captain." Related articles Nintendo Switch REVIEW: Nintendo fires WARNING shot to PS4 and Xbox Zelda Breath of The Wild Wii U makes for an intriguing comparison 1-2 Switch REVIEW: Game that should have launched a million consoles Zelda Breath of the Wild secrets REVEALED with Nintendo Swtich news Pokemon Go update ENDS: Here’s what could be coming next Most read in Gaming 1 Nintendo Switch Games update, Pre Order news and stock reveal 2 Nintendo Switch Pro Controller has something to share with you... if you can find one 3 Zelda Breath of The Wild Wii U makes for an intriguing comparison 4 Horizon Zero Dawn REVIEW: PS4 exclusive is really, really, ridiculously good looking 5 For Honor patch notes reveals new gameplay update for PS4, PC and Xbox One Latest videos James Bond news: Matt LeBlanc wants to be the next 007 – ‘I look every inch the character’ Eating THIS fruit will boost YOUR memory - but could the juice protect against dementia? A 10-minute deal to leave the EU? It could happen Susanna Reid sends fans wild as she displays SERIOUS cleavage in plunging floral frock President Hollande urges 'outsider' UK to join EU ARMY as unit assumes Africa operations Overwatch patch notes reveal who is getting a MAJOR PTR nerf next.. and it isn’t Bastion Mass Effect Andromeda release date details confirmed for early Xbox One and PC players Ghost Recon Wildlands release date times CONFIRMED: Xbox One, PS4 and PC launch details Pokemon Go update ENDS: Here’s what could be coming next Zelda Breath of the Wild secrets REVEALED as Nintendo Swtich news points to major boost Destiny Age of Triumph: Bungie tease new live event here’s when you can watch FULL reveal Horizon Zero Dawn 1.03: PS4 update arrives - here’s what it does 1-2 Switch REVIEW: The game that should have launched a million consoles Nintendo Switch price costs go through the roof online, following Classic Mini NES GTA 5 Online: New PS4, Xbox One and PC March update and release date teased Nintendo Switch Games update, Pre Order news and stock reveal PS4 news: PlayStation Plus March 2017 update, Horizon Zero Dawn crash, Battlefield 1 DLC Xbox One news: Project Scorpio games reveal, Games with Gold update, ARK Survival DLC Activision news: Call of Duty 2017 update, Infinite Warfare DLC, World League clash For Honor DLC characters reveal Ubisoft planning a Classic lesson in butt-kicking Overwatch’s new hero Orisa made possible through Overwatch Saturday morning cartoons Zelda Breath of The Wild Wii U makes for an intriguing comparison Nintendo Switch Pro Controller has one BIG thing in common with the Nintendo Classic NES SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Tuesday, 7th March 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Nature Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news UFC F1 Boxing Cricket Golf Tennis Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Express Comment Columnists Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
View dentonrc.com's mobile site dentonrc.com Web Search Member Submitted Weather Contests Contact Us Calendar Headlines Legal Notices News State National/World Education Blotter/Crime Politics Special Projects Let Us Know Blogs Advertorial Insight Denton Obits Sports Colleges High Schools Golf Other Sports Mean Green Scores/Schedules Sports AP Headlines Business Business Chronicle Denton Business Gas Prices Entertainment Denton Time Movies Calendar TV Listings Comics & Games Dining Life Couples Food/Recipes Home/Garden Health Religion Let Us Know Photos Faces and Places Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Submit a Letter Classifieds Calendar Jobs Real Estate Shopping Find & Save DealFinder Classifieds ePaper NIE Home > News > Local News Headlines March 06, 2017 11:05 PM CST March 06, 2017 11:10 PM CST Blotter: Man denies girlfriend’s assault claim Blotter: Man denies girlfriend’s assault claim Comments () A Text Size Denton Record-Chronicle Published: 06 March 2017 11:05 PM No arrests were made Sunday after a 30-year-old woman claimed her boyfriend “broke her phone and then backhanded her across the face” at a home in the 400 block of Bryan Street, according to a police report. Police arrived at the home at about 2 p.m. when the boyfriend denied the assault. The woman also did not have any injuries that supported her claim, the report said. The woman initially said her boyfriend hit her after he found emails on her phone “to another subject,” the report said. After officers spoke with both parties, the woman left the scene with family members. Other reports 1500 block of South Loop 288 — Police found a plastic bag of methamphetamine in a 29-year-old woman’s backpack at the city jail after police arrested her on an active warrant, according to a police report. Police initially responded to a report of a shoplifter at Wal-Mart in the 1500 block of South Loop 288. Once police arrived on the scene, an officer discovered the suspect had an active Denton County warrant on a charge of possession of a controlled substance, the report said. The woman was taken to Denton City Jail, where police later found the drugs during a search, the report said. The woman received an additional charge of possession of a controlled substance. 900 block of Cleveland Street — A 20-year-old man said he suffered “painful” lacerations on his face Sunday night after another man assaulted him over a woman, according to a police report. The suspect, who was not identified in the report, was a cousin of the victim’s roommate. He had also been staying in the victim’s apartment, the report said. The report did not indicate whether police investigated the matter. The victim wanted to file assault charges against the man. No arrests were made. 3600 block of Marianne Circle — Police are looking for a suspect, who they say threatened two people, after fleeing the scene of a domestic disturbance at a home, according to a report. The police report did not include any details about the initial disturbance, and it did not specify if anyone was injured. Police collected evidence and filed a report. No arrests were made. Roundup From 7 a.m. Friday to 7 a.m. Monday: Denton County Sheriff’s Office dispatchers handled 2,095 service and officer-initiated calls for the agencies they serve, and 60 people were booked into Denton County Jail. Denton firefighters responded to 65 medical calls, nine vehicle crashes, one passenger-vehicle fire and one grass fire. From 7 a.m. Sunday to 7 a.m. Monday: Denton police posted 22 reports online. — Julian Gill Comments DentonRC.com is now using Facebook Comments. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then add your comment below. Your comment is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service on data use. If you don't want your comment to appear on Facebook, uncheck the 'Post to Facebook' box. To find out more, read the FAQ . Copyright 2011 Denton Record-Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Connect With Us Local News Stories Husband of slain woman dies New Park and Ride site opens in hospital lot Ride sharing Blotter: Man denies girlfriend’s assault claim Tuesday, March 7 Calendar Video Related Sites dallasnews.com AlDiaTX.com GuideLive.com Local business listings Denton Record-Chronicle Newspaper Subscriptions Letter to Editor Submissions Advertising Place Classified Ad Home Contact Us Help Center Advertising Site Map Find Denton Jobs Get the Newspaper ©2015, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
WATCH LIVE Home News Local News Regional News National News Special Reports Meet the Team Copy Request Story Ideas About WABI Weather Weather E-Weather Stormwatch Ski Report Sports Sports Good Sport Hale's Corner Never Say Never Moment Play of the Week Tournament Reports Copy Request Features All About Maine A Better Place Ask an Officer Bath Salts: Dangers Business & Finance End Student Hunger Healthy Living Honor Roll Submissions Pets Question Of The Day Archives Senior Segments Take This Job and Love It TV5 Kitchen Schedule Programming Home Programming Schedule Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Buy Maine First It's Our Treat Police Seek Suspect in Bangor Walmart Attempted Robbery Mar 6, 201711:22 PM EST Brian Sullivan Local News, Today's Top Stories Bangor Police are looking for someone who they say walked in to the Bangor Walmart Monday night and demanded money. Police were called to the scene around 9:30. There has been no confirmation from police if the suspect had a weapon, but have said that they believe the suspect fled the scene in a car. The gender of the suspect was not given. Authorities are continuiing to investigate and we’ll have more information for you as it becomes available.   Share this: Facebook Twitter Email ← Fire in Hampden Backs Up Traffic for Several Hours ADVERTISEMENT Trending Stories UPDATE: Fatal Crash Involving Fuel Truck Closes Route 3 in Liberty UPDATE: Former State Lawmaker from Winslow Found After Going Missing Saturday Belfast Man Killed in Head-On Collision with Oil Tanker Truck in Liberty Former State Legislator From Winslow Reported Missing ADVERTISEMENT We Want to Know: Should Senator Angus King support Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch? ADVERTISEMENT © 2017 WABI TV5. All Rights Reserved. | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Advertise | Employment Information | FCC Public File | Closed Captioning | Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More LOCAL NEWS » Newport-Mesa Unified moves to switch to area-election system after lawsuit Updated 5 minutes ago Judge asks for long-term plan for Santa Ana River homeless residents' property Updated 22 minutes ago 7-year-old Ryan Hickman has raised $10,000 by recycling to save sea lions Updated at 05:52 pm Santa Ana considers reinstating ICE jail contract Updated at 10:24 pm Former Aliso Viejo employee alleges defamation in suits against city, county Updated 28 minutes ago Santa Ana man charged with setting his family's house on fire Updated at 06:58 pm Detained Afghan family of 5 will be released Updated at 01:52 pm News Huntington Beach may allow some downtown bars, restaurants to stay open later Updated 37 minutes ago HUNTINGTON BEACH - People dining, drinking and enjoying live entertainment at downtown Huntington Beach bars and restaurants may get a few more hours to do so if two City Council members get their way. Related Huntington Beach considers limitations on future downtown bars Huntington Beach Planning Commission keeps door open to new downtown bars CITY NEWS » Select A City Aliso Viejo Anaheim Brea Buena Park Canyons Costa Mesa Coto de Caza Cypress Dana Point Fountain Valley Fullerton Garden Grove Huntington Beach Irvine Ladera Ranch Laguna Beach Laguna Hills Laguna Niguel Laguna Woods La Habra Lake Forest La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Mission Viejo Newport Beach Orange Placentia Rancho Santa Margarita Rossmoor San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Santa Ana Seal Beach Stanton Sunset Beach Surfside Tustin Villa Park Westminster Yorba Linda CRIME » Judge asks for long-term plan for Santa Ana River homeless residents' property Santa Ana gang member found guilty in 2009 robbery, attempted murder Brea man sentenced to nearly 5 1/2 years in prison for Medicare fraud TRAFFIC » Tustin man dies Saturday in crash on 5 freeway Driverless trucks: Coming soon to a road near you? CHP has a nifty number for the public EDUCATION » Trabuco Hills students take part in Read Across America Day honoring Dr. Seuss UC system proposes a 20 percent cap on out-of-state students Anaheim Ducks are science teachers for a day Editor Picks Play ball! Opening day for boys and girls in Orange County Little Leagues Why record crowds are flocking to Joshua Tree (Hint: It's not the wildflowers yet) Trinity Broadcasting Network sells its landmark Costa Mesa campus along the 405 freeway Science » Even toxics control successes can leave affected Southern California neighborhoods on edge Why record crowds are flocking to Joshua Tree (Hint: It's not the wildflowers yet) State: Dozens of oil violations on Banning Ranch POLITICS/GOVERNMENT » UC system proposes a 20 percent cap on out-of-state students Is GOP giving up on Quirk-Silva's Assembly seat? Pro-Trump march moves to Huntington Beach from Costa Mesa CALIFORNIA » Woman seeks right to trial in Trump University case Silicon Valley rail upgrade is imperiled amid GOP ire Video of dirt biker jumping 60 freeway 'impressive ... but against the law' WATCHDOG » Even toxics control successes can leave affected Southern California neighborhoods on edge Kids could again be arrested for prostitution under Travis Allen's bill Judges say 'no child can be a prostitute' OBITUARIES » Huntington Beach remembers Gil Coerper, a former mayor and police officer who got things done Beulah Strickler brought professional classical music to Fullerton in the 1950s 'Battlestar Galactica' star Richard Hatch dies at 71 NATION » House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Trump travel ban 2.0 narrows reach, still sparks criticism White House aides defend Trump's wiretapping claim Military » Laguna Beach's Patriots Day Parade honors a humble military hero Marine jazz ensemble hits high notes at Santa Ana performing arts school Force Blue gives veterans a new mission: Save coral reefs COLUMNS » Churches ramp up efforts to bring races together for reconciliation Bernie Sanders vs. Hillary Clinton: In Orange County, their supporters take different approaches Medzerian: Too old to be hipster, too young to care EVERYDAY HEROES » Laguna Beach's Patriots Day Parade honors a humble military hero Everyday Heroes: Costa Mesa interior designer gives homes and hope to wounded warriors Everyday Heroes: Laguna Niguel woman, a trauma volunteer, provides comfort when tragedy strikes LATINO LINK » Trump's push against immigrants could be met with pushback Mexican Consulate in Santa Ana launches initiative to aid immigrant women Students, who entered the U.S. illegally, travel to Mexico before Trump becomes president BUSINESS » Ferndales Bridal relocates in Orange LoanDepot developing faster, all-digital loan approvals Getting a fat tax refund? Find out how most will spend theirs Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team 63° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 63° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20B on Gulf Coast projects March 6, 2017 President Donald Trump and Exxon Mobil Corp. exchanged praise for each other on Monday as the company announced plans to create thousands of… Duncan says he’s meeting with constituents, refuses to hold town hall March 6, 2017 Congressman Jimmy Duncan took time to speak with WATE 6 On Your Side Monday on a variety of issues, including President Trump’s executive or… Strangers pay for Maryville woman’s groceries March 6, 2017 Wrong-way crash closes I-40E in Cumberland County March 6, 2017 Jimmy Buffett launches Margaritaville retirement village March 6, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 63° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 63° F Wind: WSW 15 Humidity: 55% Dewpoint: 46° F Sunrise: 6:57 AM Sunset: 6:36 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 63° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 63° F Lo: 40° F Strangers pay for Maryville woman’s groceries By Laura Halm and Madisen Keavy Published: March 6, 2017, 10:07 pm Updated: March 6, 2017, 11:50 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Kristi Cooper MARYVILLE (WATE) – A Maryville woman’s “thank you” video posted to Facebook for a group of teenagers’ random act of kindness is going viral. Trinity Christian Academy teacher Kristi Cooper had been wandering through the aisles of the Walmart in Maryville with her 5-year-old daughter Sunday night, picking up things here and there. When it came time to check out, Cooper says there were a few teenagers standing close to the register. “I noticed them, that they were around. They were looking nice and friendly and I wasn’t worried about it. And when my bill came up, this young man steps in and slides his card and I said, ‘Uh, okay?’ And he said, ‘We got this for you ma’am,'” explained Cooper. There was a big pause and then one of the boys simply said, “God bless you.” “My stomach was in my heart and my heart was in my stomach. For a second I thought, ‘Is this a trick?’ People are nice but I couldn’t hardly believe it,” added Cooper. She says that she gave them all a big hug, “It seemed like everything they had, they were willing to give it.” The exchange only lasted a few minutes and that kind generosity made a lasting impression. Right after, Cooper posted a Facebook Live video. She now says it’s a lesson she’ll carry over into her classroom at Trinity Christian Academy. “I think it’s so encouraging. You never know what somebody’s day has been like and to be able to inspire them in that way and show God’s love.” It was a surprise in a surprising classroom. “Thank you more than you would ever ever know,” said Cooper. Maryville teenagers responsible for act of kindness share what inspired them In the Fairview United Methodist Church Youth Ministry, there is a phrase called “agape attack.” It’s what they’re calling the random act of kindness Christi Cooper shared on Facebook. “We brought $20, we loaded up on the church bus and we all went to Walmart. At that point we all knew what we were doing. We were going to pay for people’s groceries. Whoever God led us to we were going to pay for.” said Ryan Kirst, a Youth Ministry member. The group paid for at least a thousand dollars worth of groceries for strangers with one message: You are loved. “An Agape Attack is really just anything you can do to show God’s love to someone else,” said Ryan Byrd, a youth ministry member. The man with the idea, Roger Murphy, is the group’s pastor. He says he wanted the students to get out of their comfort zones. “Some of our kids last night were saying, ‘My heart is pounding.’ They had this level of excitement before they went. Then the excitement changed to some other kind of joy after they experienced stepping out of their comfort zone.” said Murphy. Murphy says he wants to share this story because he wants anyone who might feel alone to know, they are loved. He says this is a challenge for anyone wanting to spread love. An Agape Attack doesn’t have to be with money. It can be as simple as a hug. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Woman’s warning about shirt on windshield goes viral for very good reason Dads doing ballet on Valentine’s Day will make your heart happy Maryville family upset postal worker sprayed fenced-in dog Tennessee lawmaker pushes for concealed carry in more government buildings Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National March 6, 2017 9:05 PM California exports its poor to Texas and other states, while wealthier people move in Every year between 2000 to 2015, more people left California than moved in from other states. This migration was not spread evenly across all income groups. This map shows the net migration to and from California among those near the poverty line between 2005 and 2015. The Sacramento Bee Tamara and Kit Keane recently relocated to California from Oklahoma. California has seen net growth in the number of residents with advanced degrees, like the Keanes, who are moving from other states. Autumn Payne apayne@sacbee.com Kiril Kundurazieff 1 of 3 i By Phillip Reese preese@sacbee.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story California exports more than commodities such as movies, new technologies and produce. It also exports truck drivers, cooks and cashiers. Every year from 2000 through 2015, more people left California than moved in from other states. This migration was not spread evenly across all income groups, a Sacramento Bee review of U.S. Census Bureau data found. The people leaving tend to be relatively poor, and many lack college degrees. Move higher up the income spectrum, and slightly more people are coming than going. About 2.5 million people living close to the official poverty line left California for other states from 2005 through 2015, while 1.7 million people at that income level moved in from other states – for a net loss of 800,000. During the same period, the state experienced a net gain of about 20,000 residents earning at least five times the poverty rate – or $100,000 for a family of three. Kiril Kundurazieff, 56, is among the low-income residents who left California. He spent more than a decade working in a small bookstore, then at Target, then at a Verizon call center, in Southern California. After some medical issues that hampered his eyesight, he found himself unemployed in Santa Ana, with monthly rent of about $1,000 in 2012. “There was really nothing left for me in California,” said Kundurazieff, who also writes a blog about his cats. “The cost of living was high. The rent was high. The job market was debatable.” Friends in Texas suggested he relocate. He now works at a Walmart in Houston, making a little north of $10 an hour. He works 40 hours a week, riding his bike about 7 miles to work many days. He does not pay state income tax. His rent is just over $500, with utilities. About the same time that Kundurazieff was leaving, Tamara and Kit Keane were arriving from Oklahoma. Both had been working on their doctorate degrees at Oklahoma universities, Kit in biology and Tamara in education. The Keanes already knew California. Kit, 34, was born and raised in Sacramento. Tamara, 31, spent most of her life in Southern California. They met at UC Davis about a decade ago. With graduate degrees, they had options. They liked the cost of living in Oklahoma and bought a two-bedroom house with a backyard for the bargain basement cost of $121,000. But they wanted to come back to California, for its beauty and to be near family. “We knew coming here, we would have to make a lot more money to live a similar lifestyle,” Tamara Keane said. After moving back last year, both now work for the Twin Rivers Unified School District as teachers on special assignment. They are expecting a child and recently purchased a three-bedroom house in Hollywood Park for $360,000. Tamara is still working on her Ph.D.; Kit is looking into eventually teaching at the university level. “Teacher salaries are not great,” Tamara Keane said. “But they are enough for us to want to come here.” Well-paid new arrivals in California enjoy a life that is far out of reach of much of the state’s population. Besides Hawaii and New York, California has the highest cost of living in America. During the past three years in Sacramento, median rent for a one-bedroom apartment has risen from about $935 a month to $1,230 a month, according to real estate tracking firm Zillow.com. A single mother working 40 hours a week at $15 an hour would spend nearly half of her gross income to afford an apartment at that price. She would pay about 10 percent less for a one-bedroom rental in Houston or Dallas. Sacramento remains relatively affordable compared to other California markets. Median rent for a one-bedroom apartment in Los Angeles is about $2,270 a month. In San Francisco, $3,700. Without subsidies, those prices are unreachable for a single parent making $15 an hour. Not surprisingly, the state’s exodus of poor people is notable in Los Angeles and San Francisco counties, which combined experienced a net loss of 250,000 such residents from 2005 through 2015. The leading destination for those leaving California is Texas, with about 293,000 economically disadvantaged residents leaving and about 137,000 coming for a net loss of 156,000 from 2005 through 2015. Next up are states surrounding California; in order, Arizona, Nevada and Oregon. All told, California lost about 260,000 economically disadvantaged residents to the 10 states with the lowest cost of living during that time period, compared to a net gain of about 40,000 from the 10 states (other than California) with the highest cost of living. Losing impoverished residents to other states is better for the state’s economy than losing wealthy residents, some experts said. But they said the migration itself is a symptom of deeper social problems largely related to how expensive California has become. “Why are people leaving? Economic reasons, the high cost of living, are certainly a part of it,” said Hans Johnson, senior fellow at the nonpartisan Public Policy Institute of California. “For those people (near the poverty line), California is not viable.” By some measures, California has the highest poverty rate in the nation. Poverty is associated with issues ranging from high crime rates to an increased likelihood of health problems. If someone puts most of their money toward rent, it leaves them with less money for hospital bills or essentials – so society steps in and picks up the slack, at a cost. “We are impacting all other systems,” said Lisa Hershey, executive director of Housing California, a nonprofit that advocates for more affordable housing. Impoverished residents who can’t afford to live in their neighborhood often “end up hospitalized, they end up in prison.” The choices facing millions of low-income workers trying to rent in California’s urban centers are stark, Hershey and others said. They can commute from far-away locales. “People are having to move so far away from their jobs – driving two or three hours,” Hershey said. They can spend a huge portion of their income on rent. Many experts recommend not spending more than a third of gross income on housing. But in California, “We are actually excited to see if people are spending less than 50 percent on housing,” Hershey said. They can live in a cramped house with others sharing the bills. More than 750,000 California households live in a rental containing more people than rooms, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Finally, they can move to a more affordable area. “This is like the ultimate displacement,” Hershey said. “People are being displaced so quickly not only in our communities but from the whole state.” facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation Pause 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 1:15 Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 2:39 Guantánamo: Ready to grow 2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email It's California Earned Income Tax Credit Awareness Week Tech entrepreneur Joseph N. Sanberg talks about the importance of the state Earned Income Tax Credit to low-income Californians. "It means more food for their kids. It means more clothing on their kids' backs," he said. Video courtesy CalEITC 4 ME. CalEITC 4 ME Investment in affordable housing has decreased sharply in California during the last several years, particularly since the dissolution of redevelopment agencies, Hershey said. Her organization is backing several bills that would address the issue through actions such as curbing tax deductions for vacation homes and putting the extra money toward affordable housing. Other than housing, a key reason many are leaving is intense competition for jobs. Even in San Francisco, where the unemployment rate is low, there are so many people trying to make it that those without much education or training have trouble finding work. “I just helped someone apply for a cashier position at CVS,” said Michael Bernick, a job training expert and former director of the state Employment Development Department. “Very competitive. The person I applied with failed, even though he has a college degree.” San Francisco “is the best employment market in the state – and yet even here, the cashier jobs, the restaurant jobs, are getting tens of applicants for most positions,” he said. With persistence, it is easier to get an entry level job in some parts of California than others, though education and training helps greatly. “The minimum qualification for most jobs at $11 an hour is a high school diploma,” said Terri Carpenter, workforce development director at the Sacramento Employment and Training Agency. “If you don’t have any long-term experience to supplement a high school degree, you don’t have too much opportunities. Your most successful candidates are those who have at least a two-year degree.” Several experts noted a growing income disparity between Californians with and without college degrees. That shows up in the data on domestic migration: About 800,000 more adults 25 and older without a bachelor’s degree left California for other states than came here; there was a simultaneous net gain of adults with graduate degrees. “On a social basis, college degrees largely serve as sorters,” Bernick said. “People without college degrees are at a disadvantage in many jobs, especially decent paying jobs.” Without a college degree, workers are generally, at best, stuck in low-paying jobs. And many of them decide to leave. The jobs with the biggest net loss to other states from 2005 through 2015 were cashiers, cooks, truck drivers, material movers, retail sales reps and customer service reps. Those jobs alone accounted for a net loss of 200,000 California workers. The professions with the highest net gain from other states? Software developers and physicians.   Sign up Get the Daily Afternoon Bulletin with a quick summary of the days biggest news at 4 p.m. Sign up here. Phillip Reese: 916-321-1137, @PhillipHReese About this story Figures for this story come from the U.S. Census Bureau Public Use Microdata Sample, a weighted collection of data taken each year from the American Community Survey. It was obtained through the Minnesota Population Center. The Census Bureau asks the people it surveys where they lived exactly 12 months ago, making it possible to determine if they moved in the last year. It also asks about their household income during the last 12 months and calculates poverty status based on their answer. The Bee combined answers to these questions to determine how many economically disadvantaged residents came and left California. Since the Census Bureau doesn’t ask exactly when during the last 12 months someone moved, poverty figures in the story may include income earned both in their old state and their new home. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field Pause 1:50 States Take Tougher Stance on Protests 0:36 A tale of two rental houses in Fort Worth 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 2:39 Guantánamo: Ready to grow Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 17 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 1:15 17 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 3:09 4 days ago Millennials ask: What's it like to retire? 1:50 5 days ago States Take Tougher Stance on Protests View more video National As his young son dies, a father tries to squeeze a lifetime into a few months Trump signs new anti-terror travel ban _without new fanfare Supreme Court won't say if trans teen can pick bathroom Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Families of 9/11 victims might soon get day in court against Saudi officials Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Dallas police looking for man who robbed bank in Uptown Wal-Mart Filed under Crime at 8 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Tom Steele, Breaking News Producer Connect with Tom Steele On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Dallas police are looking for a man who robbed a bank in Uptown Dallas over the weekend. (Dallas Police Department) Just after 2 p.m. Saturday, the robber walked into the First Convenience Bank inside the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in the 2300 block of North Central Expressway, near North Hall Street. He demanded cash from the tellers and ran off. The robber was described as a black man, 35 to 40 years old, about 5-7 and 160 pounds, with a shaved head. He was wearing a green short-sleeve shirt and blue jeans. Anyone with information about the robbery is asked to call Detective A. Winn at 214-797-0296. People who wish to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at 214-373-8477. Crime Stoppers is offering a reward of up to $5,000 for information that leads to an arrest and indictment in this case. View Comments Tags Crime Dallas Uptown Dallas Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Exxon pleases Trump with US$20b shale export building spree, said to create 45,000 jobs Darren Woods, Chairman & CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation speaks during a news conference at the New York Stock Exchange.PHOTO: REUTERS Published7 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4hqP Copy CHICAGO (BLOOMBERG) - Exxon Mobil Corp's US$20 billion (S$28.26 billion) building spree in the heart of the US chemical and refining industry will create 45,000 jobs and boost US efforts to feed Asian demand, the company's new leader said. President Donald Trump couldn't be happier. Following Chief executive officer Darren Woods's announcement of the projects on Monday (March 6), Trump described Exxon as a "true American success story" in a statement. The president followed up with a trademark tweet: "We are already winning again, America!" and a White House video. After decades of locating refineries and chemical plants close to raw materials and end markets in the Middle East and East Asia, Exxon is committed to steering construction dollars to its home country, Woods said at the CERAWeek energy conference in Houston. The plan involves 11 projects in the Gulf Coast region, some of which were in the works as far back as 2013. "These projects are export machines, generating products that high-growth nations need to support larger populations with higher standards of living," Woods said. "The supply is here; the demand is there. We want to keep connecting those dots." Exxon followed other US giants such as Ford Motor, Intel, General Motors and Wal-Mart Stores responding to Trump's call to eschew overseas investments and focus on domestic developments. Like those other plans, Exxon didn't specify how much of the 10-year investment programme was previously announced. All the jobs will be located along the Gulf Coast, and many will pay an average of US$100,000 a year, Woods said. The investments will continue at least through 2022, Woods said in only his second public appearance since January, when he succeeded Rex Tillerson, who left the CEO job to become Trump's secretary of state. Woods' comments followed Exxon's disclosure last week that it's shifting half its worldwide drilling budget to US shale fields next year. One of the projects includes the construction of an ethane cracker at Exxon's Baytown, Texas, chemical complex that began in June 2014 and was projected to employ 10,000 construction workers and spur 4,000 additional full-time positions. Another was the expansion of Exxon's Mont Belvieu, Texas, polyethylene plant, where work began around the same time. The company didn't say how much the investments would cost. "This is exactly the kind of investment, economic development and job creation that will help put Americans back to work," Trump said in a statement. "Many of the products that will be manufactured here in the United States by American workers will be exported to other countries, improving our balance of trade." Like Exxon bosses before him, in his remarks on Monday Woods championed "free and fair trade" as essential for economic growth and corporate profitability. That stance may veer from Trump's repeated criticisms of various international trade deals, including the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, as unfair and disadvantageous to US workers. Woods, a 52-year-old Exxon lifer, inherited a company hobbled by the biggest reserves reduction in its modern history and the loss of the platinum credit rating it held for 85 years as a 2 1/2-year collapse in crude markets destroyed cash flow. The expansion programme, dubbed "Growing the Gulf" by Exxon, hews close to Woods' pedigree as a quintessential downstream executive, or one who focused on refineries and chemicals for most of his career. Woods' comments at CERAWeek may presage major themes up for debate at the oil industry's biggest annual conference. He was preceded at the conclave by Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak; luminaries yet to appear during the week-long conference include Saudi Oil Minister Khalid Al-Falih, Opec secretary general Mohammad Barkindo, and the CEOs of Royal Dutch Shell, Chevron, Total and BP. Topics:  OIL AND GAS SECTOR DONALD TRUMP EMPLOYMENT/UNEMPLOYMENT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4hqP Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content ppr1_300x200.jpg Paya Lebar: past, present, future sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium cc_a125543_2017feb20_300x200_article1.jpg Kia Niro: The hybrid car to look out for in 2017 Shopping Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Get $10 coupon + 20X Rewards with Citi Rewards Card Get Your iPhone & Accessories at Attractive Prices Power Up Your Luck with These Accessories Today! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Features March 6, 2017 7:10 pm Updated: March 6, 2017 7:42 pm Alberta family honours grandmother with random acts of kindness: ‘spoil your favourite little people’ By Caley Ramsay Online Journalist  Global News WATCH ABOVE: A family trying to keep their Nan's memory alive is spreading her generosity through random acts of kindness to other Alberta families. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A random act of kindness, meant to honour a grandmother who passed away two years ago, helped make the day of a central Alberta man and his daughter over the weekend. Robin Folkins and his 11-year-old daughter, Rory, were heading home to Provost from Vermilion Sunday when they decided to pop into the Walmart in Wainwright. Rory had some leftover Christmas money and wanted to pick out a new toy. Story continues below Related Random act of kindness inspires Halifax man to encourage others to be kind Couple shovels out cars in random act of kindness Winnipeg sisters inspiring random acts of kindness by paying it forward When they got to the toy aisle, Rory noticed an envelope taped to one of the shelves. Written on the outside in big, black letters were the words “please take me.” Curious, Rory took the envelope to her dad. Inside the envelope he found a card with a woman’s picture on it. There was a short message written inside, along with $40. “Today is the day we lost our nan two years ago,” read the note. “We want to do a few good deeds in her memory. Our nan was a very special person, always willing to help out in any way. My nan’s favourite people in her life were the little people in her life. She had six grandkids, two sons, tons of nieces/nephews. She also fostered many kids through the years. “Take this money and spoil your favourite little people today!” So Folkins did just that. “My daughter, she’s 11 years old, and any little girl likes to spend money if they can. She was really excited. She was super excited and… I was kind of shocked. You don’t see this happen very often. I’ve never seen it happen myself,” Folkins said Monday. The outside of a card left at the Wainwright Walmart over the weekend, which helped make the day of a central Alberta father and his daughter. Courtesy, Robin Folkins A random note left at the Wainwright Walmart over the weekend helped make the day of a central Alberta father and his daughter. Courtesy, Robin Folkins READ MORE: ‘I noticed you left your lights on’: Edmonton Good Samaritan’s note goes viral After picking out a few toys, the pair had a bit of money left, so they decided to head to A&W for root beer floats. Folkins was extremely appreciative of the kind gesture and the fact he was able to share the special experience with his daughter. “You hear about people buying coffee at Tim Hortons for people behind them but something like this is quite different and she was just so excited about it,” Folkins said of his daughter. “She was absolutely thrilled that she got to be a part of something so special.” Rory with one of the toys she bought using the money inside the random act of kindness envelope. Courtesy, Robin Folkins “It was really nice because so often it’s just routine going from this to that or off to school. But to take the opportunity to say, ‘you know, somebody has gone to the effort, we actually are a part of this, so let’s do exactly what they want because that’s their wish. That’s how they want to remember their grandmother. So let’s respect that wish and enjoy ourselves.'” READ MORE: When was the last time you did a random act of kindness? When he got home, Folkins took to Facebook to share his experience in hopes the woman’s family would see his post and know the experience meant a lot to him and his daughter. “I just really want to let this family know that this has been found and what they asked has actually happened,” he said. “It’s such a special way to remember somebody who obviously meant so much to them. I think everybody’s lost somebody in their life but this is a pretty unique and special way to remember them.” READ MORE: Montreal mother gives away 2 Ariana Grande concert tickets in random act of kindness Folkins has learned who the woman was but hasn’t been in contact with any of her family. He has also learned similar notes were left at other Wainwright locations – one at the Tim Hortons and another at the Boston Pizza. Wainwright is located approximately 200 kilometres southeast of Edmonton. Follow @CaleyRamsay © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Alberta family Alberta grandmother Provost Random Act Of Kindness RAOK Vermilion Wainwright Walmart Editor's Picks Health Why are colon cancer rates in Gen Xers and millennials in Canada rising? Canada Reality check: Canada's economic growth lower than it looks World Canada braces for spring surge of asylum seekers Tech What you need to know about 'Cloudbleed,' the latest internet security bug Tech Who is responsible when a self-driving car crashes? Insurance companies aren't sure yet Asylum By boat, taxi and on foot, latest asylum seeker into Manitoba describes long journey Canada Oil will help Alberta's economy lead Canada in 2017. But that won't translate into more jobs FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now US Park Service photos challenge Donald Trump on inauguration crowd size 5092 Canadian tax deadline: 9 things you need to know 4877 Montreal woman denied entry to U.S., told she needs immigration visa 4707 Bill Paxton's official cause of death revealed 2689 97-year-old twin sisters freeze to death after falling just steps from Rhode Island home 1966 Sponsored content Popular Videos Calgary couple turned away from U.S. for pardoned criminal record WATCH NOW Remarkable Canadian invention helps physically challenged WATCH NOW 3 Alberta families issue warning to people buying puppies online WATCH NOW Man alleges he was mistreated by security at West Edmonton Mall WATCH NOW Denied access to US because of pot past WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
News New Music Culture Features Lists The Archives Share < br />this article: News \ Travis Scott Announces Bird’s Eye View Spring Tour Brian Josephs // March 6, 2017 Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images After spending the past few months falling through stages and cursing out security guards in autotune, Kanye West co-signed rapscallion Travis Scott has announced the Bird’s Eye View tour. After revealing the poster over the weekend, Scott shared over 30 dates—including shows at Coachella and Bonnaroo. No guest artists have been announced yet. Scott has also said that he’s planning on releasing another album, Astroworld, later this year. Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight, his sophomore effort, dropped last September. Check out the tour dates below. Bird’s Eye View tour dates: March 10 — New Orleans, LA @ Buku March 17 — Las Vegas, NV @ Jewel April 12 — Santa Barbara, CA @ Santa Barbara Bowl April 14 & 21 — Indio, CA — Coachella April 27 — Wallingford, CT @ Oakdale April 30 — New York, NY @ Terminal 5 May 2 — Pittsburgh, PA @ Stage AE May 4 — Portsmouth, VA @ Portsmouth Pavillion May 5 — Charlotte, NC @ Metro Credit Union May 6 – St. Augustine, FL @ St. Augustine Amphitheatre May 7 — Miami, FL @ Rolling Loud May 11 — Houston, TX @ Revention May 12 – Oklahoma City, [email protected] May 13 – Rogers, AK @ Walmart Amphitheatre May 15 — Kansas City, MO @ Uptown Theater May 17 — St. Lous, [email protected] May 18 — Milwaukee, WI. @ The Eagles Ballroom May 19 — Grand Rapids, MI @ 20 Monroe Live May 21 — Cleveland, OH @ Nautica May 24 — Indianapolis, [email protected] Bureau May 25 — Cincinnati, OH @ PNC Pavillion May 27 — Des Moines, IA @ 7 Flags May 28 — St. Paul, MN @ Soundset May 31 — Salt Lake City, UT @ The Complex June 1 — Boise, ID @ Revolution Center June 2 – Eugeune, [email protected] Amphitheatre June 8-11 – Manchester, TN @ Bonnaroo June 25 – Frankfurt, Germany @ Wireless July 6-8 – Frauenfeld, Germany @ Openair Frauenfeld July 7 – Berlin, Germany @ Splash! July 9 – Turku, Finland @ Ruisrock Monday We livhttps://t.co/1X8uAoss8E pic.twitter.com/eVdg6RldhZ — TRAVIS SCOTT (@trvisXX) March 5, 2017 BIRDS EYE TOUR PHASE 1 https://t.co/evVa2vUr9M — TRAVIS SCOTT (@trvisXX) March 6, 2017 Brian Josephs @Bklyn_Rock Tags: Travis Scott 0 Recommended for you \ New Video: Lil Uzi Vert, Quavo & Travis Scott’s The Fate of the Furious Anthem “Go Off” Travis Scott Fell Through a Hole in Drake’s Stage Last Night New Video: Travis Scott – “biebs in the trap” Travis Scott Cussed Somebody Out in Autotune The 101 Best Songs of 2016 Watch Travis Scott Perform Two Songs Next to a Giant Robot Bird on Colbert Reviews \ Read More » Review: Arcade Fire – Neon Bible Review: Xiu Xiu’s FORGET Finds New Territory Through Collaboration Review: Kingdom’s Tears in the Club Is an Uneven Release From a Brilliant Producer Review: On Why Love Now, Pissed Jeans Explore the Lighter Side of Everyday Agony Bull Sessions. Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know. Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Submit Editor's Picks The 50 Best Albums of 2016 So Far The 100 Greatest David Bowie Moments The 66 Best Songs of 2016 So Far NEWS NEW MUSIC CULTURE FEATURES LISTS THE ARCHIVES CONTACT US SPIN.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. About Spin Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds subscribe Site Archive 'Watch the gas tax and keep expenditures in check:' Staheli gives midyear budget review Tuesday Mar 7, 2017 at 12:01 AM Jessica Weston City Editor Jessica_Weston9 The Ridgecrest City budget is tracking reasonably well with a couple of areas of concern as of the end of December, according to Finance Director Tyrell Staheli. Staheli was on hand to give a midyear budget review at the Ridgecrest City Council meeting March 1. Staheli's budget presentation took place before City Manager and Public Works Director Dennis Speer's budget planning presentation, during which Speer dropped the bombshell that he plans to retire before the end of the year. Speer estimated the cost of replacing himself at $750,000. This number includes two salaries for his positions, plus additional staff salaries and other items. Staheli reported during his presentation that overall things were looking good, with the gas tax needing special attention. “We really need to watch the gas tax,” Staheli said during his summary, in order stay within budget. “Revenues are unfavorable in the gas tax due to [tax allocation bond] funds,” he said. Staheli said that $1.2 million that was allocated to micro-paving during the budget process will have to be mostly reassigned for street maintenance. In addition, Staheli reported that “we are still going to spend about $800,000 more than we bring in this year in one time costs as well as some of the added litigation costs and negotiation costs we've had.” He also said that “revenue is trending upward, which is good. We just have to make sure we keep our expenditures in check as well.” Compared to the previous year, Staheli said that revenues for the general fund are at 39 percent as opposed to 35 percent last year.Expenditures, meanwhile, show a slight increase over the previous year of 43 percent as opposed to 41 percent. Staheli also reported a slight increase in taxable sales.  “We have spent 43 percent of our budget through Dec.,” Staheli said. “Licenses and permits were lower this year than last year for one main reason, last year we received the Walmart permit of $340,000,” he said. Mayor Peggy Breeden, Mayor Pro Tempore Michael Mower and Council member Lindsey Stephens all asked specific questions about Staheli's accounting notations. Mower pointed out an error, which Staheli explained as a failure to add encumbrances in. Breeden asked for clarification of some descriptive terms. “So the favorable variance [in the Expenditure Overview] is really only favorable because those things [expenditures] were deferred,” she said. “So it gives us a slightly skewed view of what's happening with the items that were deferred,” she said. She asked for more information. “Were the 2017 budget numbers the ones that were set with the actual budget or have we adjusted those numbers at all?” Stephens asked. Staheli replied that the “2017 budget here is what was approved by council.” He added that there has been an $85,000 increase to the city attorney's budget, which currently totals $185,000 and may be due for yet another adjustment. Stan Rajtora spoke up at the end, asking for a year end estimate as was provided in the past. Staheli seemed to think this could be feasible. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services E-Edition Place Classified Ad RSS Feeds Contact Us Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special 2017 How To Guide 2017 IWVEOC Program Jan 2017 East Kern 2017 Baby Keepsake Remembering Pearl Harbor Tab Pearl Harbor - Local Small Business Saturday Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Keepsake 2016 Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV 2016 Explorer Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 High Desert Medical Directory More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team CrunchBoardPut Your Job In Front Of 14M TechCrunch Readers Post Your Job Today Safaricom 2016 Africa roundup: drone delivery, VC, unicorns, exits and Zuck Africa Roundup: Zuckerberg’s visit, IBM’s new research center Responding to the demand for reliable data collection in Africa, mSurvey raises seed funding Browse more... mSurvey Responding to the demand for reliable data collection in Africa, mSurvey raises seed funding Browse more... kenya Africa Roundup: Zuckerberg’s visit, IBM’s new research center Mark Zuckerberg’s Africa tour tracks tech’s growing interests on the continent Responding to the demand for reliable data collection in Africa, mSurvey raises seed funding Browse more... ceo Crunch Report | YouTube TV Is Live UK’s long-delayed digital strategy looks to AI but is locked to Brexit The inside story of the rise and rise of Uber Browse more... africa Facebook digs into mobile infrastructure in Uganda, TIP aims $170M to startups WaystoCap is bringing Africa’s cross-border trade into the digital era No cobalt, no Tesla? Browse more... Crunch Network Safaricom and mSurvey launch Consumer Wallet to map Africa’s cash economy Posted 2 hours ago by Jake Bright (@JakeRBright) 0 SHARES Next Story The Sonos Playbase sits comfortably under your TV Jake Bright Crunch Network Contributor Jake Bright is a writer and author in New York City. He is co-author of The Next Africa. More posts by this contributor: Kenya’s leading mobile provider, Safaricom, is teaming up with data collection startup, mSurvey, to launch Consumer Wallet―an online platform using mobile and SMS to map Africa’s cash-based economy. A beta version of the product goes live in Kenya this month. Safaricom and mSurvey are testing the app with potential clients and corporate partners, including McKinsey Consulting, mSurvey CEO Kenfield Griffith told TechCrunch. Consumer Wallet will be available on a subscription and license basis as early as August 2017. “We are refining the product with a group of potential clients to design the pricing model,” said Griffith. “We are scaling it along Kenya, but also looking beyond because we are not just solving a Kenyan problem, we are solving an African problem.” Griffith was referring to the challenge many business face of quantifying consumer spending habits and trends on the continent, where over 50 percent of economic activity and employment occurs in informal sectors, according to the African Development Bank. Based in Kenya and operating since 2012, mSurvey harnesses Africa’s shift to digital to better track consumer preferences. The startup employs mobile phone based surveys to gather data on various topics and market segments. mSurvey has received seed and venture funds  from backers including Cross Culture Ventures and Alpha Angels. It also counts Safaricom’s Spark Venture Fund as an investor. The Consumer Wallet partnership pairs mSurvey’s data research function to Safaricom’s internal resources and distribution network. Safaricom is Kenya’s largest telco, with 25 million (65 percent) of the country’s mobile subscribers. In addition to its M-Pesa mobile money product―used by 16.6 million Kenyans through a 100,744 agent network―the company has been adding consumer and small business based products to its mobile network. These include digital TV, the M-Kopa solar powered lighting kit, Lipa-Na bill pay service, and Little ride-hail app, which is now going head to head with Uber. For the Consumer Wallet beta test, mSurvey will use daily SMS and text messages to track the cash-based spending of a 1000 person sample drawn from Safaricom mobile subscribers. This will feed into the Consumer Wallet database tracking preferences and expenditures on items such as food, transport, education, and housing. The Consumer Wallet launch follows a trend of consumer research in Africa becoming a formalized sector. A decade of growth and reform in many of the continent’s core economies along with expansion in retail sectors has driven demand for more detailed customer data. Several global consumer-focused companies have expanded in Africa over the last decade, from Wal-Mart in 2011 to Netflix and e-Bay in 2016. Big global research firms such as Nielsen and Euromonitor have been upping their African consumer research offerings. An American company, GeoPoll, has also built out a digital survey service and database in 20 African countries. mSurvey expanded its core consumer research platform into South Africa in 2016 and is looking at moving into countries such as Zambia, Ghana, and Nigeria, according to CEO Kenfield Griffith. Though neither would name countries, both mSurvey and Safaricom plan to take the new Consumer Wallet beyond test market Kenya to other nations on the continent. “To invest in Africa, you have to understand its consumers,” said Safaricom CEO Bob Collymore on the value of the new platform to businesses looking to tap the continent’s cash-based economy. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Jay Z Has Arrived | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Safaricom mSurvey kenya ceo africa Popular Posts Featured Stories Jay Z Has Arrived | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:21 | Crunch Report Amazon’s AWS buys Thinkbox Software, maker of tools for creative professionals 11 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Should Snap buy Twitter? 12 hours ago | Alex Wilhelm, Jonathan Shieber Justin Kan launches his own startup incubator program called Zero-F 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Snap tumbles 12% on day three, erases gains 12 hours ago | Katie Roof Latest From TechCrunch Land Rover’s new Discovery search and rescue SUV has a roof-mounted drone 1 minute ago | Darrell Etherington How the M14 Industries Dragons’ Den deal collapsed 17 minutes ago | Steve O'Hear Samsung Pay is now live in India 34 minutes ago | Jon Russell The Sonos Playbase sits comfortably under your TV 4 hours ago | John Biggs Comment moderation powered by Up Next The Sonos Playbase sits comfortably under your TV Posted 4 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Mobile User Experience Designer (UX) - TrainingPeaks at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) Director of Community & Business Development (YC-backed) at Paragon One (New York, NY, United States) Lead Web Developer @ Numerai at Numerai (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer- Fullstack/Backend @ Sift Science at Sift Science (San Francisco, CA, United States) SysAdmin DevOps at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Land Rover’s new Discovery search and rescue SUV has a roof-mounted drone 1 minute ago by Darrell Etherington How the M14 Industries Dragons’ Den deal collapsed 17 minutes ago by Steve O'Hear Samsung Pay is now live in India 34 minutes ago by Jon Russell Safaricom and mSurvey launch Consumer Wallet to map Africa’s cash economy 2 hours ago by Jake Bright The Sonos Playbase sits comfortably under your TV 4 hours ago by John Biggs Crunch Report | Jay Z Has Arrived 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Uber agreed to, then scrapped, a non-compete deal with Indonesian unicorn Go-Jek 5 hours ago by Jon Russell Twitch introduces Pulse, its very own gamer news feed 7 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Tech takes a softer initial stance on Trump’s latest executive order 8 hours ago by Kate Conger With tech ready to go to bat, Supreme Court puts off transgender rights case 9 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion State Michigan toymaker pledged it never would go to China CNN Published on March 7, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print American Plastic Toys is a manufacturing anomaly. Nearly 90 percent of all toys sold in America are made in China. But for the last 55 years, American Plastic Toys has been making toys in Walled Lake, Mich., a bucolic lakeside city 32 miles northwest of Detroit. “We’ve been in business since 1962 and have never considered offshoring to China,” John Gessert, president and chief executive of the company, told CNNMoney.   The company stuck to that pledge, even as most of the nation’s toy industry shifted production overseas in the 1980s to cut costs. “It’s a lot easier to run a toy factory in China where requirements like employee protections don’t exist,” Mr. Gessert said. Keeping production at home allowed American Plastic Toys to maintain continuous oversight of quality and integrity, he explained. When the company thought about sending its product molds overseas, they feared they would lose control of the designs and risk intellectual property loss if they didn’t get the molds back. So American Plastic Toys stayed American. The company employs 300 workers across five facilities in Michigan and Mississippi, and its factories run on a 24-hour weekday schedule. The company makes more than 300 different toys for toddlers and preschoolers: plastic pail-and-shovel sets, cars, trucks, play kitchens, dollhouses, wagons, and toy strollers. They’re sold in stores such as Walmart and Walgreens. All of the plastic is bought domestically, said Mr. Gessert, and only 10 percent of toys include imported parts. The toys’ prices start at $2 and cap at $100. The company is profitable, though Mr. Gessert declined to share financial information. In Walled Lake, a city of about 7,000, American Plastic Toys is a source of pride and a symbol of resilience. The 280,000 square-foot plant is the largest building in the small community. Not offshoring has helped ensure longevity, Mr. Gessert said, as American Plastic Toys can “control the production process from start to finish.” Related Items manufacturing , michigan Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Search About Us Advertise Connect with Us facebook Menu News Weather People Celebrations Best of Hoover 2017 Nominations Schools Elementary/Intermediate Schools Middle Schools High Schools Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants 2015 Women of Hoover 2016 Women of Hoover Women in Business 2017 Opinion Mayor's Minute Kari Kampakis Rick Watson Editor's Perspective Events Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather Home News Hoover council approves $151 million budget for 2017 after a few changes Hoover council approves $151 million budget for 2017 after a few changes by Jon Anderson March 6, 2017 10:01 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print The Hoover City Council tonight approved a $151.3 million budget for fiscal 2017 after making eight changes recommended by the mayor and council. Most of the night’s budget discussions centered on cuts in overtime, the salary of Municipal Judge Brad Bishop and the mayor’s recommendation to hire a public relations company to develop a marketing and social media strategy for the city. Councilman John Lyda asked numerous questions about the recommendation to cut overtime costs, particularly in the Police Department. He said there were significant cuts in overtime for “real hours worked by real employees.” He asked if department heads were informed about the change in money budgeted for overtime and had a chance to explain their overtime expenses. Hoover Executive Director Allan Rice said that, due to time constraints in getting a budget developed following the election of a new mayor, not all department heads were given that opportunity. However, in initial discussions, they were given a chance to outline their budget priorities, Rice said. Rice said department heads would have discretion about how best to cut overtime within their departments and people shouldn’t have to worry about the city not providing officers to work school events. Mayor Frank Brocato said at the council’s work session on March 2 the city’s not going to come this far in its relationship with the school system only to pull funding for school resource officers. Councilman Curt Posey said that when he thinks about police overtime, he thinks about managing traffic around the Riverchase Galleria during peak shopping periods. “We’ve been doing this a long time and we have a pretty good idea what it costs,” he said. Rice said there are known overtime costs and unknown costs, and the city has to plan for both. When people putting together the budget eventually asked for an explanation of overtime costs, they were told there was no system for tracking it, Rice said. They have since learned from others that there are ways to track overtime; they just haven’t received those reports yet, he said. It could be later determined that more money is needed for overtime, but “it’s not an open checkbook for any department in the city,” Rice said. “It is a managed process. We’ll meet the needs, but we have to be prudent in how we do it.” Brocato’s budget hopes to cut total overtime expenses for the city from $2.7 million in 2016 to $2.2 million in 2017. Judge's salary debate Brocato’s initial budget recommendation two weeks ago included an increase in salary for the municipal judge from $80,000 to $100,000. Today, after some council members questioned the increase, he presented an amended budget that left the amount at $80,000. Councilman John Lyda suggested a compromise amount of $88,000 a year. Councilman John Greene said Bishop does a fantastic job as municipal judge, but he already is paid more than any municipal judge in the state. He doesn’t consider a pay increase to be an appropriate use of taxpayer dollars, Greene said. Councilman Mike Shaw said that, based on the number of hours Bishop works for Hoover, his pay is less than the pay of judges in cities of comparable or even smaller size. Based on that along with his length of service to the city and the high regard residents have for him, he favored the compromise amount. Court Director Susan Fuqua estimated Bishop works 25-26 hours per week. The council took a separate vote on the judge’s salary and approved the $88,000 amount of a 6-1 vote, with Greene voting against. Public relations firm Lyda also asked why the city needed a marketing and social media consultant. The mayor recommended $54,000 a year to pay The Lollar Group to help develop a marketing and social media strategy for the city and carry it out. Lyda asked if this group had a previous affiliation with the mayor, and Brocato said it was the firm he used for his election campaign. Erin Colbaugh, the city’s events coordinator, needed help with some marketing design work, and he recommended she talk with The Lollar Group and use her own judgment, he said. The group did some free work for the city, and he was impressed with it, Brocato said. Rice said some city departments have a robust presence on social media, but the city as a whole is virtually absent. Brocato said the city needs a more coordinated marketing and social media strategy to get information out to the public in the most efficient way. Rice said the city has a month-to-month relationship with The Lollar Group that can be dropped at any time. Other changes At Lyda’s recommendation, the council also pulled a contribution to Crimestoppers of Metro Alabama for further consideration. Last year, the city gave $25,000, but Brocato recommended cutting that to $10,000, Lyda said. City staff were basing that recommendation on 2013 data, but newer information obtained today shows Crimestoppers deserves $25,000, he said. The mayor recommended several other changes to his original budget, including: Removing $400,000 for construction of a drive-up/walk-up payment kiosk for Hoover Municipal Court Spending $150,000 for a comprehensive staffing review, including pay levels Paying $21,000 to buy a sewer access easement from the Riverchase Country Club Adding back $5,000 the mayor had originally removed from a contribution to the Freshwater Land Trust of Alabama, restoring the total contribution to $20,000 Spending $14,000 for annual maintenance for the full-body security scanning system at the city jail More money for Hoover schools The $151.3 million budget for fiscal 2017 doubled the amount the city is giving the Hoover Board of Education from $2.5 million to $5 million, fulfilling a campaign promise by the mayor and many councilmen. The 2017 budget is a 2.2 percent increase from the original $148 million budget approved for fiscal 2016. The mayor proposes to spend $112 million from the city’s general fund, which is a 12 percent increase from the original 2016 general fund budget of $100 million. However, 2016 general fund revenues came in more than $5 million higher than anticipated at a record $111.4 million, and the city expects to rake in $112.3 million to the general fund in 2017. The budget includes $13.3 million in capital projects, including $3.2 million for a new sidewalk on John Hawkins Parkway between U.S. 31 and the Walmart Supercenter, $3 million for road paving, $2.6 million for renovations and repairs at the Municipal Center, $951,000 to replace an analog dispatch communications system with a digital system and $550,000 for other sidewalk projects. The capital budget also includes $2.1 million for 23 vehicles, mostly replacements, including a new aerial ladder truck and hazardous materials unit for the Fire Department. About 54 percent of the $112 million general fund budget — $61 million — is set to go toward personnel. The 2017 budget includes four new positions: an economic developer, an automotive mechanic and two part-time reserve school resource officers. The four positions together would cost the city $278,476 for salaries and benefits. That also would give the city 653 full-time employees, 105 part-time employees and 39 temporary employees. Personnel expenses under the mayor’s budget would increase by about $3.6 million, including a $2.3 million increase in health care expenses and $900,000 in step pay increases. About 57 percent of the city’s personnel costs go to pay for the police and fire departments. The city’s debt service payments go up to $13.3 million in 2017, an increase of $4.3 million from 2016. That’s due to the $68 million bond issue the previous City Council approved for the new sports complex next to Hoover Metropolitan Stadium. Debt payments are expected to fall to $12.8 million in 2018 and $6.5 million in 2023. Tags overtime 2017 budget Crimestoppers of Metro Alabama City of Hoover Brad Bishop Hoover City Council The Lollar Group newsletter 1 by Jon Anderson March 6, 2017 10:01 PM View Past Issues Upcoming Events Alabama History from the Words of Alabama Authors Mar 7, 2017 - Mar 28, 2017 Vestavia Hills Civic Center 4 Week Hand Building Class with Lana Hobbs Mar 7, 2017 - Mar 28, 2017 Artists on the Bluff American Policies on Economics, Tax and Budget, and Social Welfare Mar 6, 2017 - Mar 26, 2017 Levite Jewish Community Center HOOVER SERVICE CLUB MONTHLY MEETING Mar 9, 2017 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM Hoover Country Club Snoezelen Room Open House Mar 9, 2017 5:00 PM Country Cottages Laura Story Mar 9, 2017 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM Shades Mountain Baptist Church Grammy, Billboard and Dove Award Winner Laura Story in Concert Mar 9, 2017 7:00 PM - 8:30 PM Shades Mountain Baptist Church Elections: Making Sense of It All Mar 10, 2017 1:00 PM - 2:30 PM Homewood Public Library John Pizzarelli Mar 11, 2017 8:00 PM - 10:00 PM Alys Stephens Center 6 week Pottery Wheel Class Mar 2, 2017 - Apr 6, 2017 Artists on the Bluff Submit Yours News Weather People Celebrations Best of Hoover 2017 Nominations Schools Elementary/Intermediate Schools Middle Schools High Schools Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants 2015 Women of Hoover 2016 Women of Hoover Women in Business 2017 Opinion Mayor's Minute Kari Kampakis Rick Watson Editor's Perspective Events Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather About Us Advertise Hoover Sun LLC Built with Metro Publisher™  
We notice that your web browser is out-of-date. For the best experience on AXS.com please consider upgrading to one of the following: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Safari Opera [Upgraded] Internet Explorer If you are still having issues, please contact support at support@axs.com. Hello! We see your preferred language is English (United States), would you like to stay on English (United States) or switch to English (United States)? Dismiss We have made changes to our Privacy Policy. To read the updated Privacy Policy, please click here. Sign in Sign in Create an Account Headlines Music Arts & Family Sports Los Angeles , CA Travis Scott to launch Bird's Eye View tour at Santa Barbara Bowl on April 12 By: Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Mar 7, 2017 9 hours ago 9 9 16541761 6 y2017m03d07 115711 Behold Travis Scott's amazing tour poster  Instagram Fans of Travis Scott can expect a Bird’s Eye View of the singer and rapper on his upcoming tour. On Monday, Scott announced what he called “Pt.1” of the Bird’s Eye View tour in support of his chart-topping album Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight. The 25-city tour kicks off on April 12 with a performance at the Santa Barbara Bowl, before Scott heads further south along the California coast for the two weekends of Coachella. The tour picks up again on April 27 with a show in Wallingford, CT before wrapping up with a performance at Bonnaroo on June 11. Check out the full list of his upcoming dates below. Scott came into his own both creatively and commercially on his sophomore studio album. Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight debuted atop the Billboard 200 Album Chart upon its release last September and the album featured collaborations with some of the biggest names in hip-hop and R&B, including Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd and Andre 3000. Tickets for the Bird’s Eye View tour go on sale this Friday, March 10, but fans can access advance tickets to select dates by using the presale code Scott helpfully tweeted out. Get your tickets to the Santa Barbara Bowl tour launch by clicking here and keep it on AXS.com for more on Scott’s big summer tour. Travis Scott - Bird’s Eye View Tour Wed. April 12 - Santa Barbara, CA - Santa Barbara Bowl (Click here for tickets) Fri. April 14 - Indio, CA - Coachella Fri. April 21 - Indio, CA - Coachella Thurs. April 27 - Wallingford, CT - Oakdale Sun. Apr 30 - New York City, NY - Terminal 5 (Click here for tickets) Tue. May 2 - Pittsburgh, PA - Stage AE Wed. May 4 - Portsmouth, VA - Portsmouth Pavillion Fri. May 5  - Charlotte, NC - Metro Credit Union Amphitheatre Sat. May 6 - St. Augustine, FL - St. Augustine Amphitheatre Sun. May 7 - Miami, FL - Rolling Loud Festival Thurs. May 11 – Houston, TX - Revention Music Center Fri. May 12 – Oklahoma City, OK - The Criterion Sat. May 13 – Rogers, AR - Walmart Amphitheatre Mon. May 15 – Kansas City, MO - Uptown Theatre Wed. May 17 - St. Louis, MO - The Pageant Thurs. May 18 - Milwaukee, WI - Eagles Ballroom Fri. May 19 – Grand Rapids, MI - 20 Monroe Live Sun. May 21 – Cleveland, OH - Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica Wed. May 24 – Indianapolis, IN - Farm Bureau Lawn at White River State Park Thurs. May 25 – Cincinnati, OH - PNC Pavilion at Riverbed Music Center Sat. May 27 - Des Moines, IA - 7 Flags Sun. May 28 - St. Paul, MN - Soundset Festival Wed. May 31 - Salt Lake City, UT - The Complex Thurs. June 1 - Boise, ID - Revolution Concert House and Event Center Fri. June 2 - Eugene, OR - Cuthbert Amphitheatre Sun. June 11 - Manchester, TN - Bonnaroo By: Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Mar 7, 2017 Added 9 hours ago Sponsor Share This: In this article Topics: hip hop Travis Scott Santa Barbara Bowl tour announcement Artists: Travis Scott Venues: Santa Barbara Bowl Featured Event Sponsor Related Events Share This Article Travis Scott to launch Bird's Eye View tour at Santa Barbara Bowl on April 12 By: Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Mar 7, 2017 9 hours ago From: Send to: Add a personal message: Send Privacy Policy Share this article Travis Scott to launch Bird's Eye View tour at Santa Barbara Bowl on April 12 By: Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Mar 7, 2017 9 hours ago Email Sent! Send another?Close Follow us on Browse by Cities Festivals Featured Events Arts & Family Music Sports AXS Corporate About AEG Careers at AXS Arenas Convention Centers Entertainment Districts Stadiums Theaters/Clubs Advertise Sell with AXS AXS.com Info Features Contact Us Cookies Feedback Help Refund Policy Shipping Policy Tickets by Phone RSS Language Hey! (United States) Hello! (United Kingdom) Hallå! (Sverige) AXS is Proudly Partnered with Purchase Agreement Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2011-2016 AXS. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy The AXS Cookie Policy This website, like most others, uses cookies in order to give you a great online experience. By continuing to use our website you accept to our use of cookies. Alternatively, you can find out more about cookies and how to change your cookie preferences. Continue and Accept Welcome! Los Angeles , CA Sign in / Sign Up HEADLINES headlines Latest On AXS Music Sports Arts & Family Music Comedy AXS Buzz Rock pop concerts Justin Bieber Denver National Los Angeles new york Las Vegas Adele Dallas Just Announced MUSIC Music Categories View All Music Alternative / Punk Christian Classical Country Dance / Electronic Festivals Folk / Acoustic Hard Rock / Metal Hip Hop / Rap Indie / Emo International Jazz / Blues Latin Other Pop R&B Reggae Rock SPORTS Sports Categories View All Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Competitions Cycling Extreme Sports Festivals Football Hockey Mixed Martial Arts Motorsports Other Sports Rugby Soccer Tennis WWE / WWF ARTS & FAMILY Arts & Family Categories View All Arts & Family Circus Comedy Expo/Convention Fairs and Festivals Family Events Lectures and Seminars Museums and Exhibits Opera Other Theater More More Browse by Cities Festivals Featured Events Arts & Family Music Sports AXS Corporate About AEG Careers at AXS Arenas Convention Centers Entertainment Districts Stadiums Theaters/Clubs Advertise Sell with AXS AXS.com Info Features Contact Us Cookies Feedback Help Privacy Policy Purchase Agreement Refund Policy Shipping Policy Terms of Use Tickets by Phone RSS Language Hey! (United States) Hello! (United Kingdom) Hallå! (Sverige) AXS is Proudly Partnered with © 2011-2016 AXS. All rights reserved. Help Follow us on Welcome, please create an account. Save your billing info and buy tickets faster. View your purchase history. Sign up with AXS.com with your Facebook account Sign up with Facebook By signing up with your Facebook account, you'll get the most personalized event recommendations possible. Don't worry, it's secure and we'll never post anything without your approval or Have an account? Sign in Create an AXS.com account Enter your first name: Enter your last name: Enter your Zip/Postal code: Enter your email Address: Confirm your email Address: Enter your password: Confirm your password: By checking this box, you consent to receive personalized marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive. Next By clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions. By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive. Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event. Privacy Policy Welcome back, please sign in. Sign in to AXS.com with your Facebook account Sign in with Facebook By signing in with your Facebook account, you'll get the most personalized event recommendations possible. Don't worry, it's secure and we'll never post anything without your approval or Sign in with an AXS.com account. Enter your email Enter your password Forgot your password? New to AXS? Create an account Remember me for the next 30 days Sign in Privacy Policy Sign up for our weekly event guide email. Be the first to know. Get personalized event announcements, updates, and reviews every week with the AXS.com event guide email. Send Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up for the event guide! Welcome, please create an account. Have an account? Sign in Create an AXS.com account E-mail address is required to create an account. Next By clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions. Privacy Policy Close Search Search Results Search History Clear History Yes, clear my search history. Cancel Search History Clear History Yes, clear my search history. Cancel You haven't searched for anything yet. Go on, get out there! There are no suggested results at this time. Please try again. Close Change Location Search Results Change your location Change your location by entering a City, Zip or Postal Code There are no suggested results at this time. Please try again. Close Music Categories View All Alternative / Punk Christian Classical Country Dance / Electronic Festivals Folk / Acoustic Hard Rock / Metal Hip Hop / Rap Indie / Emo International Jazz / Blues Latin Other Pop R&B Reggae Rock View All Music Headlines View More NEW! The complete guide to L Festival 2017 By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Chris Hardwick announces ID10T Music Festival & Comic Conival By Sari Cohen AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! National guide to St. Patrick's Day 2017 By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 11 hours ago NEW! Frank Sinatra TV shows with Elvis, others to be reissued By Steve Marinucci AXS Contributor 15 hours ago New York Metro Fest keeps Beatles fans busy By Steve Marinucci AXS Contributor 1 day ago Wink Martindale & Tom Brown discuss inaugural Nashville Elvis Festival By James Wood AXS Contributor 2 days ago Previously unseen Paul McCartney 'Flowers in the Dirt' photos from video shoot released for first time By Steve Marinucci AXS Contributor 2 days ago Live Review: Molly Burch celebrates her debut release with concert at Brooklyn’s Union Pool By Tom Shackleford AXS Contributor 2 days ago Tributes to Led Zeppelin and The Beatles highlight New Season of AXS TV's 'The World's Greatest Tribute Bands' By James Wood AXS Contributor 3 days ago SoMo to reveal 'The Answers' on new album and tour By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor 3 days ago Wavves announce 'You're Welcome' and spring tour By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor 4 days ago Cold War Kids release video for new song 'Can We Hang On?' By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor 4 days ago Sheryl Crow announces new album 'Be Myself' & headlining tour dates for 2017 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor 4 days ago Cage the Elephant announce dates for Live & Peeled: The Acoustic Tour By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor 4 days ago Interview: AXS TV's Evan Haiman discusses New Season of 'Rock & Roll Road Trip With Sammy Hagar Presented by Mercury Insurance' By James Wood AXS Contributor 4 days ago Nine Inch Nails are sending out packages with black powder to fans By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 4 days ago Watch Jimmy Fallon have a dance battle with Jennifer Lopez on 'The Tonight Show' By Tom Shackleford AXS Contributor 4 days ago Interview with Scott Kettner of Nation Beat By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor 5 days ago Dave Mustaine shares details on Megadeth's Boot Camp fan experience By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 5 days ago Interview: Brantley Gilbert talks touring, songwriting and 'The Devil Don't Sleep' By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor 5 days ago View More Close Sports Categories View All Baseball Basketball Boxing Competitions Cycling Extreme Sports Festivals Football Hockey Mixed Martial Arts Motorsports Other Sports Rugby Soccer Tennis WWE / WWF View All Sports Headlines View More Keith Berry to compete in Bellator MMA cage for first time in over two years By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 14, 2016 Examining WWE's hottest feuds heading into 2017 By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Two-division WSOF champ David Branch fuels up on bunny meat By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Valerie Letourneau becomes first female in UFC to compete in three different divisions By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Bellator's biggest female star goes bar-hopping in a bunny onesie By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 PGA star Bubba Watson talks Riviera win, Golf Boys reunion ahead of 2017 Genesis Open By Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Dec 9, 2016 8 NFL players that played for both sides of the Raiders-Chiefs rivalry By Sam McPherson AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 New York Mets: Farm system bolstered by addition of manager Luis Rojas By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Should New York Mets explore trade for David Robertson? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Zack Wheeler could factor into New York Mets' bullpen equation By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Who's next for UFC strawweight star 'Rowdy' Bec Rawlings? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 WWE Roadblock preview: Iron Man match highlights stacked fight card By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 MMA Hour producer makes brilliant Conor McGregor analogy By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 WWE TLC 2016: Time for Alexa Bliss to taste championship gold By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 UFC Fight Night 102: JJ Aldrich to make official promotional debut By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 UFC Albany preview: Derrick Lewis gets long-awaited main event opportunity By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Dexter Fowler is a free agent worth pursuing By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Trading Jay Bruce should be a top priority By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Should fans be worried about Asdrubal Cabrera playing in the World Baseball Classic? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 3, 2016 Kedzie, Smith want more diverse representation on MMA Athletes Association Board By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 2, 2016 View More Close Arts & Family Categories View All Circus Comedy Expo/Convention Fairs and Festivals Family Events Lectures and Seminars Museums and Exhibits Opera Other Theater View All Arts & Family Headlines View More Guide to The Village at Pico Rivera Sports Arena for L Festival By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 1 week ago Interview: Artist Spar Street brings his celebrated work to Colorado By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor 3 weeks ago Interview with Art Dealer and Adviser Ann Priftis, representative of both visual and performing artists By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Dec 31, 2016 Interview: Artist Jonathan Brown brings new life to Madison landmark By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Nov 10, 2016 Björk premieres a new VR music video 'Family' By Allen Foster AXS Contributor Oct 25, 2016 Brooklyn's 440 Gallery prepares to host a 'Small Works' exhibit, live music, poetry and theater By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 19, 2016 Sculptor Michael Poast unveils new work 'Baroque Trajectory' in Ohio By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 16, 2016 Artist Bernard Rangel exhibits at the Salon of the Art Shopping in Paris at the Carrousel du Louvre By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 16, 2016 The Drawing Room presents 'Syncretized' art show By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 3, 2016 Emmanuel Fremin Gallery presents artist Hung Yi's ‘Fancy Animal Carnival' By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 30, 2016 Artist Marian Osher presents 'Fearless Flying in 2016!' exhibition starting September 12, 2016 By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 27, 2016 Artist Anne Stanner announces two upcoming shows in New York By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 26, 2016 Gateway Art Center presents 'United Nations of ART' By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 19, 2016 Rachel Tribble inspires universal peace through meditative art By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Aug 8, 2016 Artist Stephanie S. Lee presents 'Back to Circle' solo show By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 1, 2016 Blu Smith and his illuminating abstract series By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Jul 15, 2016 Sotheby's to exhibit, auction David Bowie's art collection By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor Jul 14, 2016 Music and art make a beautiful couple By Jeremy Meyer Jul 11, 2016 Outdoor art events you need to see in Chicago this summer By Megan Horst Hatch AXS Contributor May 31, 2016 Artist Sue Paterson in Los Angeles for U.S. debut, 'Bursting into Life' By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor May 23, 2016 View More Close Headlines Categories Music Comedy AXS Buzz Rock pop concerts Justin Bieber Denver National Los Angeles new york Las Vegas Adele Dallas Just Announced Latest On AXS View More NEW! Photos: Tesla's 30th anniversary celebration a 'hits' with San Antonio fans By Jay Nanda AXS Contributor 6 hours ago NEW! Interview: Mother Mother talk new album, darkness and light By Lindsey Borders AXS Contributor 6 hours ago NEW! Best free family St. Patricks Day events in Minneapolis and St. Paul 2017 By Janelle Sheetz AXS Contributor 6 hours ago NEW! The Internet coming to the Fonda Theater in LA March 19 and 20 By Melanie Moccia AXS Contributor 6 hours ago NEW! Chance The Rapper donating $1 million to Chicago public schools By Nate Todd AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! Review: Deorro brought the funky bass to Los Angeles for a sold out show By Melanie Moccia AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! Girlpool announce spring North American tour By Mario McKellop AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! alt-J announces summer North American tour, new album By Mario McKellop AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! 5 things you didn't know about Allah-Las By Nate Todd AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Poulsbo's Jewel Box Theatre joins South Sound family with 'The Crossing' opening March 17 By Kim Hastings AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Complete guide to the 2017 Pac-12 Men’s Basketball Tournament By Sam McPherson AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Jimmy Buffett is opening Margaritaville retirement communities By Tom Shackleford AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Best free family St. Patricks Day events in Louisville 2017 By Janelle Sheetz AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Toto announces 2017 summer tour of North America By Robert Rheubottom AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Car Seat Headrest to tour North America this spring By Mario McKellop AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! The complete guide to L Festival 2017 By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! Travis Scott to launch Bird's Eye View tour at Santa Barbara Bowl on April 12 By Mark Schiff AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! Chicago Bears five best free agent signings since 2010 By Joe Gunther AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! Prince's former band The Revolution expand spring reunion tour into summer By Mario McKellop AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! St. Patrick’s Day shows and concerts in New Jersey 2017 By Shawn S. Lealos AXS Contributor 9 hours ago View More
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Music * Entertainment * Video * More Tags... Industry News * Entertainment * More Industries... News By Place * New York City   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 YouTube Videos: Beethoven Interview & Tantrum Meme From The Great Kat-Fastest Guitar/Violin Shredder From Upcoming New DVD! Watch outrageous ranting from The Great Kat, Reincarnation of Beethoven, world's fastest guitar/violin shredder and "Top 10 Fastest Shredders of All Time" (Guitar One mag)     YouTube Videos: Beethoven Interview & Tantrum Meme From The Great Kat   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Music • Entertainment • Video Industry: • Entertainment Location: • New York City - New York - USNEW YORK - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- VIDEO: "BEETHOVEN INTERVIEW" with the WORLD'S FASTEST GUITAR/VIOLIN SHREDDER, THE GREAT KAT! On YouTube: https://youtu.be/gOLQybkFlfc VIDEO: THE GREAT KAT "KICK DOWN THE DOOR!" TANTRUM MEME!! On YouTube: https://youtu.be/GGHUXz2Vmcg From Upcoming New DVD! WATCH OUTRAGEOUS RANTING from The Great Kat, REINCARNATION of BEETHOVEN, WORLD'S FASTEST GUITAR/VIOLIN SHREDDER and "TOP 10 FASTEST SHREDDERS OF ALL TIME" (Guitar One Mag), claiming that BEETHOVEN was the FIRST METALHEAD! Features KAT'S HIGH-SPEED Guitar AND Violin shredding music, including BEETHOVEN'S "5th SYMPHONY", "THE FLIGHT OF THE BUMBLE-BEE" and VIVALDI'S "THE FOUR SEASONS"! The Great Kat Web Site: http://www.greatkat.com PRESS/TV/RADIO: Get your FREE CD REVIEW COPY of The Great Kat's "BEETHOVEN SHREDS" CD Featuring Beethoven's "5th Symphony" & To Set up Great Kat Interviews:  contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas PR: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 or Toll Free (US & Canada Only) 800-KAT-8664 http://www.greatkat.com https://youtu.be/GGHUXz2Vmcg PHOTOS: http://www.greatkat.com/08/radio/GreatKatInterviewphone10.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/radio/greatkatdominatrixinterview44logo2.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/radio/GreatKatInterviewphone9logo2.jpg About The Great Kat: Legendary Guitar/Violin Double Virtuoso, The Great Kat http://www.greatkat.com is the world-famous Juilliard graduate Classical Violin Virtuoso/Carnegie Recital Hall Violin Soloist/Winner of "Artists International Competition". The Great Kat performed as a Prodigy Violin Soloist for NYC Mayor Ed Koch at Gracie Mansion and for Coahuila, Mexico Governor Flores Tapia at the Centennial of General Vito Alessio Robles' birth and at the famous Teatro Fernando Soler in Saltillo, Mexico and was awarded the "Certificate of Merit" from New York Governor Mario Cuomo. The Great Kat is now the world's fastest Shred Guitar Virtuoso/"TOP 10 FASTEST SHREDDERS OF ALL TIME" (Guitar One Magazine)/ "FAMOUS JUILLIARD SCHOOL ALUMNI" (Ranker.com)/Reincarnation of Beethoven and the ONLY Guitar-Violin Double Virtuoso since Niccolo Paganini. Timothy Leary, cultural icon collaborated with The Great Kat Violin Virtuoso on the rock song "Right Brain Lover". Retailing giant Tesco is now featuring The Great Kat's virtuoso Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" music in the TV commercial for the popular Activision video game "Call of Duty: Ghosts" http://youtu.be/6tW_ik2J000 . Warner Music Group has just released The Great Kat's legendary "Worship Me Or Die!" and "Beethoven On Speed" Speed Metal Albums as digital downloads on iTunes and more: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 ."Beethoven On Speed" and "Beethoven Shreds" are now featured in "America's Beethoven" Exhibit at the "American Beethoven Society". MVD Entertainment Group is distributing The Great Kat's Albums & Music Videos worldwide http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006. The Great Kat's CDs,DVDs & Downloads are available at Walmart, Amazon, Target, iTunes, Barnes and Noble and more stores worldwide. BBC Radio's "The Arts Hour" features The Great Kat Shredding Beethoven's "5th Symphony" and Interview from "Fast And Furioso" Show (heard on BBC Radio 4). More info: http://www.greatkat.com. Contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas Public Relations, Inc: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 http://www.greatkat.com Links: The Great Kat Website: http://www.greatkat.com iTunes Music: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/great-kat/id384709526 iTunes Video: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/the-great-kat/id368743108 Walmart: https://www.walmart.com/search/?query=%22the%20great%20kat%22 Twitter: http://twitter.com/greatkatguitar and https://twitter.com/greatkatviolin Vimeo: https://vimeo.com/thegreatkat YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/KthomasPR Instagram: http://instagram.com/greatkatguitar Ringtones: http://www.greatkat.com/ringtones/greatkatringtones.html Warner Music: Great Kat's Legendary "WORSHIP ME OR DIE!" & "BEETHOVEN ON SPEED" Albums on Warner Music https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 The Great Kat Albums & Music Videos on MVD Entertainment Group: http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006 End Source : Thomas PR Email : ***@thomas-pr.com Tags : Music, Entertainment, Video Industry : Entertainment Location : New York City - New York - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Thomas Public Relations PRs Happy Birthday Rimsky-Korsakov! Celebrate with Great Kat's Guitar/Violin on Flight of the Bumble-Bee Happy 339th Birthday Vivaldi-Celebrate with Great Kat's Blistering Guitar/Violin on The Four Seasons iTunes Videos & Apple Music Premiere "Terror" New Music Video About 9/11 From The Great Kat! Happy Mardi Gras & Rossini's 225th Birthday! Celebrate with The Great Kat's Insane Music Videos! Just in Time for Mardi Gras – iTunes Videos Premieres Great Kat's Bazzini's Round of the Goblins Trending News Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine North Florida Land Trust urges legislators to do the right thing and properly fund land conservation Income& Named a Finalist in First Annual LendIt Awards One Thousand Dollar Scholarship Available CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® at Philly's Kawaii Kitty Café Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
News News Press Releases News Tips Opinion Guest Columns Submit A Column Letters to The Editor Submit a Letter Arts & Living Reviews Sports Baseball Basketball Club Sports Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Soccer Softball Tennis Volleyball XC/Track & Field Archives Current Issue Classifieds About KSUSM Advertising History 50th Anniversary Press Releases Contact Policies Join March 7th, 2017 News News Press Releases News Tips Opinion Guest Columns Submit A Column Letters to The Editor Submit a Letter Arts & Living Reviews Sports Baseball Basketball Club Sports Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Soccer Softball Tennis Volleyball XC/Track & Field Archives Current Issue Classifieds Home Opinion Opinion: The rent is still too high March 6th, 2017 Javid Ona 0 comments Kennesaw State University dorms and student apartments can continue to raise their rates knowing that students cannot legally rent cheaper housing. Photo credit: Cory Hancock Top Read FBI investigating possible breach at KSU elections center A spokeswoman for KSU said that the university cannot offer any other comment, since this is a... Mar 3rd, 2017 Campus carry bill passes Georgia House A campus carry bill passed the Georgia House of Representatives on Friday and now moves on to the... Mar 3rd, 2017 KSU sophomore killed in car crash A Kennesaw State University student was killed after being ejected from a car in an early-morning... Mar 5th, 2017 Opinion: Test grades are not an effective measurement of education Test grades are not always an accurate representation of a student’s education and are not... Mar 6th, 2017 Are you sick and tired of crazy-expensive rent? There’s a reason for that, besides the high demand for housing and cost of inputs such as utilities, housing staff, and building materials. Many students, like myself, do not commute to school and instead find accommodation in the Cobb County area. We are stuck choosing between student apartments and dorms. Even for a four-bedroom unit, monthly rent can sometimes be over $700 per room. There are some cheaper alternatives, but county regulations will not permit this. For example, four students can rent a house in a neighborhood and pay considerably less than they would in a student apartment. My friends and I looked into this and found that the four of us could each pay $400 per month for a house instead of over $600 per month for a school-affiliated apartment. According to Section 134-1 of the Cobb County ordinances, however, a single family dwelling unit like a house “consists of one or more rooms used for… two or fewer unrelated adults.” This means that no more than two people who aren’t related can live in a house together, so three or more students cannot be roommates legally. Nearly all homes fall under this ordinance, which takes the cheaper option off the market. It is simple economics. We have to choose between dorms, apartments and houses. The first two choices are very expensive, which leaves students with the option of renting a home — a substantially cheaper alternative, especially when split between three or more people. Because the county government has outlawed more than two unrelated people living in a house, students are basically forced to purchase the more expensive options. Since this ordinance exists, Kennesaw State University dorms and student apartments can continue to raise their rates, knowing that students cannot legally rent cheaper housing. You may be thinking of all the friends you know who are already living in a house with several people or other students. While some people ignore the ordinance and rent houses anyway, they run the risk of being evicted. Three years ago, 11Alive News reported that five KSU students were evicted from their “$200 a month rent” home because of this ordinance. If heavily enforced, many students would be without homes or forced to move to a more expensive apartment or dorm. If the government decided to outlaw Wal-Mart and other competitors, Target’s prices would skyrocket. The same thing occurred with the case of the Epi-Pen when the company Mylan increased the price of a two-pack from $100 in 2009 to more than $600 in 2016. The Food and Drug Administration refused to approve other competitors to put their product on the market, giving Mylan a monopoly — which resulted in the extreme price hike. Competition lowers prices, whether it concerns grocery stores, medicines or housing. Students and non-students alike should be allowed to engage in voluntary transactions when it comes to housing. The number of unrelated persons renting a house should be decided between the landlord and the tenant — not the government. Cobb County needs to understand that a freer market would provide better and cheaper options for students. This ordinance is unfair to the thousands of students who are currently being forced to pay such high prices for housing while also paying for school. "The number of unrelated persons renting a house should be decided between the landlord and the tenant — not the government." Photo credit: Paulette Juieng Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Next article KSU's Vaughn Williams named 'Under Armour Director of the Year' Previous article Men's basketball team fails to make finals Javid Ona Related Posts Opinion Opinion: Test grades are not an effective measurement of education Opinion Consensus Opinion: We stand by the press Opinion Opinion: Arming students does not make them safer About The Sentinel The Sentinel student newspaper is a registered student organization at Kennesaw State University and is currently published in five column tabloid format, weekly (Tuesdays) during the Fall and Spring semesters and twice during the Summer. The Sentinel is part of Kennesaw State Student Media (KSUSM). Weekly Timeline Mar 6th 11:07 PM Sports Lacrosse gets first win of the season Mar 6th 11:00 PM Sports Softball hits a bullseye against Dartmouth, defeats two other teams in weekend series Mar 6th 10:15 PM Sports Owls win one, drop two to Middle Tennessee in weekend series Mar 6th 10:05 PM Sports KSU’s Vaughn Williams named ‘Under Armour Director of the Year’ Mar 6th 9:46 PM Opinion Opinion: The rent is still too high Recent Discussion Cole Daniel on Opinion: Arming students does not make them safer Cole Daniel on GA lawmakers delay vote on campus carry bill Mark on GA lawmakers delay vote on campus carry bill manderso on Opinion: The Democratic Party has failed Progressive voters Kent on Opinion: The Democratic Party has failed Progressive voters News Opinion Arts & Living Sports Archives Classifieds Back to top © KSU Sentinel 2016. All rights reserved. Website by Grayson Adams
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Europe's Border Crisis America's Heroin Epidemic TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Mar 6 2017, 7:18 am ET March Is the Best Time to Buy Running Shoes, Luggage, and Frozen Food by Nicole Spector Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement The first day of spring is March 20, but spring deals are already blossoming. Bargain hunters should be on the lookout for discounts on various St. Patrick's Day stuff (think green), winter gear, running shoes, luggage, tax software, and frozen food. If that last one sounds a bit off, keep in mind that March is frozen food month. We've rounded up some of the best deals, along with some exclusive tips from retail experts. St. Patrick's Day Greens and Goods "St. Patrick's Day is on March 17, and no retailer likes to be left out of the festivities," Courtney Jespersen of NerdWallet told NBC News. "In the past, jewelry stores have slashed prices of green necklaces, and department stores have offered deals on green clothing." Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed How much Guinness do people drink on St. Patrick's Day? (Hint: a lot) 4:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/645685315561" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Amazon has created a St. Patrick's Day microsite where you can get "Prime" pricing on green apparel, accessories, and pet gear, along with lucky charms, toys, and festive foods. Amazon also has a section highlighting St. Patty's Day products under $20. Some of this assortment definitely couldn't fetch more than $20 no matter how hard a retailer tried, but there are some solid deals such as this Saint Patrick's Day Recipes book available on Kindle for just 99 cents. Irish or not, restaurants and retailers get pretty into the shamrockin' holiday, and Benjamin Glaser, features editor with DealNews, suggests that plenty have celebratory deals on the horizon. "Check out deals from Marie Callender, Einstein Bros., Friendly's, Sonic, and more in honor of St. Paddy's Day, whether it's a dollar off your purchase, a BOGO breakfast entree, or even half-off select items. IHOP and Stewart's Shops even gave discounts to anyone wearing green," said Glaser. You can also save on an especially verdant bouquet for the leprechaun love in your life. "Something you might not think of on St. Patrick's Day: Flowers," said Glaser. "Following Valentine's Day and with Mother's Day still two months off, florists are probably a little desperate to make sales. We saw 15 to 25 percent off from Teleflora and 1-800-Flowers with coupon codes last year." Early Winter Clearances and Running Shoes "Record-crushing warm winter temps sets up March for early winter clearance of top brand outerwear from stores like REI, Patagonia, Columbia, Moosejaw and others offering 'outlet-like' prices ranging from 50 to 80 percent," said Brent Shelton, online shopping expert at FatWallet. "Shoppers will find wide-spread sales on quality thermals, pullovers, coats, boots and high performance outerwear, but note that the more popular styles and sizes sell out by mid-month." Joggers wearing shorts run along Stanley Park's seawall in Vancouver, British Columbia. REUTERS/Andy Clark Shoppers will also find deals on clothing and shoes more fitting for the warmer temperatures. "Early spring shoppers can expect a savings range of 20 to 40 percent off top name-brand activewear tops, shorts, sweats and up to 50 percent off select athletic shoes (the best time of year to buy running shoes)," said Shelton. "Branded stores like Nike, Under Armour, Reebok all compete with sporting goods stores like Finishline, Footlocker, Eastbay and Dick's Sporting Goods." Shelton adds that REI, Patagonia, Moosejaw, Bass Pro Shop, and Cabela's "all have multiple spring events featuring up to 30 percent off the latest hiking, climbing, fishing and camping styles." Luggage "March is what's considered 'shoulder season' in travel terms, which is between vacation periods," said Sara Skirboll, shopping and trends expert at RetailMeNot. "As inventory continues to stock up, retailers are looking to phase out their extra luggage. That means luggage prices go on sale at this time every year, targeting spring breakers and cruisers." A passenger travels on a scooter with his luggage at Heathrow airport. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor Reuters Glaser points to deals on the Samsonite 5-Piece Nested Luggage Set, the Travelers Club Charlott 20" Hardside Carry-On, and an eBags coupon. You should also check out JCPenney, which is touting 50 percent off select luggage when you spend $40 or more; and Macy's, which has slashed prices on luggage pieces such as the Tag Matrix Lightweight Hardside Spinner Luggage, retailing for $59.99, down from as much as $280, with free shipping. Tax Software Tax software saw some mighty deals in February, but as we get nearer to April, more are popping up. At Staples, you can get up to $15 off select tax software, and also receive $35 off select Quicken titles with coupon 46059 when you purchase TurboTax. At Best Buy, save up to $15, plus get a $10 gift card when you buy a select edition of H&R Block tax software. Walmart is also slashing prices on tax software, and Office Depot is offering discounts and 20 percent off one qualifying item through March 4. If you want to know how much you owe before you buy tax software, use a calculator like NerdWallet's Federal Tax Calculator to find out. Frozen Food Month, and Other Food Holidays Every month has its food holidays, but Glaser asserts that National Frozen Food Month "isn't one of those made-up events," and cites big name participators including Green Giant, Dole, Eggo, Jimmy Dean, Pepperidge Farms, Best Yet, Bob Evans, Safeway, and Tyson. So keep an eye out for discounts from these brands and grocery stores. Jespersen suggests that consumers search for coupons throughout the month, and pay attention to "third-party aggregator sites, apps, and on social media." Brands like Easy Home Meals, Amy's Kitchen, and Gordy's Market began generating hype around the freezer aisle festivities on Twitter in February, and Pricechopper published a list of relevant coupons for the occasion, with participation from a roster of sponsors including Nestle, Breyers, and Dole. Shoppers may also want to tune into more specific national food holidays that fall in March. For instance, March 19 is National Poultry Day and March 20 is Natural Ravioli Day. To find immediate deals from brands, do a Twitter and/or Instagram hashtag search around each food holiday as the day gets nearer. Nicole Spector Topics Consumer First Published Mar 6 2017, 7:13 am ET Next Story Why Booking the Cheapest Flight Isn't Always the Best Strategy advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
News Hampton Hampton to consider repealing panhandling law Dave RessContact Reporterdress@dailypress.com Privacy Policy HAMPTON — Hampton should do away with an ordinance that targets aggressive panhandlers before it gets into trouble with the courts, city officials say. The City Council is due to vote on that suggestion Wednesday. "There are other laws that apply. If you're feeling threatened or unsafe, you should continue calling the police," said Deputy City Attorney Brandi Law. Hampton's ordinance, enacted after city staff and a citizen committee in 2007 recommended a measure to prohibit aggressive panhandling, says it is illegal to, among other things, keep asking for a handout after being told no, or to use abusive or profane language intended to intimidate. But new federal court standards about freedom of speech could leave the law open to challenge — and a challenge that could cost the city a lot of money to fight off, Vice Mayor Linda Curtis has said. Law will allow Peninsula distillers to sell bottles at events Tara Bozick Peninsula craft distilleries see another sales avenue with new legislation signed by Gov. Terry McAuliffe that enables Virginia distillers to sell liquor bottles at specific festivals and events. "I'm happy that liquor is beginning to be treated more and more as beer and wine," said distiller Owen... Peninsula craft distilleries see another sales avenue with new legislation signed by Gov. Terry McAuliffe that enables Virginia distillers to sell liquor bottles at specific festivals and events. "I'm happy that liquor is beginning to be treated more and more as beer and wine," said distiller Owen... (Tara Bozick) A federal district court in Massachusetts ruled that the city of Lowell's panhandling ordinance, which like Hampton's prohibited panhandlers from repeated requests after they'd been turned down, was unconstitutional. The decision came in response to a 2015 U.S. Supreme Court decision overturning an Arizona town's ordinance about signs. And after reading that same Supreme Court decision, a federal appeals court in Illinois reversed an earlier decision upholding the city of Springfield's panhandling ordinance. A state court in Florida overturned a Tampa ordinance that is very much like Hampton's, while a Washington state court overturned a panhandler's conviction under the Lakewood, Wash., panhandling ordinance. Supreme Court sends Grimm transgender case back to lower court in light of new federal guidance Frances Hubbard The U.S. Supreme Court is sending the case of 17-year-old Gavin Grimm back to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals after President Donald Trump overturned a federal policy on transgender students' access to school restrooms. The high court announced its decision to vacate the case and remand it... The U.S. Supreme Court is sending the case of 17-year-old Gavin Grimm back to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals after President Donald Trump overturned a federal policy on transgender students' access to school restrooms. The high court announced its decision to vacate the case and remand it... (Frances Hubbard) The 2015 U.S. Supreme Court decision expanded the definition of what's protected by the First Amendment's free speech guarantee. An Arizona pastor had put up 17 signs around town notifying people about when and where his church had services, but the town's sign ordinance set limits on the size and number of signs were banned except for those involving political events, campaigns or what it called other qualifying events. That meant a government was regulating the content of what the pastor wanted to say, and that's a violation of the First Amendment, Justice Clarence Thomas ruled. Before then, courts had held such ordinances did not violate the Constitution as long as they didn't reflect hostility to the content of speech or of a sign. Law said a number of state laws and local ordinances banning a range of behavior from assault to trespassing to impeding traffic to disorderly conduct to fraud all give police ways to deal with the behavior the aggressive panhandling ordinance is meant to address. In addition, last year the city passed a new trespassing ordinance that allows police to ban people from private property if they violate rules of the property owner. So far, 17 businesses that ban panhandling on their property, including the owners of Peninsula Town Center, Power Plant, Coliseum Corner, Coliseum Marketplace, Queen's Plaza and Wal-Mart, have authorized Hampton Police to act on their behalf and press charges of trespassing. Complaints about panhandling have dropped from a peak of more than 80 a month early last year to under 40 a month by the end of the year, city records show. Enforcing those state and local laws, including the new trespassing ordinance, does not raise freedom of speech issues, Law said. Newport News has an aggressive panhandling ordinance. It describes aggressive panhandling as touching, blocking someone's passage, or using profane or abusive language while asking for money. Ress can be reached by phone at 757-247-4535. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Clarence Thomas HR Politics Video Panelists at Hampton NAACP forum voice concern about impact of marijuana laws Another redistricting blow for Virginia GOP: Judges award $1.3 million in attorneys fees Tale of a bill: Hacking a way through the legislative jungle of Virginia's General Assembly Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 51°
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Oscars Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World COMMENT March 7 2017 - 10:26AM Save Print Republicans: a party not ready to govern Paul Krugman Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: According to Politico, a Trump confidante says that the man in the Oval Office - or more often at Mar-a-Lago - is "tired of everyone thinking his presidency is screwed up". Pro tip: The best way to combat perceptions that you're screwing up is, you know, to stop screwing up. But he can't, of course. And it's not just a personal problem. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next PM praises Indonesia Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:56 Legal battle against travel ban set to ... Legal battle against travel ban set to resume As US President Donald Trump signs a revised travel ban order, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) says, "We will continue to challenge it." Up Next PM praises Indonesia Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 PM praises Indonesia PM praises Indonesia On a visit to Jakarta, Malcolm Turnbull has singled out the majority Muslin country as an example of tolerance and respect. Courtesy ABC News 24. Up Next Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 Republicans unveil bill to repeal ... Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare Republicans in the US House of Representatives unveil the long-awaited legislation to repeal much of the Obamacare healthcare law, including its expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor. Up Next Fact check: Ben Carson reimagines slavery Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:59 Video duration 00:59 Fact check: Ben Carson reimagines slavery Fact check: Ben Carson reimagines slavery Ben Carson has an alternative, if perplexing view on immigration, saying those who came "in the bottom of slave ships worked even longer, even harder for less". Up Next Venezuela slams Peruvian President as 'a dog' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Venezuela slams Peruvian President as 'a ... Venezuela slams Peruvian President as 'a dog' Venezuela lashes out at "coward" Pedro Kuczynski after the Peruvian President made remarks about Latin America and Hugo Chavez while visiting the US last week. Up Next Five differences in latest US travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:28 Video duration 01:28 Five differences in latest US travel ban Five differences in latest US travel ban What are the major changes in President Trump's temporary travel ban for a number of majority-Muslim nations? Up Next Northern Ireland leaders launch crunch talks Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:11 Video duration 01:11 Northern Ireland leaders launch crunch ... Northern Ireland leaders launch crunch talks High-stakes talks begin between leaders in Northern Ireland, in the hope of saving their power-sharing government.. More videos Legal battle against travel ban set to resume As US President Donald Trump signs a revised travel ban order, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) says, "We will continue to challenge it." It goes without saying that Donald Trump is the least qualified individual, temperamentally or intellectually, ever installed in the White House. As he veers from wild accusations against former president Barack Obama to snide remarks about Arnold Schwarzenegger, he's doing a very good imitation of someone experiencing a personal breakdown - even though he has yet to confront a crisis not of his own making. Thanks, Comey. But the broader Republican quagmire - the party's failure so far to make significant progress toward any of its policy promises - isn't just about Trump's inadequacies. The whole party, it turns out, has been faking it for years. Its leaders' rhetoric was empty; they have no idea how to turn their slogans into actual legislation, because they've never bothered to understand how anything important works. Related Content Trump's anger is a dangerous cycle that will keep on repeating Inside Trump's fury: President rages at leaks, setbacks and accusations Take the two lead items in the congressional GOP's agenda: undoing the Affordable Care Act and reforming corporate taxes. In each case Republicans seem utterly shocked to find themselves facing reality. The story of Obamacare repeal would be funny if the health care - and, in many cases, the lives - of millions of Americans weren't at stake. Advertisement First we had seven - seven - years during which Republicans kept promising to offer an alternative to Obamacare any day now, but never did. Then came the months after the election, with more promises of details just around the corner. Now there's apparently a plan hidden somewhere in the Capitol basement. Why the secrecy? Because the Republicans have belatedly discovered what some of us tried to tell them all along: The only way to maintain coverage for the 20 million people who gained insurance thanks to Obamacare is with a plan that, surprise, looks a lot like Obamacare. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link All tied up: President Donald Trump arrives at Orlando International Airport on Friday. Photo: AP Sure enough, the new plan reportedly does look like a sort of half-baked version of the Affordable Care Act. Politically, it seems to embody the worst of both worlds: It's enough like Obamacare to infuriate hard-line conservatives, but it weakens key aspects of the law enough to deprive millions of Americans - many of them white working-class voters who backed Donald Trump - of essential health care. The idea, apparently, is to deal with these problems by passing the plan before anyone gets a chance to really see or think about what's in it. Good luck with that. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump wants to repeal Obamacare. Photo: AP Then there's corporate tax reform - an issue where the plan being advanced by Paul Ryan, the House speaker, is actually not too bad, at least in principle. Even some Democratic-leaning economists support a shift to a "destination-based cash flow tax", which is best thought of as a sales tax plus a payroll subsidy. (Trust me.) But Ryan has failed spectacularly to make his case either to colleagues or to powerful interest groups. Why? As best I can tell, it's because he himself doesn't understand the point of the reform. Donald Trump is the least qualified individual, temperamentally or intellectually, ever installed in the White House. The case for the cash flow tax is quite technical; among other things, it would remove the incentives the current tax system creates for corporations to load up on debt and to engage in certain kinds of tax avoidance. But that's not the kind of thing Republicans talk about - if anything, they're in favour of tax avoidance, hence the Trump proposal to slash funding for the IRS. No, in GOP world, tax ideas always have to be presented as ways to remove the shackles from oppressed job creators. So Ryan has framed his proposal, basically falsely, as a measure to make American industry more competitive, focusing on the "border tax adjustment" which is part of the sales-tax component of the reform. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link House Speaker Paul Ryan.  Photo: AP This misrepresentation seems, however, to be backfiring: It sounds like a Trumpist tariff, and has both conservatives and retailers like Wal-Mart up in arms. At this point, then, major Republican initiatives are bogged down for reasons that have nothing to do with the personality flaws of the tweeter in chief, and everything to do with the broader, more fundamental fecklessness of his party. Does this mean that nothing substantive will happen on the policy front? Not necessarily. Republicans may decide to ram through a health plan that causes mass suffering, and hope to blame it on Obama. They may give up on anything resembling a principled tax reform, and just throw a few trillion dollars at rich people instead. But whatever the eventual outcome, what we're witnessing is what happens when a party that gave up hard thinking in favour of empty sloganeering ends up in charge of actual policy. And it's not a pretty sight. Paul Krugman is an New York Times columnist, Nobel Economics Science laureate and author of several books including The Return of Depression Economics. New York Times Related Content Is Donald Trump bonkers, paranoid or trapped? 'March 4 Trump' rallies turn violent as protesters clash with supporters Donald Trump asks Congress to investigate wiretap news reports 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement Most Popular Travel ban rollout shows all is not well in Trumpworld Malaysian PM lashes out at North Korea for keeping its citizens from leaving US Marine Corps rocked by nude photo scandal US travel ban: Malcolm Turnbull praises Indonesia when asked about ban Carson compares slaves to immigrants Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Travel ban rollout shows all is not well in Trumpworld Time to shake the complacency about North Korea's nuclear obsession Inside Trump's fury: President rages at leaks, setbacks and accusations Iraq not included in new Donald Trump order banning travel US Marine Corps rocked by nude photo scandal Canberra Times Woman, child killed in horror crash south of Sydney Government planning massive new Department of Homeland Security 'Monster' Canberra shopping centre sells for $135.1 million We called Australia's peak business groups on a Sunday - they didn't answer Canberra's crime hotspots revealed The Sydney Morning Herald Woman, child killed in horror crash south of Sydney Meghan Markle has commenced her princess transformation Backpacker rescued after two-month hostage ordeal in outback Queensland Moama drowning: Pit bull 'Buddy' spared by police who say dog acted to save boy Travel ban rollout shows all is not well in Trumpworld The Age ATO eye cafes, restaurants, beauty salons in illegal cash economy fight Meghan Markle has commenced her princess transformation Seven charts show exactly how much Australia's workforce has changed since 1911 Raucous session sees new Speaker get tough as Nardella joins crossbench Backpacker rescued after two-month hostage ordeal in outback Queensland Brisbane Times Backpacker rescued after two-month hostage ordeal in outback Queensland Brother charged with murdering golf club chef in home Fraudster ex-LNP MP Scott Driscoll taken into custody 'Twin-bend' electric buses that will drive Brisbane's metro British backpacker met accused rapist at 'bush doof' near Cairns WA Today 'Extreme concern': WA engineers say Perth Stadium footbridge could collapse Leaked Liberal polling forecasts massive WA election loss Backpacker rescued after two-month hostage ordeal in outback Queensland Two men dead after being 'cooked from the inside' in drug overdose ATO eye cafes, restaurants, beauty salons in illegal cash economy fight Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
