Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About On The Role Of Bar Counsel, Guardians Of The Legal Profession: An Interview With William Slease Non-Sequiturs: 03.28.17 Now As Good A Time As Any To IPO An Online Lender The Show That Shaped The Perception Of Lawyers That One Scathing Student Evaluation Litigation Finance For Defendants What To Do When The Cult Of The Personality Powers Your Solo Law Practice Gorsuch Will Be Confirmed On April 7, Per Senate Majority Leader T14 Law Professor Backs Out Of Privacy Debate With ‘Most Hated’ Lawyer The Dan Markel Case: Lingering Questions Over Who’s Paying Katherine Magbanua’s Legal Fees Employers Need Good Bedside Manner Are In-House Lawyers Happy With Their Outside Counsel? On The Longevity Of Supreme Court Justices Call Me Atticus T. Lunch ABA Finally Puts Law School On Probation For Horrendous Bar Passage Rates X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE Differentiate Your Firm With A .law Domain Check out our findings on the Litigation Finance landscape Arm yourself with insider advice and download the exclusive Law School Survivor’s Guide  Check Out On The Job: Above The Law’s New Employment Law Center Labor / Employment, On The Job Employers Need Good Bedside Manner By Beth Robinson Mar 28, 2017 at 2:55 PM Shares9 A few weeks ago, at an event for attorneys, someone made an offhanded comment about the value of making people feel better. She said: doctors with better bedside manner have fewer lawsuits. And it’s true, they do. This is one of many chicken-or-the-egg situations I feel you encounter in life. Are doctors with better bedside manner better doctors? Or is it just perception? I would bet it is just perception. Because I have seen it in the workplace. Two employers treat their employees otherwise identically, but one has many more issues, including EEOC charges, at every turn, even for employees who voluntarily quit. Why? Because one employer makes their employees feel better about working there, even during terminations, while the other does not. Another example: Target and Walmart. People think poorly of Walmart for many reasons, including the lawsuits they keep getting. But they aren’t the only company that gets sued, and the truth is racial and sexual disparity in pay exist in every industry. Furthermore, Target isn’t perfect (even though they seem to have the full support of atheists and people who don’t care about the gender of other people in a public restroom). They have had their share of black eyes. But if you ask people on the street what they think of Walmart as a retailer, and what they think of Target, you will get two very different responses for these retailers. What can an employer learn from this phenomenon? Bedside manner is incredibly important, for more than just doctors. And what can an employer do to take advantage of this phenomenon?  Here are my suggestions: 1. Make your employees feel important. Doctors with good bedside manner make the patient feel they have their full attention during the (often very short) time they have with them. This makes the patient feel important. What is a practical way that an employer can do this? Drop the silly platitudes (pro tip: “Chief Happiness Officer” does nothing for your actual workplace happiness) and actually give benefits that matter to employees. Do you expect long hours? How about making employees’ lives easier outside of the office? Something I’ve seen that employees at one company enjoyed: buying out time at a nearby gym to give employees an opportunity to work out. No competition for that elliptical! 2. Listen to your employees. Patients gave high ratings to doctors who listen. Curiously, this is part of our training for managers and HR professionals for successfully implementing anti-harassment policies. We tell them that there are key issues and phrases to pay attention to, but they often don’t come out immediately. Employees want to feel like they matter. Feeling like they matter can often mean more than almost anything in the workplace. Managers should be trained to actively listen to employees, for more than a Faragher-Ellerth defense. 3. Give good feedback. Doctors who are thoughtful about what they say have better bedside manner. For employers, this translates to feedback. Good feedback is essential to being a good employer, but often it isn’t focused on.  Formal review is a time of dread instead of a time of growth. I personally am not a fan of an annual or semi-annual review; I think that for feedback to matter, it needs to be more timely. Just like doctors need to be continually saying, with their words and body language, the right thing to each patient for the bedside manner to be authentic and matter, so an employer needs to be giving good, timely feedback to employees. Intentionality and being mindful of perception is key to being truly good at anything. If you are a doctor, it translates into fewer lawsuits over the course of your career, all things being equal. If you are an employer, being intentional about the workplace environment is key to being a top place to work and low turnover (though, like Target, you will never be the best for everyone). And much like it does for doctors, being intentional hits your bottom line. Low employee turnover and avoiding lawsuits has real value to a company. Beth Robinson lives in Denver and is a business law attorney and employment law guru. She practices at Fortis Law Partners. You can reach her at employmentlawgurubr@gmail.com and follow her on Twitter at @HLSinDenver. Being a good employer is good for business. Shares9 Topics Advice, Bedside Manner, Beth Robinson, Bosses, Labor / Employment, On The Job Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles ABA Finally Puts Law School On Probation For Horrendous Bar Passage Rates An Interesting New Set Of Law School Rankings That One Scathing Student Evaluation The Dan Markel Case: Lingering Questions Over Who’s Paying Katherine Magbanua’s Legal Fees T14 Law Professor Backs Out Of Privacy Debate With ‘Most Hated’ Lawyer Student Found Dead On Campus At T14 Law School The Show That Shaped The Perception Of Lawyers Beyond Biglaw: 3 Associate Lessons From ‘Goliath’ Are In-House Lawyers Happy With Their Outside Counsel? Gorsuch Will Be Confirmed On April 7, Per Senate Majority Leader Breaking: NY To $180K!!! Cravath Raises Associate Base Salaries!!! Making The White House Counsel’s Office Great Again Low-Cost Bar Prep Materials? Unbundling To Drive Down Costs What To Do When The Cult Of The Personality Powers Your Solo Law Practice Non-Sequiturs: 03.28.17 From the Above the Law Network Big Deals & Lateral Moves Source: Lateral Link Two Mid to Senior-Level M&A Associate Openings Source: Kinney Recruiting On The Job: A Labor And Employment Rankings Round-Up Source: Above the Law 2017 Law Firm Rankings Source: Above the Law 2017 Dealbreaker MBA Rankings Source: Dealbreaker Life Sciences Law Firm Index: Top Deal Firms Update Source: Above the Law 2017 Ediscovery Case Law: Ready for a New Year? Source: MICHELE C.S. LANGE Associate Compensation Scorecard: Which Firms Have Announced Bonuses? Source: Above the Law Are In-House Lawyers Happy With Their Outside Counsel? The Dan Markel Case: Lingering Questions Over Who’s Paying Katherine Magbanua’s Legal Fees Shares9 Recent Jobs Director of the Center for Judicial Engagement Location: Arlington, VA posted by Institute for Justice Mid-Level Associate Attorney, Asset Securitization: Washington, D.C. Office Location: Washington, DC, United States posted by Chapman and Cutler LLP Corporate Counsel Location: Foster City, California posted by Gilead Sciences, Inc. Attorney Location: Chicago, Illinois posted by Werman Salas P.C. Mid-Level Litigation Associate Attorney Location: Chicago, Illinois posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC view all » Promoted Sponsored Content Attorney Skills Accelerator Program for Students Who Want to Get Ahead This Summer The Attorney Skills Accelerator Program (ASAP) at Boston University School of Law will offers summer classes, clinics, and externships to graduate students and qualified J.D. students enrolled in accredited law schools. ASAP could give you the skill set to open doors to new career opportunities and the academic credits to fulfill your law degree requirements. […] Boston University School of Law Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Keys taken from shopper's cart, car stolen from Hattiesburg Wal - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Keys taken from shopper's cart, car stolen from Hattiesburg Walmart 2017-03-28T23:27:42Z2017-03-28T23:51:06Z By Melissa Egan, Reporter Email Connect megan@wdam.com Source: WDAM Victim said she left her purse and keys in the top of the buggy. Source: WDAM HATTIESBURG, MS (WDAM) - Hattiesburg Police are investigating after keys were stolen from a shopper's cart at the Walmart on Highway 98 Sunday. Police said surveillance video from Walmart showed three females taking the victim's keys while the victim was not looking. Police said the suspects then took the keys out to the parking lot, activated the car alarm and stole the vehicle.  After WDAM 7 News aired the story Tuesday, we were notified by the victim the car had been located.  The 22-year-old college student did not want to be identified due to privacy concerns, but said she wanted to share her experience so other shoppers did not find themselves in the same situation. The victim said she thought she just forgot where she parked her car when she walked out of the store Sunday, but then realized her keys were missing.  The victim then contacted security who reviewed surveillance video and located the three females stealing the keys. "I know at the time when my keys were taken, because of how close they were to me," the victim said. "I want people to be aware of that, be careful where you put your stuff and how close they are to you. Don't let people in your personal space and if they are, you need to check your stuff." The victim said when she put her keys in the buggy, she never thought something like that would happen to her. She said at the time of the crime, she was just acting like any "regular customer." "They were coming through and I was like 'oh excuse me.' I was being nice," the victim said. "I thought they were just trying to come through the aisle. What any regular customer do. I didn't hear any keys, anything being grabbed, I didn't hear any of that." The victim is a senior at William Carey University and is set to graduate in May. She said there was personal information, schoolwork, medals and necklaces inside the vehicle. Lt. Jon Traxler with the Hattiesburg Police Department said this is a vivid reminder to always be aware of your surroundings. "When you are out and about in the public, be mindful of your surroundings and things like that," Traxler said. "Keep your purses, your wallets, things like that handy. When you go into a store, don't set it down and walk away from it." The victim said she learned a lesson and hopes others will take a note from her misfortune. "Right now, its (purse) going to be right on my body, right on my shoulders. Keys, phone everything. Keep it attached to you or in your pocket," she said.  WDAM 7 News has requested surveillance video of the incident from police.  This is an ongoing investigation.  If anyone has any information they are asked to call Hattiesburg Police 601-544-7900 or CrimeStoppers 601-582-7867. Copyright 2017 WDAM. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> 69-year-old man with dementia missing, last seen at a business 69-year-old man with dementia missing, last seen at a business Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:24 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:24:29 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A 69-year-old man suffering from dementia is missing, according to Memphis Police Department.  More >> A 69-year-old man suffering from dementia is missing, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Affidavit: Blood spatter, burn barrel all part of Fayette Co man's brutal murder Affidavit: Blood spatter, burn barrel all part of Fayette Co man's brutal murder Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:03 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:03:20 GMT A woman faces second-degree murder charges after investigators said she is responsible for the death of a Fayette County man. The affidavit details the brutal murder of the man for whom she was hired to provide care. More >> A woman faces second-degree murder charges after investigators said she is responsible for the death of a Fayette County man. The affidavit details the brutal murder of the man for whom she was hired to provide care.More >> Millington police officer injured while arresting suspect Millington police officer injured while arresting suspect Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:37 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:37:55 GMT A Millington police officer was injured Tuesday night while arresting a shoplifting suspect. More >> A Millington police officer was injured Tuesday night while arresting a shoplifting suspect. More >> Teacher assistant fired after details of his past surface Teacher assistant fired after details of his past surface Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:20 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:20:18 GMT A Memphis charter school fired a teacher assistant after learning details about his work history.More >> A Memphis charter school fired a teacher assistant after learning details about his work history.More >> Neighbors concerned drone flying around their home is connected to sex offender Neighbors concerned drone flying around their home is connected to sex offender Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:19 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:19:34 GMT Neighbors in Bartlett are concerned that a sex offender was flying a drone close to their house (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Bartlett neighbors said they discovered a drone hovering in their backyard. More >> Bartlett neighbors said they discovered a drone hovering in their backyard. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Fisherman's shark encounter: 'I freaked out when I looked into the huge black eye' Fisherman's shark encounter: 'I freaked out when I looked into the huge black eye' Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:36 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:36:20 GMT Jannick Schroder and his friends were bottom fishing off the Wrightsville Beach coast earlier this month when they encountered, not one, but two sharks.More >> Jannick Schroder and his friends were bottom fishing off the Wrightsville Beach coast earlier this month when they encountered, not one, but two sharks.More >> Breaking DPS identifies 3 stormchasers killed in crash near Spur, TX DPS identifies 3 stormchasers killed in crash near Spur, TX Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 9:48 PM EDT2017-03-29 01:48:14 GMT Troopers with the Department of Public Safety and deputies with the Dickens County Sheriff's Office were called to the scene of a fatal crash near Spur, TX.  More >> Troopers with the Department of Public Safety and deputies with the Dickens County Sheriff's Office were called to the scene of a fatal crash near Spur, TX. More >> UPDATE: CPD releases statement about Five Points assault captured on video UPDATE: CPD releases statement about Five Points assault captured on video Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 8:22 PM EDT2017-03-29 00:22:15 GMT A still image taken from video of the incident. (Source: Justin Bamberg) A University of South Carolina student wants action after he says he was viciously attacked outside a Five Points bar St. Patrick's Day weekend. More >> A University of South Carolina student wants action after he says he was viciously attacked outside a Five Points bar St. Patrick's Day weekend.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 35° Light rain High: 39° | Low: 35° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted Yesterday at 7:37 PM Updated March 28 increase font size Amazon takes online grocery list and puts the goods in your trunk The company looks to penetrate the supermarket sector, where its popular app may help it unseat Wal-Mart as the retail king. By Angel GonzalezThe Seattle Times Share Comment Read Article A worker returns a cart after loading groceries ordered online into a customer's car at an AmazonFresh Pickup location Tuesday in Seattle. Amazon is currently beta testing the free service with employees. Associated Press photos/Elaine Thompson SEATTLE — Amazon.com’s latest experiment is a clear indication of where it’s seeking a big chunk of its future bread and butter: the massive world of grocery retail. On Tuesday the e-commerce giant unveiled two grocery pickup spots in Seattle under the AmazonFresh brand. Once beta testing ends, Amazon's Prime loyalty members in Seattle will order groceries online and pick up their order within two hours – at no charge. Associated Press/Elaine Thompson Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → That’s the same outfit that launched a decade ago to deliver groceries to customers’ doorsteps in Seattle. It has since expanded to more than 20 metropolitan areas, from Los Angeles to London, but has failed to make a major dent against established supermarket chains, including archrival Wal-Mart. Groceries – a $600 billion U.S. market – are a critical nut for Amazon to crack if it’s to unseat Wal-Mart as the world’s largest retailer. Analysts with Cowen & Co. on Tuesday called the U.S. grocery sector Amazon’s “biggest potential source of revenue upside.” Dubbed AmazonFresh Pickup, the two locations are designed for shoppers who make their purchases online and then select a time to pick them up. An Amazon employee at the pickup site will bring the bags directly to the shopper’s car. The locations have been the target of speculation for months. Tech news site GeekWire first spotted construction at one location last August, but Amazon, even as it worked on the facilities, remained mum on their purpose. Amazon says that for now the locations are in “beta” mode – that is, available to Amazon employees participating in a test program. But when they open to the general public, they’ll be exclusively for members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime loyalty program. The company declined to specify when that would happen. Unlike the AmazonFresh delivery service, which costs $14.99 a month, usage of the pickup locations is free, with no minimum order. Orders can be picked up two hours after purchase. AmazonFresh members, however, will have the special perk of being able to pick up their purchases in 15 minutes. Amazon is not the first to come up with so-called “click and collect” grocery shopping. Supermarket chains from Texas’ H-E-B to Kroger and Wal-Mart offer the service. Yet Amazon may have an edge over its competitors due to the popularity of its smartphone app – roughly 30 million Americans use it on a monthly basis, says Cooper Smith, an analyst at L2, a business intelligence consultancy. “Clearly this is a mobile play,” Smith said, targeted to “younger consumers, high net worth consumers.” “I wouldn’t be surprised if five years from now you have Amazon stores along the major metropolitan areas along the coasts.” The AmazonFresh Pickup facilities are part of what seems to be a multipronged approach to unraveling the mystery of profitably selling groceries in the digital age. That effort is beset by difficult logistics and by shoppers’ reluctance to buy certain foods, such as produce and meats, sight unseen. Brick-and-mortar stores play a big role in this retail re-imagining. One prominent component is the Amazon Go store, a pilot convenience store unveiled last December in one of the company’s downtown Seattle high-rises. The 1,800-square-foot store has technology similar to that used in self-driving cars; shoppers can walk in, pick up a product from the shelf and walk out the door without dealing with a cashier, as the item is automatically charged to their account. The store is in beta mode, available to Amazon employees only. It was expected to open to the public in the early part of 2017, but The Wall Street Journal reported Monday that the opening had been delayed due to hiccups with the technology used to track people and products in the store. NEW MULTIFORMAT STORE CONCEPT Another idea under consideration, according to a person familiar with the matter, is a larger, highly automated multiformat store that would serve as a neighborhood grocer, a warehouse for nearby Amazon deliveries, and as a kind of technological embassy for new ways to shop. Customers would be able to walk in, drawn by a basic selection of fresh items. While they shop for eggs and milk, Amazon employees in the back of the store, aided by a fulfillment system, can prepare a basket for the customers with a more diverse selection of products that they can walk out with. They could also have their purchases delivered to their car by ordering in advance, like in the pickup locations unveiled Tuesday, or have them dropped off at home a few hours later. It’s a model that would help people get used to the idea of buying fresh food and other groceries from Amazon, and nudge them to buy more of it online. The concept is not much different from a two-story store design described by Brittain Ladd, a former Deloitte consultant who now works on Amazon Fresh’s expansion. In a LinkedIn post published in 2013, before his Amazon tenure, Ladd wrote that despite the logistics complexity required in such a store, it could be extremely profitable – with margins between 22 percent and 40 percent, much higher than the single-digit margins that supermarkets usually eke out. Groceries are also part of a wider push by Amazon into the physical world, a campaign in which Seattle serves as a staging ground. In 2015 the company opened its first brick-and-mortar bookstore in the city. Recently it announced what will be its 10th bookstore at another Seattle location. The New York Times reported that Amazon is also pondering brick-and-mortar emporia for appliances and furniture. In the meantime, Amazon’s pickup locations are “the best indication yet that Amazon is going to be extremely persistent when it comes to disrupting groceries,” said L2 analyst Smith, potentially impacting the bottom line of its competitors. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Local & State Hallowell panel recommends marijuana moratorium Nation & World Presidential flip: Trump’s boyhood home sold again Business Time has turned the tables as  market for turntables surges Business Britain starts circulating anti-counterfeit coin with 12 sides Recent Read Shared NBA roundup: Warriors down Rockets NHL roundup: Caps edge Wild in OT for fifth straight win 'Moonlight' director tapped by Amazon Police in Franklin County arrest driver after chase reaches 100 mph Alec Baldwin 'stunned' by popularity of Trump impression Maine Voices: The problem isn't Obamacare; it's the insurance companies A deadly epidemic: Addiction to opioids has put an entire generation at risk Bill Nemitz: Do my words bother you? That's OK – you didn't hear them from me Who is making snowshoe art in Maine fields? Find out Recruiters hop bus to Boston to find new hires BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings 38° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Vermont The latest news from around the state Connecticut|Maine|Massachusetts|New Hampshire|Rhode Island|Vermont Police: Leader of Multi-State Wal-Mart Theft Ring Forced Women Into Stealing By Jack Thurston NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest new-england updates in your inbox Email Privacy policy | More Newsletters UP NEXT X Police: RI Man Forced Women to Rob Stores Across New England Link Embed Copy Close Link to this video //www.necn.com/on-air/as-seen-on/WEB-Jack-Theft-Ring-4pm_NECN-417370213.html Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=417370213&videoID=MaH_DyBVjSS7&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=new-england&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» Johnnie Hammond of Providence, Rhode Island, is accused of threatening women with beatings if they didn't steal for him. (Published Tuesday, March 28, 2017) A shoplifting investigation at a Vermont Wal-Mart revealed that a Rhode Island man had been forcing women to steal from stores across New England, police say. Vermont State Police reports written by troopers out of the Middlesex barracks describe that their investigation began at a Wal-Mart store in Berlin. In documents obtained Tuesday by necn, police accused 41-year-old Johnnie Hammond of Providence of forcing women to shoplift for him, and intimidating them with threats of beatings. New Emoji: T-Rex and Zombies and Vampires, Oh My! Police said Hammond was the leader of a theft ring targeting Wal-Mart stores across New England, from the Boston area, to southern New Hampshire, Maine, and the Berlin store. Items stolen from one location would be returned to another for cash or credit, police said. American Airlines Buys Stake in China Southern Airlines Some of the stolen merchandise, which troopers said they recovered from a vehicle Hammond was using in his travels, included a haul of bed sheets, school supplies and bike parts. All told, police said they recovered $4,000 in merchandise believed to be from several northeast Wal-Mart stores. Drug Lab: Pooch Shipped to NYC With $1M of Heroin Beyond the alleged thefts, police affidavits filed with the Vermont Superior Court this week painted a disturbing picture of who troopers say did the stealing. Police accused Hammond of strong-arming several women into being his thieves. White Supremacist in NYC Killing Says 'Sorry': Report The suspect denied the accusations against him in a court appearance Monday. Police said they caught up with Hammond Sunday, along with another man and four women he was traveling with. The encounter with police followed reports from the public of erratic driving in the southbound lane of Interstate 89 in Williamstown, according to court documents. Will NYC Invite the 'Fearless Girl' to Stay on Wall Street? Troopers said they found a gold Toyota Camry parked at the Vermont Agency of Transportation garage in Williamstown. The occupants, who police said told conflicting stories and provided false names, appeared to be having car trouble. "I began to suspect that [two of the women in the car] may be involved in something that they did not want to be a part of," Trooper James Vooris wrote in his report. Internet Erupts After Airline Boots Girls Wearing Leggings One of the women, whom necn is not identifying because she is described in police paperwork as a victim, told police she was in Vermont against her will. Police said another woman told them that Hammond , or "Poopie," as she knew him, would threaten to beat her and others if they didn't shoplift for him. March Madness: Your Guide to This Year's Final Four "She also advised she only eats when Hammond buys her food and the last time she ate was the day before in Nashua, New Hampshire," Trooper James Vooris wrote in his report. That woman said Hammond gave her orders on what to steal. She said he hit her with an electric toothbrush and that she was "very afraid" of him, Vooris wrote, adding that she reported being a "10" on a scale of 1-10 of her fear of Hammond. 'No Apparent Reason' for Shooting on Vegas Strip Bus: Police That 20-year-old woman was discovered through a police database search to be a missing person from Rhode Island, Trooper Brandon Degre wrote in another police report filed with the court. Court documents showed a third woman told police she, too, was afraid of Hammond, because she "witnessed him assault girls in the past," including the two other women in the car. Video Reveals Voice of Girl Allegedly Kidnapped by Teacher The alleged leader of the theft ring pleaded not guilty to felony charges of retail theft and unlawful restraint. Hammond also denied a third charge, a misdemeanor, of lying to a police officer, according to court records. 1 Dead, 15 Injured in Cincinnati Nightclub Shooting: Police The investigation is still ongoing, Vermont State Police said Monday in a news release. A check of Hammond's criminal record Tuesday revealed a lengthy rap sheet, which included a past case in Albany, New York, of sex trafficking involving the use of a substance to impair the judgment of the person. According to the Vermont Superior Court, as of early Tuesday afternoon, Hammond was listed as being jailed at the Northwest State Correctional Facility in St. Albans for lack of bail. Published at 6:54 PM EDT on Mar 28, 2017 | Updated at 12:12 AM EDT on Mar 29, 2017 Get the latest from necn anywhere, anytime Download the App Available for IOS and Android Follow necn Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Business Retail Big Bets: Why Fashion Mergers & Acquisitions Are on the Rise By Sheena Butler-Young / 9 hours ago Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk AP Images When it comes to high-powered dealmaking, 2017 may be the year that footwear-and-apparel companies raise the stakes. Digital competition and a rapidly evolving consumer landscape are sending fashion firms to the negotiating table at a quick pace, but experts say those same factors call for an unprecedented level of precision on the part of dealmakers this time around. Related A Guide to the Best Adidas NMD Sneakers Out Now “When the market becomes more challenging, there is an uptick in M&A activity [because] weaker firms are looking for lifelines, and that’s what we’re seeing right now,” explained Camilo Lyon, an analyst with Canaccord Genuity. In the past six months, several smaller footwear brands have switched hands: Caleres closed out 2016 with a buyout of men’s brand Allen Edmonds; Marc Fisher Footwear purchased Easy Spirit in January; and Steve Madden snapped up family-owned Schwartz & Benjamin a few weeks later. Earlier this month, U.K.-based Pentland Brands picked up a majority stake in California-born casual-sneaker label SeaVees. “This is a bifurcated market, in that the strong will survive and reap the benefits of either acquiring strong brands at attractive multiples, or they’ll survive and benefit from competitors going away altogether,” Lyon added. Market challenges and a lack of strategic partnerships have already sent a number of footwear-and-apparel firms packing over the last two years. And Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Sam Poser said flawed dealmaking is a likely culprit. “A lot of these private-equity firms, for example, come in and they have dreams of grandeur but realize that they can’t execute them,” Poser said. “And we’ve seen the results. We’ve actually seen companies go away — as in the case of Eastern Mountain Sports, Bob’s Stores, Wet Seal and Sports Authority — because of private-equity ownership.” (EMS, Bob’s, Wet Seal and Sports Authority have all filed for bankruptcy.) At the same time, the staggering speed at which e-commerce has exploded and gobbled up market share from the brick-and-mortar channel has stifled even the most seasoned retail players. In a bid to find more stable footing in this new age of retail, Wal-Mart has been on a digital shopping spree, picking up Jet.com in August, the e-tailer ShoeBuy in January and brick-and-click outdoor retailer Moosejaw last month. “Wal-mart is the biggest retailer in the world, and they have absolutely no choice but to look for ways that they can become a stronger competitor digitally with Amazon,” said Antony Karabus, CEO of HRC Retail Advisory. “They’re doing the right thing by finding these niches where Amazon is strong, such as in footwear.” When Wal-mart announced its $70 million purchase of ShoeBuy through its Jet.com arm in January, company spokesperson Ravi Jariwala told Footwear News that the buy was characteristically strategic. “Apparel and accessories is now the No. 1 category for digital commerce, surpassing computer hardware for the first time last year,” Jariwala said. “ShoeBuy’s expertise will help accelerate Jet’s footwear business and enhance our overall customer experience through a large assortment of products, strong industry relationships, and rich content and product descriptions.” (To sweeten the pot, Wal-mart also offered interested ShoeBuy suppliers an option to expand their consumer reach by also selling on Jet.) SHUFFLING THE DECK While several firms are taking advantage of opportunities in the buying market, many are also taking steps to scale down their bloated portfolios. The Finish Line, which offloaded JackRabbit in January, and Weyco Group, which announced on March 8 that it’s placing its children’s footwear brand, Umi, on the selling block, are focused on rationalizing their portfolios through divestiture. Following several rounds of lackluster earnings, Deckers Brands last month attracted the interest of activist hedge fund Marcato Capital Management, which picked up a 6 percent stake, or 1.9 million shares, in the firm. Marcato disclosed in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it intends to engage with the firm’s leadership on “various operational initiatives or broader strategic initiatives including, but not limited to, potential acquisitions or sales of/or involving [Deckers] or certain of [its] businesses or assets.” There had been chatter for some time that Deckers or, at the very least, several of the brands in its portfolio — Teva, Sanuk, Ahnu, Hoka One One, Koolaburra and breadwinner Ugg — were on the selling block. Marcato’s move further fueled the speculation. But Poser said he views the 6 percent stake as an avenue for managerial changes and doesn’t anticipate a full-on takeout. “Strategic acquirers want to buy a company with a seasoned merchant and product team,” Poser said. “The Ugg brand, which makes up 83 percent of Deckers’ revenue, needs to be tuned up a great deal before a strategic suitor is found.” Meanwhile, after months of sales speculation, Kate Spade confirmed in February that the company is exploring strategic alternatives. So far, Coach and Michael Kors have been tossed around as potential suitors, but Canaccord’s Lyon said he believes private-equity ownership would be the most likely scenario for the brand: “I think private equity is probably the most logical suitor — I know the strategics [Kors and Coach] are looking at [Kate Spade] but I’m not convinced that they would actually pull the trigger.” (Conversely, B. Riley & Co. analyst Jeff Van Sinderen sees the handbag maker going to Coach.) In the luxury-goods channel, a Coach and Burberry merger has also been floating around the ether, but that hasn’t shaped up, Lyon noted. Lightweight clog-maker Crocs also stirred M&A chatter when it reported yet another quarter of losses and weak sales on March 1. In addition to rationalizing its fleet, Susquehanna’s Poser said he believes the brand’s management should consider a sale. “Crocs’ business may be better served within a larger portfolio of brands,” Poser said. “That way, corporate, back office, and other expenses can be absorbed by the larger entity. Additionally, under a larger company’s umbrella, Crocs may also be able to shed its manufacturing assets in Mexico and Italy.” But for now, Poser added, “the company’s inability to shed its burdensome leases meaningfully detracts from the case for a strategic suitor.” WHEN THE CHIPS ARE DOWN Department stores have been among the hardest hit by consumer shifts toward online and experiential spending. To address the challenges, Macy’s, JCPenney and Sears have implemented layoffs and store closures, but Macy’s has reportedly taken things a step further — signaling an interest in joining the selling block. (CEO Terry Lundgren — who stepped aside on March 23 — reportedly said the firm had become open to offers from potential friendly buyers.) “Macy’s is pretty interesting because of their real estate, but finding a buyer willing to pay what [the department store] believes is fair could slow down the process,” explained Van Sinderen. “There are not a lot of potential strategic acquirers for Macy’s outside of Hudson’s Bay Company.” After posting its sixth consecutive quarter of declining sales, luxury department store chain Neiman Marcus placed its struggling business on the selling block. The firm said on March 14 that it is evaluating strategic options, and reports have since surfaced that HBC is in talks with the retailer about a potential merger. Only time will tell, but looking ahead, experts say retail’s challenges are likely to linger, which — along with the current administration’s promise of corporate tax cuts — will further spur M&A activity. In addition to rightsizing their fleets, analysts suggest that finding healthy partnerships and synergies may be the best bet for brands and retailers hoping to capitalize on opportunities and power through. “I’d like to see more strategic consolidation that creates healthier companies,” Van Sinderen said. “The U.S. is way over-stored and that is creating an environment where smart acquirers can [purchase] assets at more reasonable prices —versus recent years — and create leverage in their businesses.” He added, “Synergies and economies of scale will become apparent, but it is going to take some time for things to play out.” — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Retail, Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Coach, Kate Spade, Macy's, Michael Kors Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← Puma Offering 20 Percent Off Leggings for United Passengers Amid Controversy The Savvy Business Instincts That Made Maurice Breton the King of Comfort Shoes → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: March 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 03/27/2017 Read Now Cinemacon: Disney Plays Hold 'Em in Vegas, Announces 'Wreck-It… Legends of Tomorrow's Doomworld Had Death, Easter Eggs and One… Mika Brzezinski To Seth Meyers: Donald Trump Presidency "Far… Little Mix Epically Slays Sexy Performance Of 'Touch' On 'Late… Watch a 'Zelda: Breath of the Wild' player glide over the whole… Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News Matchbox Twenty Tickets on Sale for Walmart AMP in Rogers, AR at Stub.Center Seattle, WA — (ReleaseWire) — 03/28/2017 –Award winning rock band, Matchbox Twenty, will bring their A Brief History Of Everything Tour to Walmart AMP in Rogers, AR on August 7. Stub.Center sells Matchbox Twenty tickets at Walmart Amp Rogers, AR. Matchbox Twenty announced tour dates on March 27, 2017 for Walmart AMP in Rogers, Arkansas. Other Matchbox Twenty 20th anniversary summer tour dates include Oklahoma City, Birmingham and Nashville. Matchbox Twenty is performing with Counting Crows on their A Brief History Of Everything Tour. Lead singer of Matchbox Twenty, Rob Thomas told Pollstar in a recent interview, „No matter what I will ever do, nothing feels like home as much as playing these songs with these guys and it never will. And, I can’t wait to spend another summer out there on the road with the Counting Crows.” In 1996, Matchbox Twenty released their debut album, Yourself or Someone Like You. The album was an instant success for the band. It was certified Platinum 12 times. Over the course of their career they have won several awards. These awards include two Grammy’s, two American Music Awards and a People’s Choice Award. Fans can find Matchbox Twenty tickets for Walmart AMP in Rogers, AR at Stub.Center. Tickets go on sale to the general public on Friday March 31 at 10am. Tickets can be purchased any time before then at Stub.Center. Matchbox Twenty Tour Dates July 12 – Spokane, WA @ Spokane Arena July 14 – Edmonton, Alberta @ Rogers Place July 16 – Vancouver, British Columbia @ Rogers Arena July 18 – Auburn, WA @ White River Amphitheatre July 19 – Ridgefield, WA @ Sunlight Supply Amphitheater July 21 – Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre July 22 – Paso Robles, CA @ California Mid-State Fair Grandstand (California Mid-State Fair) July 24 – Murphys, CA @ Ironstone Amphitheatre July 26 – Reno, NV @ Grand Sierra Resort Theatre July 28 – Chula Vista, CA @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre July 29 – Las Vegas, NV @ Mandalay Bay Events Center July 31 – Inglewood, CA @ Forum Aug. 2 – Phoenix, AZ @ Ak-Chin Pavilion Aug. 4 – Albuquerque, NM @ Isleta Amphitheater Aug. 6 – Oklahoma City, OK @ Oklahoma City Zoo Amphitheatre Aug. 7 – Rogers, AR @ Walmart AMP Aug. 9 – Pelham, AL @ Oak Mountain Amphitheatre Aug. 12 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena Aug. 13 – Atlanta, GA @ Lakewood Amphitheatre Aug. 15 – Tampa, FL @ MidFlorida Credit Union Amphitheatre Aug. 16 – West Palm Beach, FL @ Perfect Vodka Amphitheatre Aug. 19 – Jacksonville, FL @ Daily’s Place Aug. 20 – Charlotte, NC @ PNC Music Pavilion Aug. 22 – Raleigh, NC @ Coastal Credit Union Music Park at Walnut Creek Aug. 23 – Virginia Beach, VA @ Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater At Virginia Beach Aug. 25 – Saratoga Springs, NY @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center Aug. 26 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion Aug. 28 – Hershey, PA @ Hersheypark Stadium Aug. 29 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center Aug. 31 – Wantagh, NY @ Northwell Health At Jones Beach Theater Sept. 2 – Hartford, CT @ Xfinity Theatre Sept. 3 – Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live Sept. 6 – Toronto, Ontario @ Budweiser Stage Sept. 8 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Center Sept. 9 – Syracuse, NY @ Lakeview Amphitheater Sept. 11 – Darien Center, NY @ Darien Lake Performing Arts Center Sept. 12 – Burgettstown, PA @ KeyBank Pavilion Sept. 14 – Mount Pleasant, MI @ Soaring Eagle Casino & Resort Sept. 16 – Welch, MN @ Treasure Island Resort & Casino Sept. 17 – Tinley Park, IL @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre Sept. 20 – Cuyahoga Falls, OH @ Blossom Music Center Sept. 21 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center Sept. 23 – Clarkston, MI @ DTE Energy Music Theatre Sept. 24 – Noblesville, IN @ Klipsch Music Center Sept. 26 – Maryland Heights, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre Sept. 27 – Kansas City, MO @ Starlight Theatre Sept. 30 – The Woodlands, TX @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion Oct. 1 – Irving, TX @ Pavilion At The Irving Music Factory About Stub.Center Stub.Center is a ticket resale marketplace with a Shopper Approved Rating of 4.6/5. Disclaimer: Stub.Center is not associated with any artists, teams, venues, organizations, institutions, bands, or artists featured on their website in any way. Also, any names or titles used in this press release are solely for descriptive purposes and do not imply, indicate, or suggest any type of affiliation, partnership, or endorsement. Media Contact: Company Name: Stub.Center Contact Person: Media Relations Email: info@stub.center Website: www.stub.center/Matchbox-Twenty CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts, Companies, company, general, Health, Home and Garden, Music, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Grab Handles Market: Sobinco, Allegion, Baldwin, EMTEK, Kwikset, Kuriki Next PostNext Global Titanium(IV) Isopropoxide (CAS 546-68-9) Market: Shandong Harriton, Yixing Sunan Petrochemical Auxiliary Co., Taichang Chemical Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism President Trump signs order to repeal Obama administration’s climate change rules, Arkansas officials cheer Personal income grew 3.2% last year in Arkansas, U.S. average up 3.6% Arkansas Energy Education Foundation elects officers, board January-February enplanements up at Fort Smith and XNA, flat in Little Rock Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics President Trump signs order to repeal Obama administration’s climate change rules, Arkansas officials cheer Amazon tax bill rejected on the third attempt as legislative session nears end Bill restricting guns at sporting events advances after SEC expresses concern House committee advances school choice bill Fort Smith city boss to travel to D.C. to argue for relief on federally mandated sewer work Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith city boss to travel to D.C. to argue for relief on federally mandated sewer work January-February enplanements up at Fort Smith and XNA, flat in Little Rock Small business reinvents itself through social media, helps mother recover from the loss of her son Biggs family, Packaging Specialties give $2 million to Arkansas Children’s Northwest Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford surprised by Comey disclosure, ‘all options’ on table with North Korea Rep. Crawford’s concerns on health care reform center on government role, legislative process U.S. Rep. Womack: A ‘lean yes’ on Ryan health care plan, wants changes on House floor Sen. John Boozman: Nothing ‘off the table’ including military options on North Korean aggression U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Truck drivers shed weight in health challenge, fight high obesity rate The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. focusing more on health and wellness Braswell replaces Kirk as director on ATA council Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic tops 2 million tons in January-February 2017 Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. focusing more on health and wellness BusinessLatest NewsThe Supply Side by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 13 hours ago 23 views  Tags: The Supply Side 0 SHARES Share Tweet Health and wellness is a big a category for Walmart U.S., generating more than $32.82 billion in sales in fiscal 2016 and rising more than $1.14 billion from the previous year. Wal-Mart Stores Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs has said the retailer would move more resources into the health and wellness category, which is poised for continued growth. In the fourth quarter ending Jan. 31, the category saw single-mid-digit comp sales, according to Biggs. Biggs said the retailer will invest more into private label brands Great Value and Equate within the health and wellness category. He said the retailer has had growing over-the-counter sales, and the category has seen better traffic. A recent report from Nielsen indicates untapped potential for suppliers and retailers looking to capture health and wellness sales. Nielsen’s Strategic Health Perspectives survey found 63% of Americans said they’re trying to eat healthier, with 49% saying they consciously eat more fruits and vegetables. Organic and GMO-free food sales are outpacing the average for the rest of the store. Beyond healthier foods, Nielsen found consumers are spending millions of dollars each year on nutritional diet aids, pain remedies, sleep aids, throat lozenges and diuretic remedies. A Nielsen shopper panel last year found 39% of Americans suffer from an ailment, many of whom manage it themselves. The survey found 47 million households have someone who manages ailments with diet, and these households spend more than $268 billion at food and retail stores each year. Allergies impact 43% of the households in the survey, 34% experience acid reflux, 33% have high blood pressure, 28% are obese, 25% are closely watching cholesterol and 23% treat themselves for joint pains. Nielsen found 24.8 million households have a diabetic member. The retail spend for diabetics is an estimated $154.1 billion annually. Of that, $92.2 billion is spent on food for diabetics. With 3.9 million households having a need for gluten-free products, the total category spend is worth $26.1 billion. Nielsen reports $16.7 billion for gluten-free foods. Roughly 10.3 million households have someone who is lactose intolerant. Those households spend $63.5 billion on products and $38.9 billion on foods that can be consumed by the lactose intolerant consumers each year, according to Nielsen. Perhaps the biggest opportunity for suppliers and retailers are those households with overweight consumers. There are 34.2 million of households with a total retail spend of $208.6 billion, and a whopping $127 billion is spent on foods. Nielsen said it’s important for retailers and suppliers to learn more about specific health topics and what it takes for consumers to meet their wellness goals. For example, Nielsen found the average diabetic patient takes 5.4 prescription medications for the ailment, and they also purchase an assortment of specific healthcare items disproportionately than the general public. Nielsen said 65% of diabetic consumers also use diets to manage their conditions with diet like buying products with reduced salt, sugar and fat. The health craze is not just about eating better. Nielsen said there is real momentum mounting in probiotic sales from vitamin supplements, yogurt and refrigerated teas. The probiotic space is expanding quickly, as the market share of supplements with probiotic claims has grown to 12%, up 26% in dollar sales from a year ago, Nielsen reports. Nielsen said consumers are also seeking fiber in their diets to promote digestive health with 57% of those surveyed saying fiber content impacts their buying decisions. Nielsen said this is an opportunity for suppliers. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has defined 60% of the products in the canned bean category as an excellent source of fiber. Only 28% of those products, however, include a fiber claim on the package, according to Nielsen. The Nielsen report also found consumers making adjustments because of rising healthcare costs. Some of the trends involve consumers making trade-offs such as taking a prescription less often than recommended (21%); taking an OTC medication first (20%); asking for cheaper alternatives (27%); and sometimes sidestepping the doctor altogether. Nielsen said the health and wellness category holds significant opportunity for manufacturers and suppliers. “Food remains a primary driver in health and wellness, but more than 70% of survey respondents agree that eating right is a challenge,” Nielsen noted in the report. “The upside for manufacturers and retailers, however, is that 70% agree that they can manage their health and wellness through proper nutrition, and that means they’re actively looking for an array of fresh items, clear ingredient listings and transparency about nutrition facts/benefits.” Nielsen said the age of transparency is here, and consumers also want simplicity when it comes to labeling. Consumers are reading labels, and that is shaping their basket purchases. For example, products labeled “gluten free” experienced a combined average growth rate of more than 11% last year. Organic products labeled as such saw a combined sales growth rate of 15% year-over-year. Meanwhile, “natural” and “GMO free” products also had double-digit growth rates last year. Researchers said there is not a one-size-fits all approach to health and wellness. But consumers are pushing the healthy living trend, and it’s up to retailers and suppliers to provide the solutions, noting generalized and ambiguous solutions won’t suffice. In-store clinics and kiosks that provide health services such as blood pressure and body mass index are becoming mainstream in retail pharmacies at Walmart U.S., Sam’s Club and their competitors. Nielsen said these in store clinics provide big opportunities to influence over-the-counter medication sales. Another Nielsen report found 53% of adults who visited a health care clinic in-store, were influenced to buy a retail product as a result of their visit. Other findings were that 36% were influenced to buy OTC medication, 27% bought personal care items, 24% purchased food and 18% were influenced to buy household cleaners. Walmart U.S. operates 18 clinics, with no new openings over the past year. The retailer has said the Walmart Care Clinic is a primary healthcare clinic staffed by licensed nurse practitioners who offer a wide range of services. The clinics are located in Texas, South Carolina and Georgia. The last of the retailer’s clinic opened Nov. 11, 2015. Walmart has kiosks in more than 2,200 of its U.S. stores. In the supercenter in Jane, Mo., Walmart has set aside a portion at the front of the store for medical equipment sales and services for items such as lift chairs and walkers. –––––––––––––––––––– Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. Comments comments Previous post Small business reinvents itself through social media, helps mother recover from the loss of her son Next post Truck drivers shed weight in health challenge, fight high obesity rate Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Estate planning and potential pitfalls Eva Madison Laws that apply to liability lawsuits are changing Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, the politics of color, and celebrating creativity Gov. Asa Hutchinson Touting tourism Latest Popular President Trump signs order to repeal Obama administration’s climate change rules, Arkansas officials cheer 5 hours ago Amazon tax bill rejected on the third attempt as legislative session nears end 7 hours ago Bill restricting guns at sporting events advances after SEC expresses concern 7 hours ago House committee advances school choice bill 7 hours ago Personal income grew 3.2% last year in Arkansas, U.S. average up 3.6% 10 hours ago Fort Smith businessman seeks marijuana cultivation center, working to figure out a new industry 1,672 views Shandong Sun Paper files first permit application with ADEQ, incorporates with new Arkansas name of ‘Sun Bio’ 1,312 views Census estimate shows Northwest Arkansas continues to lead state in pace of population growth 1,249 views Van Buren downtown sees 12% growth in new businesses, more planned 1,136 views Rep. Gray selected to lead Arkansas Democrats 839 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Hot Topics: Man who set himself on fire dies Lafayette suicides Pomerance: End of Boulder? Chautauqua parking changes Sanctuary cities News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Lafayette suicides spotlight increased mental health concerns Boulder County, Colorado inundated by growing mental health crisis, officials say By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   03/27/2017 10:10:47 PM MDT Updated:   03/27/2017 10:29:25 PM MDT A firefighter walks past a burned out car Sunday in the Walmart parking lot in Lafayette. Police say a man set himself and the car on fire. (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer) Related Stories Mar 27: Man who lit himself on fire outside Lafayette Walmart dies Mar 26: Man lights himself, car on fire in Lafayette Walmart parking lot Reported Boulder County suicides by year 2010: 52 2011: 56 2012: 60 2013: 59 2014: 63 2015: 67 Recent suicides in Lafayette have shed light on a mental health crisis that has quietly enveloped Boulder County, according to police, who along with city leaders will roll out an outreach campaign dubbed "Because We Care" over the next few weeks. Two violent and public deaths that occurred within Lafayette — the first, when a man shot himself in front of police outside Flatirons Community Church earlier this month, and another on Sunday as dozens of horrified shoppers looked on while a man set fire to himself and his car in a Walmart parking lot — have left residents in the quiet east Boulder County city at a loss for answers. Many have taken to popular Facebook pages to offer comfort — and even organize outings for grieving members — in response to the wave of unfamiliar tragedy. Advertisement Lafayette leaders are now faced with what police Chief Rick Bashor calls "a serious mental health crisis" gripping the community — an issue that Lafayette, Boulder County and the state as a whole are struggling to right. Bashor, who has served on Lafayette's police force for 34 years, says the recent suicides may be a side effect of a growing mental health crisis in recent years across the community. "When I first started in law enforcement, we would do a 72-hour mental health hold twice a month or so," Bashor said Monday. "Now, oftentimes we see people in need of this once or twice a day. We seem to handle more suicides than we ever did in the past." A 72-hour hold allows for a person with a mental illness to be involuntarily detained for a 72-hour psychiatric hospitalization if the patient is deemed a threat to themselves or others, according to the Welfare and Institutions Code. Last year, Bashor presented his concerns with the increase of mental health calls to the City Council. He suggested exploring a task force aimed at tackling mental health akin to one created by the Colorado Department of Human Services last year and believes the issue poses a stark threat to communities throughout Colorado. The trend is not unique to Lafayette, he said, as Boulder County and state mental health numbers have painted a similar picture in recent years. A total of 52 suicides were reported throughout Boulder County in 2010, according to data provided by the Boulder County Coroner's Office — an increase from 39 reported suicides in 2001. In 2015, the most recent available numbers, 67 suicides were reported in Boulder County, the majority of which were middle-aged males. A report released last year from the Colorado Health Foundation found that the state's suicide rate — one of the highest in the country — had continued upward with 19.4 suicides per 100,000 residents in 2014. That marked an increase from 16.5 suicides per 100,000 residents in 2007. The 2016 study found that 470,000 Coloradans are struggling with mental health issues. "We have certainly noticed an increased need for mental health support," Suzanne Crawford, chief executive for Lafayette's Sister Carmen Community Center, said Monday. "People are very stressed out and people are living in fear in our community for a lot of different reasons." While Sister Carmen usually refers those in crisis to other local centers, Crawford said, the rise in mental health illnesses among the organization's visitors is distinct. It's an illness, she says, that may have some clear symptoms born in recent months. "There's been a lot of fear since the election regarding what the new administration is going to do or not do," she said. "Additionally, housing costs have skyrocketed and many renters are starting to be forced to move out of the area." On Monday, Lafayette officials sent out an email blast to its residents titled "Colorado Crisis Services" with links and contact information for local mental health resources. "Personally, I think that people are under a lot more stress these days," Bashor said. "Financial stress, pressures from life in general, and everything brought on with this information age, we are just on overload. Our senses are being bombarded and the filter has gone off on social media. "I think that a lot of times mental health crises are a private issue for some," he added. "So I think these being out in the public view have really brought the spotlight on the threat they pose. The more we keep an eye out for each other in this small town, the better off we'll be." Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Debate over Erie's Wise Farm development strikes familiar chord Longmont United Hospital closing Homestead adult day program Boulder releases Comp Plan draft, announces open house   BOCOPREPS (Kathy Willens / Associated PRess) BUFFZONE Fairview's Brent Wrapp bows out of NIT semifinals with Cal State-Bakersfield Junior guard struggled in appearance at historic Madison Square Garden It certainly wasn't the finish Brent Wrapp would have preferred. Yet the player few coaches wanted upon his graduation from Fairview High School still was fortunate enough to enjoy another memorable experience on Tuesday in what is turning out to be an accomplished college basketball career. Full Story Roberts races to top US finish at World Championships Track and field: Legacy's Lyle running with confidence Boys basketball: Mead's Ward caps prep career as BoCoPreps.com POY Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Amazon's latest venture goes after Wal-Mart where it hurts Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Amazon Prime members can soon expect another perk    16 Hours Ago | 00:38 Amazon's next foray into physical retail threatens to hit Wal-Mart where it hurts. The online seller said Tuesday that it's testing a service for Prime members that provides free pickup of fresh grocery items in as quickly as 15 minutes. Subscribers can also schedule pick up within a one- or two-hour window. Though the test is only underway in two Seattle neighborhoods and just with Amazon employees, it's a direct challenge to Wal-Mart's grocery pickup service. That service has helped power Wal-Mart's recent sales momentum, including growth in its domestic grocery department last fiscal quarter. That's despite deflationary prices. It also contributed to Wal-Mart's U.S. division growing online sales by 29 percent over the holiday quarter. Wal-Mart last year expanded online grocery to more than 600 locations across 100-plus markets. It will roll it out to roughly 500 more locations this year, a spokeswoman told CNBC. "This model often makes more sense in suburban areas, as the delivery model is often too expensive to execute given the lower population density," Citi analyst Alvin Concepcion wrote in a recent research note. "It can also be convenient for customers to schedule their grocery pickup window when they're getting off of work or some other routine time." Concepcion estimates that for retailers who are the first in their market to offer these so-called click-and-collect services, roughly 60 percent of the sales are incremental. Like Amazon's test, Wal-Mart's version of grocery pickup allows shoppers to place their orders online and have food loaded into their cars as soon as later that day. But while Citi found that Wal-Mart's prices are often lower, it has more restrictions. When CNBC tried to place an order at the retailer's Lake Mary, Florida, location, at 10:20 a.m. Tuesday, the earliest available one-hour pickup slot for the selected items was Wednesday between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m. Generally speaking, orders placed by 1 a.m. will be available for pickup starting at 8 a.m., and orders placed by 10 a.m. will be available from 4 p.m., according to the Wal-Mart spokeswoman. Unlike Amazon's version, which has no order minimum, the vast majority of Wal-Mart's markets require a $30 minimum, the spokeswoman said. However, Wal-Mart's service is free once that order threshold is reached. An annual Prime membership, which is required to use Amazon's service, costs $99. The stakes are high for Wal-Mart. Groceries accounted for 56 percent of the chain's revenue in fiscal 2016, making it the market share leader. Cowen & Co. analyst John Blackledge estimates Amazon's market share will jump from ninth place in 2017 to third place by 2021. That doesn't mean growth will be easy. Fresh food is one of the hardest things for retailers to get right, as it requires frequent deliveries and fast sales to avoid spoiling. Grocery is also a notoriously low-margin business, which will see even lower profits as online selling grows, Concepcion said. Amazon's experiments with fresh food have already been slow going. The retailer in October slashed the $299 upfront membership fee for its AmazonFresh service, in favor of a monthly $14.99 charge. And on Monday, The Wall Street Journal reported that Amazon Go — a convenience store that eliminates the cash register — will delay its public launch as it works out the kinks. Broadly speaking, groceries have been less susceptible to the shift toward online shopping, as customers by and large still prefer to select their produce by hand. According to Cowen's estimates, less than 5 percent of U.S. grocery sales were completed online last year. That compares with roughly 20 percent for clothing and accessories. However, as millennial customers get more comfortable with these types of services, Cowen projects online selling could account for 12 percent of grocery revenue by 2022. That would nonetheless earn it a last-place ranking among the eight categories Cowen tracks. — CNBC's Jeff Daniels contributed to this report Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Import tax talk casts shadow on Walmart hoopla in Mobile Print Email John Sharp | jsharp@al.com By John Sharp | jsharp@al.com Press-Register Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 28, 2017 at 10:12 AM, updated March 28, 2017 at 10:40 AM comments Walmart is expected to bring in more than 500 jobs with the opening of a new distribution center in Mobile, County, Ala. (file photo) No company in the U.S. plies the oceans like Walmart does. It's the nation's No. 1 retail importer of electronics, clothing and thousands more goods sold in its mammoth collection of stores. So it's no surprise to see Walmart find interest in establishing a distribution center in coastal Alabama, home to one of the largest shipping ports along the Gulf of Mexico. But political haranguing over tax reform in Washington, D.C., could place a cloud over an otherwise sunny celebration Wednesday in Mobile to herald the imminent ground breaking on a new $126.9 million distribution center west of Mobile on Interstate 10. President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans are openly discussing sweeping changes to the federal tax code. Among the hallmarks of that plan could be a new border adjustment tax, or commonly referred to as an "import tax," which major retailers vehemently oppose. American retailers are the biggest importers of ocean containers into the U.S., and Walmart leads the way, along with companies like Target, Home Depot and Lowe's. In Mobile, hundreds of trucks will haul goods from the port to the new mega-distribution center once it opens in mid-2018. But if Congress enacts a border adjustment tax, said Philip Mixon, associate professor of economics at Troy University,  "Walmart will have to make adjustment to their current operation procedures to accommodate that." Added Semoon Chang, an economist with the Gulf Coast Center for Impact Studies: "Assuming it is adopted, it is likely to affect profitability of the Walmart distribution center negatively." Concern and support Economists are weighing the costs and benefits of the possible tax, which is likely to get increased scrutiny in the coming weeks as Congress shifts its focus from last week's failure to adopt an alternative to ObamaCare. Basically, the border adjustment plan would replace the 35 percent corporate income tax with a 20 percent tax on a company's domestic sales and imported goods. Exports would be exempt from the levy. The plan, touted initially by Trump as a way to generate revenue to pay for a U.S.-Mexico border wall, is backed by Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. Critics, including major U.S. retailers, argue that the tax will drive up consumer costs on imported items such as cell phones, clothes and household goods. Brett Biggs, the CFO of Walmart, said last month that the retailer generally favors tax reform but not when it involves taxing imports. He said the boarder adjustment tax would "potentially raise prices for our customers." The National Retail Federation forecasts that prices would cost the average American family an extra $1,700 a year. "We are a strong believer in tax reform," said Nancy Dennis, spokeswoman with the Alabama Retail Association. "We just don't think this is the way to do it." Supporters claim the tax is important toward protecting U.S. businesses by incentivizing domestic manufacturing while maintaining employment within the country. The success of the tax also hedges on an assumption that the U.S. dollar will rise by 20 percent in value, thus encouraging companies to invest in the U.S. With a stronger dollar, supporters claim, demand will rise for American-made products. Economists have been mostly skeptical that the dollar would increase that much to offset the increased costs. Support groups include American Made Coalition and the U.S. Business and Industry Council. The ultra-conservative House Freedom Caucus, which was blamed for torpedoing the Republican's health care bill last week, has hinted in supporting tax cuts even if there is a new import tax attached to it. Some Republicans in Congress are lining up to oppose. Among them is U.S. Sen. John McCain of Arizona, who said a border tax implemented on neighboring Mexico would "destroy Arizona's economy." In Alabama, U.S. Rep. Bradley Byrne, R-Fairhope, has "serious concerns" about the proposal, and has shared those concerns with the House Ways and Means Committee, according to a spokesman. The border adjustment tax, if included in an overall tax reform package, would first surface this year in the Ways and Means Committee. Other Alabama lawmakers, while not weighing in specifically on the border tax, are expressing general support toward reforming the tax code. "Alabamians deserve a simpler, flatter tax code that allows families to keep more money in their pockets and employers to hire more workers," said Republican Sen. Luther Strange. "They deserve an IRS that works for taxpayers, and not against them. Getting this right is a top priority for me, and along with my colleagues, I'm listening to experts and considering a variety of ideas to get our economy booming again." Walmart impact In Mobile, where the Alabama State Port Authority manages one of the nation's largest ports, officials are citing their concerns about increased taxes on goods imported into the city. The location of the new Walmart distribution center in Mobile County, Ala., off Interstate 10 near Grand Bay. (file photo) Walmart, itself, is planning for more than 600 truckloads that will traverse along Interstate 10 between the State Docks and the new distribution center. "It's been widely reported the proposed cross border adjustment fees could top 20 percent for imported materials and goods regardless of country origin," said Judith Adams, spokeswoman with the Alabama State Port Authority. "There have also been some reports of offsets through lower corporate income tax rates. Regardless of how the border adjustment shakes out, concerns will focus on pass through costs to the consumer, possible trade conflicts with supplier nations and ultimately the bottom line for our regional manufacturing and retail investors." She added, "We have concerns and are eager to see what the (Trump) administration proposes." Jim Barth, the Lowder Eminent Scholar in Finance at Auburn University, spoke of the tax's likely effect on Walmart's distribution centers. "Obviously, it raises costs, and those costs are passed on to their customers either partially or completely," said Barth. "That could lead to a lessened demand for the products being sold to Walmart subject to such a tax." Barth also believes that other countries may retaliate and impose an added tax on U.S. imports. For now, the Trump administration seems split on the issue, particularly as the tax causes anxiety among car manufacturers. According to U.S. Census figures, automobile parts are among the biggest imported items into Alabama. Chang, the Mobile-based economist, said he believes the tax "will trigger" a challenge to the World Trade Organization by its trading partners, "if not outright retaliation" against the U.S., which would create woes for companies like Walmart. Ahmad Ijaz, executive director of economic forecasting in the University of Alabama's Center for Business and Economic Research, said it's simply too early to tell what might happen. "I don't think they have figured out what would be taxed and what is not going to be taxed and what commodities and from what countries," he said. "It's all up in the air right now." And Ijaz said he doubts that distribution centers such as those owned by Walmart would feel much impact. "A company like Walmart can absorb a lot of those costs, too, in order to stay competitive." It's the consumers, he said, whose wallets could get hit the hardest. "They just pass along the costs to the consumers," he said. "If it has any impact, it will be toward the end consumers. It shouldn't have an impact on distribution." Must-see concerts in Alabama this year ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Has a Unique Way to Cut Down on Shoplifting The company has a program that avoids calling the police. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Mar 28, 2017 at 10:01AM Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) has taken the law into its own hands. No, the company has not started its own jail, and any employee who wears a cape and fights crime must still do so on their own time. Instead, the retail chain has taken a new approach to fighting shoplifting that requires less involvement from the police. The retailer has been using a "restorative justice" program in 1,500 of its stores, according to The Gainesville Sun. That's a program where people deemed low-risk, first-time offenders are given the choice of paying to take an anti-shoplifting course rather than facing arrest and prosecution. The effort is in its early days, but the results have been good so far. The company has seen a 35% reduction in calls to law enforcement nationwide since restorative justice programs were first implemented, Wal-Mart spokesman Ragan Dickens told The Sun in an email. "No retailer is immune to the challenge of crime. We recognize the importance of this issue at the highest levels of the company, and we are investing in people and technology to support our stores," he wrote, noting that police are not being cut out of the loop. Alleged shoplifters who get the chance to participate in the course must pay a fee to take it. The company does not disclose what it charges, but the paper noted that "the rate of repeat theft is low among those who have gone through the program." If that proves to be true over a national rollout for the long run, then the company could save some serious money. Wal-Mart's large, often crowded stores can make it harder to stop shoplifters. Image source: Wal-Mart. How big a problem is shoplifting? The 2016 National Retail Security Survey (NRSS), conducted by the National Retail Federation (NRF) and Dr. Richard Hollinger of the University of Florida, shows that shrinkage (theft including shoplifting and employees stealing) cost retailers $45.2 billion in 2015. That's 1.38% of total sales and for the second year in a row shoplifting "has surpassed employee theft as the greatest cause of inventory shrink," according to the study. The NRSS found that the average loss per shoplifting incident was $377, a nearly $60 increase from 2014. The cost of employees stealing actually dropped from $1,546.83 to $1,233.77 year over year. "Loss prevention professionals continue to do an exceptional job at locating the issues and finding solutions to prevent additional loss in their retail stores," said NRSS lead author Hollinger in a press reelase. "It is important for retailers to continue building relationships with law enforcement and leverage new technologies that can further provide protection to their assets, customers and employees." Why is Wal-Mart doing this? Wal-Mart's hours and relatively lean staffing for the size of its stores means that in some, maybe many cases, the chain is impacted by shoplifters more than other retailers. "At night, they're the only place that's open, and where Wal-Mart is the dominant retailer, they're pulling in visitors from all over," Charles Fishman, author of The Wal-Mart Effect, told . "They can easily generate more traffic than the whole town. By pure numbers, the crime is going to be where the people are." In the same Time article, Burt Flickinger, managing director at Strategic Resource Group, a retail consulting firm, estimated that for every dollar in sales, Wal-Mart loses roughly $0.02 to shoplifters. He noted that rivals like Cocsto or WinCo, a regional supermarket chain, lose less than a penny for each dollar in sales. Clearly that incentivizes Wal-Mart to change how it handles shoplifting. Adding more employees in general or in loss prevention might help catch more people, but the restorative justice program could actually lower repeat incidences of shoplifting without increasing costs for the chain. That's a big win for Wal-Mart, but it's also a model that might begin to make a dent in the $45.2 billion in shrinkage the industry experienced in 2015 should other retailers adopt it as well. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Mar 28, 2017 at 10:01AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.32 up $0.66 (0.95%) Read More Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Wal-Mart Tried to Take on Amazon Prime and Failed Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wal-Mart Has a Unique Way to Cut Down on Shoplifting @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart’s Jet.Com Charged Me Sales Tax On Tax-Exempt Items. What Can I Do? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Sections Return to Top Confusing Customer Service Can I Get My Money Back? Walmart’s Jet.Com Charged Me Sales Tax On Tax-Exempt Items. What Can I Do? March 28, 2017 9:00 am EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk gimme my money jet.com online retailers retail sales tax tax exemptions We understand that sales taxes can be a nightmare for a retailer trying to sell to everyone everywhere at once. What’s taxed in one state is tax-exempt in another, and then a third state only taxes that product above a certain dollar value. Most major online retailers have figured out this mess, but what do you do when a website charges you tax on an item that you know is exempt? Consumerist reader “Adam” lives in New York state and shops on Walmart-owned Jet.com, but he says the site has repeatedly added taxes to items that are exempted under New York law. Making matters worse, when Adam tries to address this problem with Jet, the retailer has either not answered or provided confusing responses with conflicting information. Confusing Customer ServiceImage courtesy of Matt Reinbold Section Permalink Bookmark Section Share on Facebook Share on Twitter In one incident, a customer service agent told Adam via email that the way Jet’s system works, certain products aren’t set up to automatically remove sales tax from exempt items when customers purchase them. The rep thanked him for bringing the issue to the company, and promised to forward it on to the correct department to “get it taken care of” in the system. But then the agent muddied the waters even more by informing him, nonsensically, that “the law does not pertain to e-commerce, only for drug stores and pharmacies.” Couldn’t Jet just issue a refund for the small amount of tax he’d been charged? No, but Jet did give Adam two options: Return the item for a full refund or keep it and get a Jet.com credit in the amount of the tax. Seeing For Ourselves Curious to see if we could replicate Adam’s experience, we shopped on Jet for items that are supposed to be exempt from sales tax in New York. While many of the tax exempt items we put in our basket did indeed show up as untaxed, the site tried to tax us for eye drops and tampons, despite both being exempt from sales tax in New York (see here and here.) Since the Jet shopping cart doesn’t break out tax on a per-item basis, we were able to show that it was these two items by removing only them from our cart and seeing the estimated tax drop to $0 for the remaining items: True, $1.03 is an error that won’t break most folks’ bank accounts, but it’s money the shopper — by law — isn’t required to pay. Not Just New York Jet.com doesn’t collect sales tax in all states, but we were able to confirm that it is collecting incorrect taxes in at least three states. In addition to New York, we found items in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts that were hit with a sales tax, despite being exempt in those states. For Pennsylvania, our attempted purchase of knitting yarn and condoms would have been taxed, despite state laws saying otherwise. For Massachusetts, it was a King James Bible; religious texts are exempt from sales tax under Massachusetts law. We should note that these same types of purchases made on Walmart.com did not result in sales tax, indicating that Walmart and its new subsidiary are not yet sharing the same e-commerce technology. Is This Legal? We contacted officials in all three states to get a sense of whether Jet could be in any legal or regulatory hot water, and not a single state tax agency or attorney general’s office was willing to go on the record. Tax experts we spoke to did say that Jet would likely only be in trouble if it was collecting taxes erroneously and not then giving that money back to the state. For example, under New York state law, anyone who “fails to remit any tax collected in the name of the state” could be committing tax fraud. However, a representative for Jet tells Consumerist that “Jet collects all necessary sales tax and remits it directly” to the states. Can I Get My Money Back?Image courtesy of Tracy O Section Permalink Bookmark Section Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Even if an online retailer isn’t breaking the law, someone — whether it’s the state or the website — still has money that should be in your wallet. Jet.com confirmed to Consumerist that customers who are erroneously charged sales tax are due a refund, but how exactly you get that refund remains a bit of a mystery. “In the event there is an error, and Jet inadvertently collected tax on an item a specific state treats as exempt, Jet refunds the tax directly to the customer and works to correct the system issue moving forward,” says a spokesperson. So why was Adam unable to get a refund on just the incorrectly taxed amounts? The only option given to him was for store credit; aside from that being rude on principle, it’s useless if someone has no intention of shopping on Jet again. The spokesperson claims that the refund can be a credit on their Jet.com account or a credit applied to their credit card, but she didn’t answer our question about what steps customers should take to get a refund on an erroneously charged tax. We also asked how long it typically takes for Jet to address the systemic issues that are causing these errors, noting that Adam has attempted to buy the same item for more than a year, and sales tax is still being applied incorrectly. The spokesperson would only refer Consumerist to the company’s previous statement regarding its internal system, saying that it will “look into the matter and resolve any issues as quickly as possible.” As of March 27, the item Adam has tried to purchase — and notified Jet.com customer service about — still has sales tax applied for New York customers when we checked. Another option There is another route customers can take if they’re finding themselves stymied by Jet’s refund process: Online retailers are required to remit any sales tax they collect to the state in question, but if that sales tax wasn’t supposed to be collected in the first place, consumers may be able to go directly to their state tax department for a refund after the fact. In New York, for example, taxpayers can file form AU-11 [PDF]with a receipt of the purchase included and the state will refund any erroneously charged sales tax. “Consumers who believe Pennsylvania sales tax was incorrectly charged have options,” says a rep for the PA Dept. of Revenue. “The first step is to request a refund from the retailer. If that is unsuccessful, a consumer can file a petition for refund from the department’s Board of Appeals if the company has remitted the sales tax to us.” Information on filing a petition can be found here, though it looks like much of this site has not been maintained in several years. March 28, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk gimme my money jet.com online retailers retail sales tax tax exemptions Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related a taxing situation Congress Looking At New, “Simplified” Way For States To Collect Online Sales Tax pretty weird Ulta Has A Great Return Policy, Except For Keeping My Sales Tax quill killer States Hungry For Online Sales Tax Looking At Challenge To South Dakota Law good while it lasted Minnesotans Only Have A Week Of “Tax-Free” Shopping Left On Amazon what's in a label? Walmart To Pay $1M For Mislabeled “Degradable” Plastic Products Previous Coca-Cola Plant In Northern Ireland Closed After Human Waste Found In Some Cans Next Elon Musk Forming Company Dedicated To Merging Humans With Machines Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Elon Musk Forming Company Dedicated To Merging Humans With Machines Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News Nice-Pak® Wins Walmart’s Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award Walmart awards Nice-Pak with first-ever award specific to private brand suppliers ORANGEBURG, N.Y., March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Nice-Pak is honored to receive the Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award from Walmart, one of the company's largest customers. Walmart's Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award is new for Walmart in FYE 2017 and was awarded to Nice-Pak as a result of their overall collaboration with product innovation, thought leadership and category insights. Nice-Pak was presented with the award at the Walmart Growth Forum Conference in Bentonville, AR, on February 16, 2017. "To participate in a conference with so many great suppliers, your industry peers, and the leadership from the Walmart Consumables Team, and be awarded the Supplier of the Year for Private Brands is both an extraordinary and humbling experience.  Our Walmart support team at Nice-Pak and the Nice-Pak cross-functional teams have an enormous amount of pride in being the best that we can with our business responsibilities, and I think this recognition is a culmination of our collective efforts," said Scott Wedding, VP Sales, Walmart Team Lead. "We look forward to growing our relationship and continuing our work together." Nice-Pak has been a Walmart supplier for over 35 years, proudly supplying both branded and private brand products that are manufactured in the USA. Nice-Pak has been the proud recipient of Walmart supplier awards in the past including the 2014 Corporate Responsibility Award from the consumables and health and wellness teams, as well as the 2013 Certification of Appreciation Award. Today, Nice-Pak is the world's leading producer of wet wipes, creating wipes for just about anything that requires cleaning, sanitizing, or disinfecting. About Nice-Pak Nice-Pak, founded in 1957, is the global leader in the design, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of premium quality branded and private label pre-moistened wipes. Headquartered in Orangeburg, NY, Nice-Pak has a track record of introducing innovative products that help to improve people's health and wellness through the consumer, healthcare, and professional business channels. Brands for Nice-Pak include Nice 'n Clean®, Grime Boss®, and Wet-Nap®. Visit nicepak.com. SOURCE Nice-Pak CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Beverages, Business, Companies, company, Food & beverages, Health, Industry, private, Retail, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CAGW Releases March 2017 WasteWatcher Next PostNext Form 8 (DD) – Standard Life PLC Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News Nice-Pak® Wins Walmart’s Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award Walmart awards Nice-Pak with first-ever award specific to private brand suppliers ORANGEBURG, N.Y., March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Nice-Pak is honored to receive the Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award from Walmart, one of the company's largest customers. Walmart's Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award is new for Walmart in FYE 2017 and was awarded to Nice-Pak as a result of their overall collaboration with product innovation, thought leadership and category insights. Nice-Pak was presented with the award at the Walmart Growth Forum Conference in Bentonville, AR, on February 16, 2017. "To participate in a conference with so many great suppliers, your industry peers, and the leadership from the Walmart Consumables Team, and be awarded the Supplier of the Year for Private Brands is both an extraordinary and humbling experience.  Our Walmart support team at Nice-Pak and the Nice-Pak cross-functional teams have an enormous amount of pride in being the best that we can with our business responsibilities, and I think this recognition is a culmination of our collective efforts," said Scott Wedding, VP Sales, Walmart Team Lead. "We look forward to growing our relationship and continuing our work together." Nice-Pak has been a Walmart supplier for over 35 years, proudly supplying both branded and private brand products that are manufactured in the USA. Nice-Pak has been the proud recipient of Walmart supplier awards in the past including the 2014 Corporate Responsibility Award from the consumables and health and wellness teams, as well as the 2013 Certification of Appreciation Award. Today, Nice-Pak is the world's leading producer of wet wipes, creating wipes for just about anything that requires cleaning, sanitizing, or disinfecting. About Nice-Pak Nice-Pak, founded in 1957, is the global leader in the design, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of premium quality branded and private label pre-moistened wipes. Headquartered in Orangeburg, NY, Nice-Pak has a track record of introducing innovative products that help to improve people's health and wellness through the consumer, healthcare, and professional business channels. Brands for Nice-Pak include Nice 'n Clean®, Grime Boss®, and Wet-Nap®. Visit nicepak.com. SOURCE Nice-Pak CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Beverages, Business, Companies, company, Food & beverages, Health, Industry, private, Retail, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CAGW Releases March 2017 WasteWatcher Next PostNext Form 8 (DD) – Standard Life PLC Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,702 +150.52 +0.73% Nasdaq 5,875 +34.77 +0.60% S&P 500 2,359 +16.98 +0.73% 2:59 A.M. ET TUI reaffirms growth target as bookings meet views 2:58 A.M. ET Game Digital profit falls 27% on game launches 2:57 A.M. ET Johnston Press swings to loss as print declines 2:57 A.M. ET Saga hikes dividend after profit rises 10% 2:56 A.M. ET French consumer confidence unchanged in March 2:21 A.M. ET Updated British pound under pressure on Brexit trigger-day 2:20 A.M. ET BHP Billiton looks at Aussie iron ore investment 2:20 A.M. ET Fosun profit rises 28% for 2016 on lower taxes 2:15 A.M. ET Updated New £1 coin has a secret feature — and everyone is baffled by it 2:14 A.M. ET Updated Avoid ‘being short with the crowd’ — how to trade the pound as May pulls Brexit trigger 3/28 FDA OKs Genentech multiple-sclerosis drug Ocrevus 3/28 Toshiba board approves Westinghouse bankruptcy filing 3/28 Asia-Pacific stocks post gains after Wall Street’s rebound 3/28 Japan retail sales gain slightly in February 3/28 Satellite images show North Korea may be planning nuclear test 3/28 Updated Investor makes $750,000 flipping Donald Trump’s childhood home in Queens 3/28 Updated Tinder: Coming soon to a bigger computer screen near you 3/28 Updated ‘Made in the USA’ was only No. 10 in this ranking of national labels 3/28 More states look to expand Medicare after health-care bill’s failure 3/28 Updated Your browser history can now be sold to advertisers without your consent Log In My MarketWatch Home Press Release Nice-Pak® Wins Walmart's Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award By Published: Mar 28, 2017 9:38 a.m. ET Share Walmart awards Nice-Pak with first-ever award specific to private brand suppliers ORANGEBURG, N.Y., March 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Nice-Pak is honored to receive the Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award from Walmart, one of the company's largest customers. Walmart's Private Brand Supplier of the Year Award is new for Walmart in FYE 2017 and was awarded to Nice-Pak as a result of their overall collaboration with product innovation, thought leadership and category insights. Nice-Pak was presented with the award at the Walmart Growth Forum Conference in Bentonville, AR, on February 16, 2017. "To participate in a conference with so many great suppliers, your industry peers, and the leadership from the Walmart Consumables Team, and be awarded the Supplier of the Year for Private Brands is both an extraordinary and humbling experience.  Our Walmart support team at Nice-Pak and the Nice-Pak cross-functional teams have an enormous amount of pride in being the best that we can with our business responsibilities, and I think this recognition is a culmination of our collective efforts," said Scott Wedding, VP Sales, Walmart Team Lead. "We look forward to growing our relationship and continuing our work together." Nice-Pak has been a Walmart supplier for over 35 years, proudly supplying both branded and private brand products that are manufactured in the USA. Nice-Pak has been the proud recipient of Walmart supplier awards in the past including the 2014 Corporate Responsibility Award from the consumables and health and wellness teams, as well as the 2013 Certification of Appreciation Award. Today, Nice-Pak is the world's leading producer of wet wipes, creating wipes for just about anything that requires cleaning, sanitizing, or disinfecting. About Nice-Pak Nice-Pak, founded in 1957, is the global leader in the design, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of premium quality branded and private label pre-moistened wipes. Headquartered in Orangeburg, NY, Nice-Pak has a track record of introducing innovative products that help to improve people's health and wellness through the consumer, healthcare, and professional business channels. Brands for Nice-Pak include Nice 'n Clean®, Grime Boss®, and Wet-Nap®. Visit nicepak.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nice-pak-wins-walmarts-private-brand-supplier-of-the-year-award-300430369.html SOURCE Nice-Pak Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco House panel passes bill to audit the Fed People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery Luxury Real Estate A look at David Rockefeller’s real estate gifts View More SectorWatch This is the future of air travel View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Products↓ Fruit Apples & Pears Avocados Bananas Berries Citrus Exotics Grapes Kiwifruit Mangoes & Papayas Melons Tomatoes Pineapples Stonefruit Dried Fruit & Nuts Vegetables Artichokes Asparagus Aubergines Brassicas Exotic Vegetables Leafy & Salad Vegetables Mushrooms Onions & Garlic Peas & Beans Peppers & Squashes Potatoes Root Vegetables Sweetcorn Other Products Flowers Herbs Topics↓ Asia Fruit Logistica Audio Brexit Bushel Box Charity China: Market Focus Comment & Analysis Consumers Convenience Crime Data Economics & Finance Education Environment Events Exotics Fairtrade & CSR Features Food Safety & Certification Foodservice Fresh Focus Chile Fruit Logistica Global Berry Congress Government Health Interviews Local Sourcing Marketing Mergers & Acquisitions Money Organics Packaging & Technology People Podcasts Production & Trade Recruitment & Training Research & Development Retail & Distribution The Importer Transport & Logistics Videos Week in pictures Wholesale Countries↓ Americas Americas Argentina Bahamas Bermuda Bolivia Brazil Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Honduras Jamaica Mexico Nicaragua North America Panama Peru South America Suriname United States Uruguay Venezuela Europe, Middle East & Africa Afghanistan Africa Albania Algeria Armenia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cameroon Cape Verde Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Egypt England Estonia Ethiopia Europe Finland France Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Hungary Iceland Iran, Islamic Republic of Ireland Israel Italy Jordan Kenya Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malta Mauritius Middle East Moldova, Republic of Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Namibia Netherlands Nigeria Norway Oman Palestinian Territory, Occupied Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South-East Europe Spain Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Tanzania, United Republic of Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Zimbabwe Asia-Pacific Asia Australia Bangladesh Bhutan British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Cambodia China Fiji French Polynesia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Laos Macao Malaysia Myanmar Nepal New Caledonia New Zealand Pakistan Papua New Guinea Philippines Samoa Singapore Sri Lanka Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Tonga Turkmenistan United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Magazines↓ Americafruit Americafruit Americafruit is the news and information service for fresh produce buyers in North America. Eurofruit Eurofruit Eurofruit is Europe's leading source of fresh produce news and analysis Asiafruit Asiafruit Asiafruit is the leading international magazine for fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia. Fruitnet Live Fruitnet Live Fruitnet Live organises the world’s leading fresh produce conference and networking events. Fresh Produce Journal Fresh Produce Journal Fresh Produce Journal is Britain's favourite fresh produce industry magazine since 1895. Produce Plus Produce Plus Produce Plus is the leading magazine for fresh produce marketing in Australia and New Zealand. Events↓ Asiafruit Congress Asiafruit Congress 5 September 2017, HONG KONG (China) Asia's premier conference event for the fresh produce business takes place in Hong Kong alongside ASIA FRUIT LOGISTICA. 400+ delegates from 40 countries. Eurofruit Business Forum @ WOP Dubai Eurofruit Business Forum @ WOP Dubai 13-15 November 2016, DUBAI (UAE) Organised by Eurofruit, information sessions on the show floor at WOP-Dubai 2016 with entry FREE to all exhibitors and visitors at the exhibition. Global Berry Congress Global Berry Congress 27-29 March 2017, ROTTERDAM (The Netherlands) The annual conference event of choice for the international berry business. Attracts more than 350 of the world's top berry players. Asia Fruit Logistica Asia Fruit Logistica 6-8 September 2017, HONG KONG(China) Asia's leading fresh produce trade show. More than 8,000 visitors and almost 500 exhibitors. Up by 25 per cent in 2014. Fruit Logistica Fruit Logistica 8 February 2017, BERLIN (Germany) The world's premier international fresh fruit and vegetable exhibition with 2,884 exhibitors and 70,000 visitors. Fresh Produce India Fresh Produce India 27-28 April 2017, MUMBAI (India) India's leading fresh produce conference and networking event. More than 250 delegates from India and rest of the world. Organised by Asiafruit Magazine. Fresh Produce Forum China Fresh Produce Forum China 23-25 May 2017, CHENGDU (China) 2nd China Conference powered by Asiafruit Magazine and ASIA FRUIT LOGISTICA FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress 4 May 2017, Belfry Hotel & Resort, Birmingham (United Kingdom) The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress is the number-one platform for fresh produce leaders to meet and discuss the future of the trade Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe 29-30 November 2016, BELGRADE (Serbia) A brand new fresh produce industry event offering access to the latest market insight and unparalleled business opportunities in the region of South-East Europe Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress 21-22 September 2017, DÜSSELDORF (Germany) The German Fruit & Vegetable Congress (DOGK) is a one-day event with presentations in the plenary and parallel forums to all important and current topics and issues throughout the supply chain. European Tomato Forum European Tomato Forum 1-2 June 2017, Düsseldorf, Germany From seed to fork. Europe's new networking and information platform for the entire tomato sector. Go ↓in any time period Any time period Past 24 hours Past week Past month Past year  Login Email address Password LoginLogin Forgotten your password? Subscribe Now Homepage (Asiafruit) Latest News More about Asiafruit Event calendar Subscribe Contacts Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia Luisa Cheshire BY LUISA CHESHIRE facebook pinterest linkedin twitter googleplus Download PDF Print Tuesday 28th March 2017, 19:29 Hong Kong Walmart to open 50 new stores in India US retail giant Walmart is planning to open 50 new cash-and-carry stores across India over the next four years Related Articles 1Ekland presents new board line-up 2Decco redefines post-harvest 3Apple imports shine in India 4Sinclair’s latest innovation hits the mark 5Top container lines to face US court 6Vanguard opens California office 7India reopens to Vietnamese dragonfruit 8Subscribers onlyCA citrus soaks up rains 9Testing times for Chilean grapes 10APL launches Japan Express service US retail giant Walmart plans to open 50 new stores in India as it seeks to ramp up operations in the cash-and-carry segment, while also eyeing food retail if the government eases regulations, reports the Times of India (TOI). The 50 new stores will be opened over the next three-to-four years across key focus states, the report said. A Walmart spokesperson told the paper that Walmart's commitment to India is "very deep". "Our development team is growing this store pipeline for the last couple of years and we're confident of continuing our contribution to the creation of thousands of skilled jobs, helpings kiranas, farmers and SME suppliers succeed through our cash-and-carry business,"  the spokesperson said. Sources told TOI that Walmart, which currently has 20 outlets across the country, is planning to open 20 of its new stores in the two northern states, Uttar Pradesh (UP) and Uttarakhand, where BJP recently swept to power. In addition, the US retailer plans to open 10 stores each in Maharashtra (where it currently operates its 'Best Price outlets in Amravati and Aurangabad), Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. Walmart is looking at two more stores in Lucknow in addition to Ghaziabad, Noida, Kanpur, Allahabad, Haridwar, Dehradun and Haldwani. With each store providing direct and indirect employment to 2,000-2,500 persons, the company may end up creating over 40,000 jobs in UP and Uttarakhand, TOI said. The sources told TOI that the retailer, which parted ways with Bharti a few years ago and had put its store expansion on hold, sees enormous opportunity in UP and Uttarakhand where there is little competition from others (such as Metro AG and Reliance) operating in the cash-and-carry format. Cash-and-carry stores are wholesale outlets, which are only allowed to sell to retailers, canteens and hotels. Walmart is, however, understood to be awaiting clarity on the food retail guidelines as it does not want to limit itself to domestically produced and manufactured food products, TOI said.  Comments (0) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Sign up for free news updatesGo Popular news Read: LatestMost read 1Zespri opens new Dubai office 2Ekland presents new board line-up 3Walmart to open 50 new stores in India 4Churchill Fellowship opens to Aus industry 5Decco redefines post-harvest 6Vietnam pegged as convenience hotspot 7Camouflage sensors set to boost fruit cargo freshness 8Apple imports shine in India 9Trade policy central to NZ growth 10Aid project boosts Indonesia's farming capabilities 1Spanish port strike to go ahead 2Mindanao must endure El Niño 3Hamburg Süd tests low-sulphur fuel 4Apple imports shine in India 5Aid project boosts Indonesia's farming capabilities 6T&G celebrates in Thailand 7Zespri sets sail for 2017 8Vietnam pegged as convenience hotspot 9Alibaba tackles food fraud 10Sun World wins PBR injunction case Upcoming Events March to May 2017 Global Berry Congress ROTTERDAM (The Netherlands) 27-29 March 2017 Fresh Produce India MUMBAI (India) 27-28 April 2017 FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress Belfry Hotel & Resort, Birmingham (United Kingdom) 4 May 2017  Keep informed...  Twitter  Blog  Podcasts  Video  RSS Feed  Instagram Sign up for free news updatesGo Features & Analysis Strong first half for Costa Australia’s leading fresh produce group saw pre-tax profits rise 26.6 per cent, boosted by a “solid performance” across its four core categories Online dating for fresh produce They describe themselves as the matchmakers of fresh produce – but what does this latest wave of fruit and veg e-commerce platforms offer suppliers? SH topfruit forecast revealed World Apple and Pear Association forecasts fall in Southern Hemisphere topfruit production in 2016 Agrofresh in Plant & Food agreement Two organisations establish a formal science, technology and business cooperation agreement Alibaba to promote Chilean fruits Chilean Fruit Exporters Association signs agreement with e-commerce giant to promote and sell Chilean blueberries and cherries in China Australia has little to gain from TPP The Trans Pacific Partnership will not deliver any significant benefits for Australia’s horticulture trade, argues market analyst Wayne Prowse Subscribers onlyGiles: Much more to come from Asia Promar International divisional director John Giles asks whether we are merely at the tip of the iceberg of Asian market growth Kiwifruit shines in Japan Leading Japanese importer hails “amazing” market performance for kiwifruit, which enjoyed record results in June Central finds new outlet for convenience Thai retailer working with its new convenience store chain partner FamilyMart to develop a fresh produce offering for consumers on-the-go NZ trade mission to Taiwan Thirty delegates from New Zealand will head to Taiwan on a trade mission to celebrate the ANZTEC agreement Industry Events PreviousNext Asiafruit Congress Global Berry Congress Asia Fruit Logistica Fresh Produce India Fresh Produce Forum China FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress European Tomato Forum Latest Tweets Asiafruit @asiafruit People want health AND enjoyment. See the #freshproduce future â€“ download Part 1 of @FRUIT_LOGISTICAâ€™s free report:â€¦ Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Growers are the new marketing heroes. See the #freshproduce future â€“ download Pt1 of @FRUIT_LOGISTICAâ€™s free reportâ€¦ Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Ekland presents new board line-up Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Walmart to open 50 new stores in India Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit The value chain is changingâ€¦ See the #freshproduce future. Download Part 1 of @FRUIT_LOGISTICAâ€™s free report:â€¦ Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Amazon is changing the fruit trade. See the #freshproduce future â€“ download Pt 1 of @FRUIT_LOGISTICAâ€™s free report:â€¦ Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Churchill Fellowship opens to Aus industry Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Decco redefines post-harvest Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Vietnam pegged as convenience hotspot Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Instant gratification is a big trend. See the #freshproduce future â€“ download Pt1 of @FRUIT_LOGISTICAâ€™s free reportâ€¦ Click here TwitterFollow Us For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia Event calendar Contacts Disclaimer Refund Policy Site map Disclaimer Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net © Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 2017Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 132 Wandsworth Road, London, SW8 2LB, United Kingdom, Registration No. 1142 312 Cookie Policy Fruitnet.com would like to place cookies on your computer to help us make this website better. To find out more about the cookies, see our privacy policy. Don't accept Fruitnet.com cookies Accept Fruitnet.com cookies
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Westfield liquor store to close, sells license to Walmart walmart-store-entrance.JPG Walmart plans to open a 5,000-square-foot alcohol sales area at its Westfield store, said Craig Worrall, owner of Pop the Cork with his wife, Bethany, who sold their liquor license to the mega-store chain. (THE ASSOCIATED PRESS [file]) Print Email Jim Kinney | jkinney@repub.com By Jim Kinney | jkinney@repub.com The Republican Follow on Twitter on March 28, 2017 at 7:05 AM, updated March 28, 2017 at 7:10 AM comments WESTFIELD -- Walmart plans to sell beer, wine and liquor at its Westfield Supercenter and is the process of buying the package store license from Pop The Cork, a family-owned store located just 2.5 miles away near the East Silver Street Big Y World Class Market. If the mega-retailer's plan comes to fruition, Westfield will be its third Massachusetts location selling alcohol, joining stores in Raynham and Ware, according to the state Alcoholic Beverages Control Commission. Those licenses, like the one Walmart bought in Westfield, allow for the sale of beer, wine and liquor for off-premises consumption. Walmart has been expanding its alcohol business in recent years. The company is involved in a years-long federal court battle with the state of Texas over liquor laws Walmart says are too restrictive. The license transfer is pending with the city. A public hearing is scheduled for April 10 at 6 p.m. at Westfield City Hall, said Kimberly Jarret of the Westfield License Commission.  Walmart isn't saying when its liquor department will open. "We have applied for a full license that is going through the review process, and if approved, we will develop a timeline on when we can start these sales," spokesman Chris Buchanan wrote in an emailed statement. City and state records show Walmart owns its liquor licenses under the name Westborough Beverage Corp. Walmart plans a 5,000-square-foot alcohol sales area at its Westfield store, said Craig Worrall, owner of Pop the Cork with his wife, Bethany. Worrall's store is less than half the size at about 2,000 square feet. The size differential alone, Worrall said, is a reflection of how hard it is for an independent liquor store to compete with big box retailers coming to dominate the trade. "Their buying power is tremendous," he said. "They sell product for less than it costs me to buy that same product." Pop the Cork has been at the East Silver Street location for more than 30 years, he said. He and his wife, who live in Monson, bought it 15 years ago after he'd worked for more than 20 years at MassMutual. "They were going through cutbacks at MassMutual," he said. 'I'd always had an interest in wine and liquor." Business was good, he said, with a solid neighborhood following. But expenses are high. His rent is $3,500 a month. He and his wife never got time off. When they bought the store they figured they'd get Sundays off. But then the state allowed Sunday liquor sales. "So then everyone had to be open on Sunday to compete," he said. It's also hard to find help, he said. Besides competition from chains, sure to increase because Walmart would have bought a license from someone if not from him, Westfield's convenience stores now offer beer and wine. "That's the volume part of the business. If they can get beer at a gas station or corner shop, they never come here," he said. He said he tried to sell the business with the license. There were interested parties, but the potential buyers never carried through with the deal. He and his wife sold the license to Walmart for $140,000. They negotiated with a lawyer representing an unknown buyer and didn't know the buyer was Walmart until the sale closed. They'd bought the license, along with the rest of the business, for $250,000. Pop the Cork will close Friday. The Worralls are selling off all the equipment, shelves, coolers and other property from the store at an auction on April 8. "It's another small business gone," Craig Worrall said. Claire D'Amour-Daley, Big Y vice president of corporate communications, said the supermarket will look for a new tenant once Pop the Cork is gone. The shopping plaza, which already has a Rite-Aid drug store, gets a lot of traffic. The Big Y there does well. New tenants could be a bank or a laundromat, she said. "It could be a liquor store if somebody has a license," D'Amour-Daley said. "It certainly makes for convenient shopping. They have been a good tenant. We are sad to see them go, frankly." Big Y couldn't sell alcohol at that location by making it one of its Table & Vine stores, D'Amour-Daley said, because the chain is at its state-imposed limit of seven licenses. Big Y has Table & Vine locations in West Springfield, North Quincy, Holden, Greenfield, Northampton, Wilbraham and Franklin. All but the West Springfield Table & Vine are inside Big Y supermarkets. A 2001 state law increased the cap on liquor-license ownership from three to five in 2012, to seven in 2016 and will raise it to nine in 2020. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Materion Corp (MTRN) Insider Sells $97,110.00 in Stock Valeritas Inc (VLRX) CFO Erick Lucera Acquires 3,000 Shares of Stock Amaya Inc (AYA) Director Sells C$2,507,050.00 in Stock Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Sets New 12-Month High Following Insider Buying Activity Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Hits New 12-Month High on Analyst Upgrade Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts DineEquity Inc (DIN) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Lowered by Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC lowered its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 9.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 22,420 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 2,273 shares during the period. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $1,550,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $262,122,000. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 58.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 9,776,421 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $705,075,000 after buying an additional 3,588,060 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP purchased a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $237,230,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $210,414,000. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 35.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 11,407,831 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $788,532,000 after buying an additional 2,969,581 shares during the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 69.66 on Tuesday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $62.72 and a 52 week high of $75.19. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $69.79 and a 200 day moving average price of $69.77. The firm has a market cap of $213.51 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.90 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.93%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-position-lowered-by-silvercrest-asset-management-group-llc.html. WMT has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus began coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday, January 19th. They set a “hold” rating and a $70.00 target price on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $64.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.04. In other news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 15,617,391 shares of company stock valued at $1,112,245,763. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tech Apple Science Cars Baselworld 2017 Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     NES Classic Edition Stock Updates On Tuesday Posted: Mar 28 2017, 4:11am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   NES Classic Shopping Guide   Here are the latest NES Classic availability updates. The Nintendo Switch got restocked last week, but Nintendo did not make any significant shipments of the NES Classic Edition to retailers. The rampant NES shortage is not limited to the United States. The NES Classic is also not in stock at European consumer electronics stores. Don't Miss: Enter the I4U News Nintendo Switch Giveaway! The only store that sells the NES Classic on a daily basis is Amazon. The retailer makes small batches of the NES console available through its local delivery service Amazon Prime Now. This is an obvious marketing campaign for Amazon Prime Now. The most recent Zip code area that showed NES Classic stock was in the Downey (90242) in the LA area. Other cities Amazon made the NES available in the past hours included Phoenix, Chicago, Minneapolis and San Diego. Check the NES Classic listing for your Zip code on Amazon Prime Now. Las Vegas was the latest city to that was offered the NES Classic. The local delivery service of Amazon has offered the NES in select cities. The supply is extremely constraint and very sporadic. Shoppers can monitor the NES Classic availability on Amazon Prime Now with iStockNow. Reseller prices start at $130, plus $3.99 shipping on amazon.com from legit appearing reseller. The first offers in the list on amazon.com are obviously a scam, Nobody is selling a new NES Classic for $21. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam that lock up your cash. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Amazon scam for details. Our NES Classic Giveaway ends in less than 48 hours. Enter now to have the chance to win a brand-new NES Classic EU version. Several resellers offer still the original Nintendo NES Controller for $39.99 on Amazon.com. This is though four times the regular price. There are plenty of 3rd party NES controller that sell for around $10. We have been able to secure a NES Classic and a Switch to give away to our readers in March. Enter now to win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in our two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. The NES Classic supply has not improved after months on the market. Target and Walmart stores have been the source of NES hunters a couple weeks ago, but both stores have not gotten significant new inventory in a long time. The last time the NES was on sale on amazon.com for the regular retail price of $59.99 was on Feb. 23. Quick Links: Buy the Nintendo NES Classic on Amazon Enter our Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway ending soon NES Classic on Amazon Prime Now The only option that has worked in past days is Amazon Prime Now. The local delivery service of Amazon has offered the NES in select cities. The supply is extremely constraint and very sporadic. It is suspicious that only Amazon has the NES in stock and only sells them through Amazon Prime Now. It looks like Amazon set aside some NES inventory to use it to promote its local delivery service. Amazon only allows one NES Classic order per person. There is strict limit on how many NES an account can order for a set period of time, at least 24 hours. Ordering a NES via Amazon Prime Now is though great, but its a hassle to spot one in stock and ready for order. It arrives in 2 hours for free in the cities where Amazon Prime Now is available. NES hunters have to refresh the search for the NES Classic for their ZIP code on a regular basis to spot the NES in stock. There is also no pattern where the NES Classic will be available next on Amazon Prime Now. Target and Walmart stores have not shown significant inventory in the past days. Consumers scored NES classic consoles through Amazon Prime Now and Amazon Spain. NES Classic Edition Stock Updates NES Classic at Amazon.com The NES Classic reseller prices keep stable. Reseller prices on March 20 start to $130, plus $3.99 shipping on amazon.com. There are several offers under $135 mark. Prices have been $40 higher at the beginning of the week. The first offers in the list are obviously risky, as the start at $9.99. This low priced offers are from just launched accounts. Amazon Prime Now has shown the NES Classic available in select cities for very short period of times throughout Wednesday. Most recent cities included Las Vegas and Nashville. Check the NES Classic listing for your Zip code on Amazon Prime Now. NES hunters also are keeping an eye on Amazon.es as NES supply in the United States has dried up. Cost of ordering a European version of the NES on Amazon Spain is reasonable. NES Classic at Target The NES Classic at Target stores availability is still very low with 1% according to BrickSeek. The chances to find a NES at a Target store are low.  NES Classic at Walmart The NES Classic at Walmart stores stock indicator drops to 1% according to BrickSeek. The chances to find a NES at a Walmart store are low. iStockNow reports several Walmart stores with NES inventory. NES Classic at GameStop The NES Classic was last in stock at GameStop online on March 17. GameStop only offered the NES Classic as part of bundles priced at $79.99. Inventory lasted about 30 minutes. The $79.99 NES Classic Edition bundle included the Miniboss Wireless controller. NES Classic at Best Buy The Nintendo NES Classic was on sale online at bestbuy.com on Friday, March 10. Overall the $59.99 NES inventory lasted about 12 minutes. This means that the consumer electronics giant only received a small shipment. NES Classic at ToysRUs Stores No new updates. NES not in stock at ToysRUs stores and online shop. TRU is only selling NES accessories online. See also our latest Nintendo Switch Stock Updates. BrickSeek has relaunched recently with a new modern interface. The inventory searches for Target and Walmart are still available. To check the NES stock situation at a nearby Walmart use this page on brickseek and for NES stock at Target stores use this page. Zoolert is now also offering a service to check inventory of retail locations. Zoolert supports besides Target and Walmart also ToysRUs, GameStop and Best Buy. Looking to buy a new Nintendo Switch console? Check out the latest in stock updates for the Nintendo Switch online. GameStop is offering a Switch bundle with April delivery online. The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest version of hakchi2 allows NES owners to install over 800 NES games. A new hack even allows NES owners to run SNES games via an emulator.  It is easier to find NES Classic controllers Amazon now, although they are not from Nintendo. Here is a list of popular NES accessories on sale on Amazon. NES Classic Edition Accessories Original Nintendo NES Controller Nyko MiniBoss Controller for NES Classic Edition My Arcade GamePad Classic - Wireless Controller for the NES Classic Edition Ortz 10 Feet NES Classic Edition Mini Controller [TURBO EDITION] Cacly NES Classic Controller, approx 6 Feet Long Cord 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controller USB Cable for NES Classic (Eliminates the Need for AC Adapter) Classic USB NES Controller for PC / Mac Pernos 2Pack 10ft 3M Extension Cable for Nintendo NES Classic Mini Edition Controller Ortz 10ft Controller for NES Classic Mini [TURBO EDITION] Buttons 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver 10ft Extend Link Extension Cable For Nintendo Mini NES Classic Edition RDS Industries NES Classic Edition Carrying Case Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controller Nintendo is under criticism for bad demand forecasting since years. Part of it is intentional as shortage generates buzz. The downside are the countless hours of people spent in line and the caused frustration. There is no update from Nintendo when the Japanese video game maker will resolve the shortage. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The Holiday shopping season 2016 has been dominated by the hunt for Hatchimals and the Nintendo NES classic edition. The NES Classic demand is still strong amidst ongoing shortage. In about one months the new Nintendo Switch will go sale and Nintendo fans brace for the worst. The Nintendo Switch pre-order are sold out. The supply situation might no be as bad as for the NES, but it will be difficult to get a Switch at launch for customers who have not pre-ordered the Switch. Find out how to get the Nintendo Shift on March 3.  Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Facebook Launches Stories Feature 28 minutes ago Microsoft's Most Powerful Machine: A Guide to Xbox Scorpio 1 hour ago Refurbished Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is Not Coming to US 16 hours ago, 9:12am CDT Elon Musk Launches Neuralink to Read Human Brains With Computers 19 hours ago, 6:04am CDT Andy Rubin Teases His New Smartphone 20 hours ago, 5:31am CDT Apple Rumors 2017: iOS 11, Siri iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More 47 minutes ago Elon Musk launches Start-up to Connect Human Brains with Computers 1 hour ago Southern California Beaches will Almost Disappear by 2100, Report Says 2 hours ago 2018 Nissan Leaf First Spy Shots 3 hours ago Buick Velite 5 Launching in China is a Rebadged Chevy Volt 3 hours ago 2017 Ford GT Comes With Five Drive Modes 3 hours ago Tesla Model 3 Will Have More Range Than Bolt EV 4 hours ago New York Auto Show 2017: Refreshed 2018 Acura TLX to Make World Debut 4 hours ago Sony Reportedly Feeling Pressure Over Xbox Release 10 hours ago, 3:25pm CDT Tasmanian Tiger Sightings Prompt Search in Queensland 11 hours ago, 1:58pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates for Tuesday 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates on Tuesday Technology News Facebook Launches Stories Feature 28 minutes ago Microsoft's Most Powerful Machine: A Guide to Xbox Scorpio 1 hour ago Refurbished Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is Not Coming to US 16 hours ago, 9:12am CDT Elon Musk Launches Neuralink to Read Human Brains With Computers 19 hours ago, 6:04am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Facebook Launches Stories Feature 28 minutes ago Apple Rumors 2017: iOS 11, Siri iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More 47 minutes ago Elon Musk launches Start-up to Connect Human Brains with Computers 1 hour ago Microsoft's Most Powerful Machine: A Guide to Xbox Scorpio 1 hour ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us
Tech Apple Science Cars Baselworld 2017 Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Nintendo Switch Stock Updates For Tuesday Posted: Mar 28 2017, 4:01am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The new $299.99 Nintendo Switch is hard to find. Here are the latest Nintendo Switch restocking updates. Last week was an awesome time to score a Nintendo Switch. GameStop kicked things off with restocking the Switch in stores. Walmart, Target, ToysRUs and even amazon.com offered the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con. The supply for the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con version was much lower. Don't Miss: MWC 2017 Highlights On Tuesday the Nintendo Switch continues to be a hard to find item. The iStockNow inventory tracker is reporting this morning multiple Walmart stores with Switch inventory. We recommend to also look up the inventory level of your local Walmart store on BrickSeek and compare with what iStockNow reports. If both services show stock, the likelihood of you finding a Switch is rather high. Walmart also offers in stock tracking for its stores online. Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  Amazon in Spain has the Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con in stock again for 329 Euro. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch did not take a hit, despite the restocking last week. Prices are above $400 from "trustworthy" reseller. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. The Switch has also been spotted in stock in select cities on Amazon Prime Now and on the Fry's online store. We offer a way to get the Nintendo Switch for free through our Nintendo Switch Giveaway. Enter daily to increase your chances to win coveted Switch console. Our Nintendo Switch Giveaway ends this week.  How to find the Nintendo Switch in Stores Walmart Stores Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Walmart stores with Switch in stock.  Target Stores  While there are three methods to check for Switch inventory, it is more difficult for Target. BrickSeek does not work for checking for Switch stock at Target stores for some reason. Searching with DCPI 207-29-1001 results in: "Sorry, this item is not available to search at this time." Target shows store inventory also online on target.com for the Nintendo Switch. The Target DPCI for the Nintendo Switch console with neon blue and neon red Joy-Con is 207-29-1001. The DPCI for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 207-29-1000. The search for the Switch at Target on BrickSeek is not returning results yet. Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Target stores with Switch in stock.  Best Buy Shoppers can use iStockNow to find Best Buy stores with Switch in stock.  GameStop The iStockNow service also works for GameStop store locations. A pro tip for iStockNow is to look for inventory changes of your local stores you track. Only if there is a fresh change, the likelihood that the information is correct is high. Another tip is to compare iStockNow and BrickSeek results. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online To track online inventory and get alerts, shoppers can use zoolert and NowInStock. Both inventory tracker have already setup the Nintendo Switch trackers. We also recommend to use the Chrome browser extension Page Monitor Pro to monitor Nintendo Switch product pages in the hours ahead of the release. Amazon has been offering the hard to find Nintendo Switch through its local delivery service Amazon Prime Now. We see the Nintendo Switch in stock for select cities on Amazon Prime Now almost each day over the past weeks. The inventory is sold out extremely fast each time. The Lucky customers can receive the Switch with 2 hour free delivery once the Amazon Prime Now. Below is the list of shops that offer the Nintendo Switch online in case they have inventory. Amazon  Best Buy  GameStop   Target  ToysRUs Nintendo lists six official stores that sell the Nintendo Switch including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, ToysRUs and Target. Other stores have also listed the Switch including NewEgg, Fry's, BHPPhotoVideo and Nintendo's own store. We have a brand-new Nintendo Switch in the office that we are giving away. Enter the I4U News Nintendo Switch Giveaway now to get a chance to win a free Nintendo Switch. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. The colorful Switch is slightly harder to find than the console with gray controllers. The premium resellers charge is with 50 to 65% still much lower than it is the case for the Nintendo NES Classic. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Microsoft's Most Powerful Machine: A Guide to Xbox Scorpio 3 minutes ago Refurbished Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is Not Coming to US 15 hours ago, 9:12am CDT Elon Musk Launches Neuralink to Read Human Brains With Computers 18 hours ago, 6:04am CDT Andy Rubin Teases His New Smartphone 18 hours ago, 5:31am CDT NES Classic Edition Stock Updates on Tuesday 20 hours ago, 4:11am CDT Southern California Beaches will Almost Disappear by 2100, Report Says 1 hour ago 2018 Nissan Leaf First Spy Shots 1 hour ago Buick Velite 5 Launching in China is a Rebadged Chevy Volt 2 hours ago 2017 Ford GT Comes With Five Drive Modes 2 hours ago Tesla Model 3 Will Have More Range Than Bolt EV 2 hours ago New York Auto Show 2017: Refreshed 2018 Acura TLX to Make World Debut 2 hours ago Sony Reportedly Feeling Pressure Over Xbox Release 8 hours ago, 3:25pm CDT Tasmanian Tiger Sightings Prompt Search in Queensland 10 hours ago, 1:58pm CDT Electric Cars of 2017 10 hours ago, 1:20pm CDT World's Tallest Skyscraper Hangs From an Orbiting Asteroid 10 hours ago, 1:14pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates for Tuesday 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates on Tuesday Technology News Microsoft's Most Powerful Machine: A Guide to Xbox Scorpio 3 minutes ago Refurbished Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is Not Coming to US 15 hours ago, 9:12am CDT Elon Musk Launches Neuralink to Read Human Brains With Computers 18 hours ago, 6:04am CDT Andy Rubin Teases His New Smartphone 18 hours ago, 5:31am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Microsoft's Most Powerful Machine: A Guide to Xbox Scorpio 3 minutes ago Southern California Beaches will Almost Disappear by 2100, Report Says 1 hour ago 2018 Nissan Leaf First Spy Shots 1 hour ago Buick Velite 5 Launching in China is a Rebadged Chevy Volt 2 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us
Home Weather 70° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Man douses himself in gas, lights self on fire in Walmart parking lot Krystyna Biassou, KUSA 6:43 PM. MST March 26, 2017 (Photo: ‎Sophia Martin) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST LAFAYETTE, Colo. - A man was airlifted to a hospital after he doused himself and his car in gasoline outside of a Lafayette Walmart on Sunday. Lafayette Police told 12 News' sister station in Denver, KUSA,  just before 5:30 p.m., the man drove around the Walmart parking lot on U.S. 287 and yelled at bystanders to watch him. He then doused himself and the car with gasoline, igniting both himself and the car. He then got out of the car while on fire and began walking around. Bystanders told him he was on fire and tried to help, but said the man was making comments about not wanting to put out. Those bystanders were eventually able to put the man out, but not the vehicle. Vehicle caught on fire in the Walmart parking lot in Lafayette Victim severely injured according to witnesses pic.twitter.com/37pic4bMXc— Paul Aiken (@PaulAikenBDC) March 26, 2017 Emergency crews responded, and the man was taken by helicopter to University Hospital. No one else was physically injured, and no other property was damaged. The name of the man was not released, and his condition is unknown.  © 2017 KUSA-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Livestream 4 Deputies hunt down armed bearizona suspect A stranger emailed me a warning about blood clots. Days later, my friend died from one. Giraffe Birth Facts WFAA Breaking News Unique home in Prescott for sale at $2.8M Family of dead toy store owner uncovers hidden model train collection DACA student's viral Facebook post Events for Final Four fans Police arrest fleeing Bearizona suspect More Stories 'World's tallest house' for sale in Prescott Mar 28, 2017, 1:58 p.m. School bus driver dies after San Tan Valley crash;… Mar 28, 2017, 2:47 p.m. A warning, then sudden death from blood clot Mar 28, 2017, 8:42 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WHERE'S HOME? An Indian tech worker’s movie shows the anxiety of being an H-1B immigrant in Silicon Valley Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Glass 4 hours ago Quartz india For Here or To Go? (YouTube/For Here or To Go) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Glass 4 hours ago Quartz india Rishi S. Bhilawadikar, an Indian techie now working in San Francisco, first came to the US to attend Indiana University. After getting a master’s degree in interactive media design, Bhilawadikar was encouraged to apply to startup incubators. Although his talent planning app idea drew interest, no incubator would sponsor his visa. Since graduating in 2007, he’s worked as a user experience designer at software firm SAP Labs and retail giant Walmart and, lately, with the clothing company Gap—all while on the temporary H-1B visa, which allows people to work in the US for up to six years. To help others understand the frustrations of the experience—what he calls “that in-between state of what it takes to adopt a foreign country as your own”—Bhilawadikar decided to make a movie about it. On March 31, his film For Here or To Go will be released in theatres. Bhilawadikar refers to himself as an “accidental filmmaker.” His desire to communicate his immigrant experience to a mainstream audience first manifested as a blog titled “Stuff Desis Like,” started in 2008. He was yearning to “tell a story that creates awareness and empathy,” he says. In 2010, he was struck with the idea of writing a movie about the lives of H-1B immigrants. “As an experiment, I started to write. I had a story and I had some characters in mind, [but] I didn’t know how to write a screenplay,” Bhilawadikar says. “I started tinkering with it, googled it, started to teach myself, took a few classes, and got better.” The next challenge was finding someone willing to take the script to the screen. With no connections in the filmmaking world, Bhilawadikar struggled to find takers. While working at Walmart between 2010 and 2012, one of his co-workers introduced him to Rucha Humnabadkar, who had served as an assistant director and art director to Nagesh Kukonoor of Hyderabad Blue fame and had just directed her own short film, Arranged Marriage. A Silicon Valley-based design professional by day, Humnabadkar was all too familiar with the story Bhilawadikar wanted to tell. Humnabadkar has been in the US since 2003, but only got her green card nearly a decade later. Until she did, she also had to grapple with all the uncertainties of being an H-1B worker in the US. “It’s a story that I have lived,” Humnabadkar told Quartz. “Same dilemma, same conflicts, same struggles.” Finding an employer to pay upwards of $1,000 to sponsor the visa is only the first battle.  “We really need to start telling the truth about what the relationship is between India and the US.”  There’s little security in an H-1B; quitting the company that sponsored you or getting fired can get you ousted from the States. By a wide margin, people born in India are more likely to work under an H-1B (pdf) than US immigrants born anywhere else. The population is often accused of providing cheap labor and driving down industry wages. However, Indian immigrants rank among the most entrepreneurial leaders and job creators in the country. In March 2016, a National Foundation for American Policy study found that among immigrants, Indians founded the most unicorns—private companies valued at over $1 billion—listed in Wall Street Journal’s Billion Dollar Startup Club, creating 14 out of the total 87 listed. The group is also more than twice as likely than overall foreign-born and native-born populations to be employed in management, business, and science and arts, according to the think tank Migration Policy Institute. Humnabadkar says she wants the film to “humanize the immigration debate”—in part, that’s about shining a light on the invaluable contributions immigrants make to the US. “I think we really need to start telling the truth about what the relationship is between India and the US,” San Jose city council member Ash Kalra said in praise of the movie. “That this is really where the best and brightest of the Indian community have come to contribute to some of the most cutting edge companies on the planet.” Many Americans are likely unaware of the struggles portrayed in For Here or To Go. Actor Omi Vaidya, who was born and raised in Yucca Valley, California, had no idea until he read the script. “Maybe people think [immigrants] don’t belong here or that they’re lucky, but they work very very hard and then the payoff is a sort of nice life,” Vaidya says. “But that life is not guaranteed. You get to taste it and then ultimately you may have to get sent back.” Vaidya ended up playing a Telugu-speaking Indian immigrant waiting in line for the green card. Even though the film is a work of fiction, Bhilawadikar’s narrative draws from real life events.  “The uncertainty and fear is definitely palpable.” It’s set during the 2008 recession and discusses poignant issues like visa discrimination against Muslims and racist violence. One scene in particular will likely rattle Indians in the US today: a Sikh small business owner tells Vivek, the protagonist played by Ali Fazal, that an old friend of his was just killed in a hate crime. For Here or To Go wrapped in 2013 (it’s been making the festival rounds since), and it’s eerie how accurately it portends the February 2017 murder of Srinivas Kuchibhotla and the recent deadly shooting of a Sikh man in Kent, Washington. Racism towards Indian immigrants has always been here in the US, though, says Bhilawadikar. He drew inspiration for his script from two real-life shootings targeting Sikh men—one in Elk Grove, California, in 2011 and the other in Oak Creek, Wisconsin the next year. The recent tense political climate around immigration has been eye-opening for the general public, the writer adds, but policy think tanks, economists, the tech community, venture capitalists, and immigrant entrepreneurs have been talking about it for years. “I was hoping we will progress as a society and things will get better,” Bhilawadikar lamented while discussing how these relevant scenes in the movie will resonate today. “The uncertainty and fear is definitely palpable.” Most Popular Before you make an emotional decision, ask yourself these four questions Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 41 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Car stop leads to Howell police, FBI fraud investigation Something seemed off to Patrolman David Levine. Post to Facebook Car stop leads to Howell police, FBI fraud investigation Something seemed off to Patrolman David Levine.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2nK8r6i {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Car stop leads to Howell police, FBI fraud investigation Katie Park , @kathspark 8:33 p.m. ET March 28, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share White House outlines Sanctuary City policy; Fearless Girl to hang around Wall St.; Ford invests $1.2B into Michigan plant APP NewsBreak MoneyGram Payments Services Inc., a Dallas-based company, has agreed to maintain and boost a robust anti-fraud program designed to detect bogus transactions. (Photo: Courtesy of Thinkstock) 41 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE HOWELL - Wads of cash totaling more than $2,000 and a $1,000 money transfer order from Costa Rica sat in the car. The driver gave jumbled answers. Something seemed off to Patrolman David Levine. The driver, who Levine stopped on Estelle Lane on May 18, 2016 for illegally sporting front tinted windows, eventually admitted he collected the $3,000 sitting in his car as winnings from an online gambling website, police said. Not everything made sense, but some questions were answered. The driver, who police did not name in a statement on Tuesday, was let go at the scene and Howell police started an investigation — one that would span the United States, loop in the FBI and alert an elderly woman in Idaho that she was the victim of an alleged gambling scam that bilked her of $50,000. READ: Get part of the $13M MoneyGram scam settlement Over the course of nearly a year, Levine and Detective Anthony Romano held onto the MoneyGram brand transfer order, which Levine confiscated from the driver to examine back at police headquarters. The confiscated MoneyGram was just one of 10 orders, and were collectively valued at $9,800, said Detective Sgt. Christian Antunez in a statement. All of the orders were bought from a Walmart store in Hayden, Idaho. Surveillance footage from the Walmart in Hayden showed a woman buying numerous MoneyGrams, Antunez said. Levine and Romano spotted the woman's car make and model from the store's cameras, and turned to Edward Jacobson, a special agent at the FBI office in Couer D'Alene, Idaho, to help identify the car's driver. In an interview with Jacobson, the victim — who police did not name — said a person called her, identifying himself as "Special Agent Frank Anderson of the Department of Homeland Security." The caller allegedly told the victim she won a lottery drawing in England, but had to pay to pre-pay the taxes on the winnings before she could receive any money. READ: How to avoid 6 dirty tax scams The victim reportedly agreed to pay and bought $50,000 in MoneyGrams over a stretch of time, Antunez said. The victim sent the MoneyGram orders to where she was allegedly directed — with one of the locations being in Costa Rica. Authorities discovered a gambling website allegedly defrauded unsuspecting victims by asking them to send MoneyGrams to pay gambling winners. Antunez did not name the gambling site. Howell police sought forfeiture on the cash and the MoneyGram order seized in 2016 through the county prosecutor's office and returned the $3,071 to the woman in Idaho, who Antunez said was unaware she was a victim of fraud until authorities alerted her. "We remind the public that the calls, emails, or any form of communication such as this are scams," Antunez said. "Always be cautious and do not send money or payments anywhere before verifying its validity. Oftentimes, a quick internet search will identify scams unsuspecting people are being targeted with." READ: Man used lottery scams to rip off seniors, feds say In February 2016, MoneyGram, a Dallas-based company, agreed to pay $13 million in a settlement between the business and 49 states, including New Jersey. MoneyGram also signed on to maintain a strong anti-fraud program that would pick up on potentially fraudulent money transfers. "We work diligently to prevent our systems from being used to perpetrate any illicit activity," according to a statement from MoneyGram released in February. "At the core of MoneyGram’s daily business is our commitment to compliance and our safeguards that help customers securely send and receive money between family and friends anywhere in the world." John J. Hoffman, the then-state Acting Attorney General, also advised people to remain vigilant of suspicious communications. "People who receive solicitations from strangers promising big winnings should keep in mind the old adage that, ‘If it sounds too good to be true, it most likely is,’' Hoffman said. Katie Park: 908-801-4853; kpark@gannettnj.com Don't miss a thing Download our apps and get alerts for local news, weather, traffic and more. Search "Asbury Park Press" in your app store or use these links from your device: iPhone app | Android app for phone and tablet | iPad app >>>Subscribe (at a great sale price!) for full access. And, 'like' us on Facebook! 41 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2nK8r6i TOP VIDEOS Nora and Yodel come to town hall 0:58 NewsBreaks: Neptune Police's annual report; USA Gymnastics abuse allegations 0:55 NewsBreaks: White House outlines Sanctuary City policy; Fearless Girl to hang around Wall St. 0:51 NewsBreak: Bone, possibly human, found at Sandy Hook 0:48 Point Beach motel could be demolished for condos 0:29 NewsBreaks: Jared Kushner's new role at the White House; Governor Christie's new job offer 0:54 Why Southern Regional teaches Japanese 1:15 NewsBreaks: Women's Business Leaders meeting at the White House; Christie's job bill signing 0:52 WATCH: Rutgers quarterback Gio Rescigno speaks to reporters 0:26 NewsBreak: Neptune fire displaces families, Jared Kushner to testify 0:46
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News BSR’s Statement on the U.S. Administration Executive Order on Climate Change SOURCE: BSR DESCRIPTION: BSR regrets today’s executive order from U.S. President Donald Trump to dismantle the Clean Power Plan, a set of U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) policies that are intended to reduce the United States’ greenhouse gas emissions by 32 percent from 2005 levels and cut carbon pollution from the power sector by 30 percent by 2030. In combination with the administration’s dramatic cuts to climate programs at the EPA and U.S. State Department, this announcement undermines policies that have stimulated economic growth, consumer savings, job creation, infrastructure investment, private-sector competitiveness, and public health. Business Supports Climate Ambition In the past several years, many American companies have set ambitious energy efficiency and renewable energy targets. Business has taken action because it understands the economic and environmental benefits of these steps, as well as the opportunity for innovation that the shift to low-carbon prosperity represents. The Clean Power Plan (CPP) provides a platform for these companies with reliable and resilient sources of clean energy and, in turn, generates substantial economic and public health benefits. Just 18 months ago, the U.S. federal government estimated the net economic benefits of the CPP at US$26-45 billion, with consumers set to save US$155 billion from 2020 to 2030. In addition, the CPP provides regulatory support to the clean energy economy, which, according to the U.S. Department of Energy’s Energy and Employment Report, supported more than 3 million U.S. jobs in 2016. The public health benefits are also significant. Research suggests the Clean Power Plan could prevent 3,600 premature deaths and more than 300,000 missed work and school days by cutting pollutants that contribute to soot and smog. Finally, this order comes at a time when U.S. public concern about climate change is at an eight-year high, with Gallup reporting that 64 percent of Americans are concerned a „great deal” or „fair amount” about the issue.  Trump’s executive order puts this substantial progress at risk, but two critical factors continue to suggest that the transition to a low-carbon economy remains inevitable. 1. Clean power is the energy of choice for resilient and successful businesses and investors. During the past two years alone, more than 500 companies with US$8 trillion of revenue, and more than 180 investors with assets under management in excess of US$20 trillion have made more than 1,000 commitments to purchase renewable energy, reduce their emissions in line with the best available science, set carbon prices, and end deforestation. Walmart, the largest company by revenue and the largest private employer in the world, committed to reduce emissions by 18 percent. In making the announcement, CEO Doug McMillon said, “We want to make sure Walmart is a company that our associates and customers are proud of—and that we are always doing right by them and by the communities they live in.” These companies are part of a growing movement in the private sector that sees profits, job creation, competitiveness, innovation, and stewardship of the environment as a virtuous circle—one that delivers for shareholders, workers, and communities across the globe. Companies like these are committed to clean power because it makes business sense. Many of these companies are achieving an average internal rate of return of 27 percent on their low-carbon investments. And research conducted by CDP shows that decoupling growth from carbon leads on average to a 29 percent increase in revenue alongside a 26 percent drop in emissions. These companies recognize that renewable energy technologies, such as wind and solar, have low and stable marginal costs that are generated or purchased at or below the cost of fossil-fuel-generated power sources. This allows companies to hedge fuel price volatility and future increases in electricity rates. An increasing number of these companies are using power purchase agreements to lock in electricity prices for 10-20 years, providing cost certainty. Global investment in renewable energy power capacity in 2015, worth US$265.8 billion, was more than double the dollar allocations for new coal and gas generation (estimated at US$130 billion in 2015). Many leading businesses have stated their clear desire to see the CPP survive. In April 2016, Amazon, Apple, Google, and Microsoft jointly submitted a brief to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in defense of the Clean Power Plan. By the third quarter of 2016, these companies were the top four most valuable publicly traded companies in the world by market capitalization, accounting for more than 7 percent of U.S. GDP. The four companies have all stated clearly that the Clean Power Plan incentivized renewable energy and enabled business to reconcile duty to shareholders with care for community and planet. Business has set a course for a low-carbon economy fueled by clean power and intends to continue that journey, irrespective of changes to U.S. federal policy. 2. The political will to act is resolute across the globe and deep within the United States. The historic Paris Agreement on climate change brought together 196 governments to commit to deep decarbonization well before the end of this century. This commitment is already being translated into national climate policies in the form of 189 national climate action plans. Collectively, these plans provide business with the direction, confidence, and certainty it needs to make long-term investments in innovation and infrastructure. Importantly, the plans represent more than US$13 trillion in clean energy investments over the next 15 years. This global multistakeholder consensus remains intact, despite today’s announcement, and will survive policy volatility in Washington in the coming four years. Meeting in Marrakech, Morocco, days after the U.S. presidential election, nearly 200 nations adopted the Marrakech Action Proclamation, reaffirming their commitment to the full implementation of the Paris Agreement. They have been resolute in their belief that “momentum is irreversible,” as it is “driven not only by governments, but by science, business, and global action of all types at all levels.” In addition, other countries are increasingly assuming a leadership role in the transition to a low-carbon economy. China issued a statement that U.S. political changes would not affect its commitment to realize the ambition of the Paris Agreement. More importantly, China is moving ahead with increasing its non-fossil-fuel share of energy use to around 20 percent by 2030, reducing the carbon intensity of its economy by 65 percent, and launching a national emissions-trading system. Each year, China adds roughly the total existing electricity capacity of a large U.S. state and is the largest investor in renewable energy, spending over US$54 billion in 2013 alone. We encourage the president to rethink today’s decision. Retreating from the Clean Power Plan injects business uncertainty where it is not needed, turns away from an innovative approach to clean energy that will create valuable new business opportunities, and is out of step with the clearly stated objectives of the most dynamic businesses in the United States and the world.  This statement first appeared on BSR. Tweet me: Business wants climate ambition. A statement on the #climate #executive order from @BSRnews. http://bit.ly/2nrJx9d KEYWORDS: Environment, Energy, BSR, climate change, trump, United States, Executive Order, clean power, Clean Power Plan, business climate CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, defense, Economy, Environment, Health, Markets, private, Science, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rotary Hammer Market Key Players, Product and Production Information analysis and forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Dallas Jury Awards $8.8M to Family of Bell Helicopter Engineer Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism President Trump signs order to repeal Obama administration’s climate change rules, Arkansas officials cheer Personal income grew 3.2% last year in Arkansas, U.S. average up 3.6% Arkansas Energy Education Foundation elects officers, board January-February enplanements up at Fort Smith and XNA, flat in Little Rock Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics President Trump signs order to repeal Obama administration’s climate change rules, Arkansas officials cheer Amazon tax bill rejected on the third attempt as legislative session nears end Bill restricting guns at sporting events advances after SEC expresses concern House committee advances school choice bill Fort Smith city boss to travel to D.C. to argue for relief on federally mandated sewer work Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith city boss to travel to D.C. to argue for relief on federally mandated sewer work January-February enplanements up at Fort Smith and XNA, flat in Little Rock Small business reinvents itself through social media, helps mother recover from the loss of her son Biggs family, Packaging Specialties give $2 million to Arkansas Children’s Northwest Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford surprised by Comey disclosure, ‘all options’ on table with North Korea Rep. Crawford’s concerns on health care reform center on government role, legislative process U.S. Rep. Womack: A ‘lean yes’ on Ryan health care plan, wants changes on House floor Sen. John Boozman: Nothing ‘off the table’ including military options on North Korean aggression U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Truck drivers shed weight in health challenge, fight high obesity rate The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. focusing more on health and wellness Braswell replaces Kirk as director on ATA council Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic tops 2 million tons in January-February 2017 Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Truck drivers shed weight in health challenge, fight high obesity rate Arkansas Transportation ReportBusinessLatest News by Jeff Della Rosa (JDellaRosa@nwabj.com) 12 hours ago 44 views  Tags: truck driver health 0 SHARES Share Tweet John Lex, a truck driver for Wal-Mart Stores, and his team America’s Road Team Captains won the Health Fleet 10 Pound Challenge. Lex recently spent some one-on-one time with President Donald Trump and took a selfie while American Trucking Associations and America’s Road Team visited the White House. John Lex, a truck driver for Wal-Mart Stores, has taken to snacking on celery or carrots while on the road instead of fast food or other less healthy options. Lex was a participant in the Healthy Fleet 10 Pound Challenge and on the team that finished first place in the most recent challenge. He was one of five members of America’s Road Team Captains, and the team lost an average of 15.4 pounds in the challenge that ran from New Year’s Day to the end of February. Those on the team are also members of America’s Road Team, an outreach program of trade organization American Trucking Associations, and led by truck drivers who promote highway safety. Lex of Monroe, Ga., has worked for the Bentonville-based retailer for 14 years and has been a truck driver for 30 years. TRUCK DRIVER HEALTH Historically, truck drivers “have faced unique health challenges in their day-to-day work,” according to the ATA. “Being seated for long periods of time and having limited access to nutritious foods contribute to reduced levels of fitness and well-being throughout the industry.” In 2010, the obesity rate was twice as high for long-haul truck drivers compared to the rest of the U.S. workforce, according to a survey conducted by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. But companies in the transportation industry have encouraged a healthier lifestyle through health and wellness programs they’ve established. The Healthy Fleet challenge was created to “help the trucking industry increase the average life expectancy of a truck driver from the age of 61 and reduce driver rate of obesity from 69%,” according to the organization’s website. Fort Smith-based transportation company ArcBest has seen success in its health program it offers to its employees who aren’t represented under the collective bargaining agreement between the company and the Teamsters, said ArcBest spokeswoman Kathy Fieweger. The agreement covers health, welfare and pension for all drivers who work for its subsidiary ABF Freight but doesn’t include Panther drivers who are independent owner-operators. ArcBest “is seeing great results with our metabolic syndrome and mindful eating program called ‘Naturally Slim’ by ACAP Health,” Fieweger said. About 36% of participants, who started the program with high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high cholesterol and/or high body mass index, have reversed their metabolic syndrome “and it has held through 2016.” ‘BUCKLED DOWN’ In the challenge, Lex said he lost 12 pounds and started eating healthier. When asked what helped him motivate his team to win, Lex, who said he will be 52 in April, explained how he doesn’t feel young anymore and wanted to feel better. This was the first time he’s “buckled down” and chose to take part in a program like this to improve his health. He said that when he began the program at the first of the year, one might think as a truck driver, it’s difficult to find good, healthy food. But it’s “not really as hard as we make it out to be.” Small changes in his eating habits led to a big difference. One of the changes he made was to drink more water. As part of the program, he would receive text messages and email reminders and encouragement. One of the reminders was “don’t forget to drink water.” He also had a love for sweet tea. “I had to cut back on it.” He soon found that he didn’t need it. Lex said he’s “not obese by any means” but looks to lose another 10 pounds. He plans to participate in the next Healthy Fleet 10 Pound Challenge, which is set to start May 1. Lex has been a member of America’s Road Team for the past five years. Other members of America’s Road Team Captains are: Charlie Demchock, Walmart; Ralph Garcia, ABF Freight; John McCown, UPS Freight; and Russ Simpson, Holland. “Walmart is incredibly proud of John and Charlie’s commitment to the challenge and for contributing to their team’s win,” Walmart spokesman Ryan Curell said. “Each year, Walmart truck drivers travel approximately 700 million miles, delivering merchandise to Walmart and Sam’s Clubs, all the while remaining one of the largest and safest private fleets in the world.” “This challenge will hopefully inspire others in the industry to focus on their health and wellness in 2017,” said Elisabeth Barna, ATA chief operating officer and executive vice president of industry affairs. The Healthy Fleet challenge also includes transportation industry office staff and owner-operators. Comments comments Previous post The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. focusing more on health and wellness Next post January-February enplanements up at Fort Smith and XNA, flat in Little Rock Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Estate planning and potential pitfalls Eva Madison Laws that apply to liability lawsuits are changing Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, the politics of color, and celebrating creativity Gov. Asa Hutchinson Touting tourism Latest Popular President Trump signs order to repeal Obama administration’s climate change rules, Arkansas officials cheer 5 hours ago Amazon tax bill rejected on the third attempt as legislative session nears end 6 hours ago Bill restricting guns at sporting events advances after SEC expresses concern 7 hours ago House committee advances school choice bill 7 hours ago Personal income grew 3.2% last year in Arkansas, U.S. average up 3.6% 9 hours ago Fort Smith businessman seeks marijuana cultivation center, working to figure out a new industry 1,670 views Shandong Sun Paper files first permit application with ADEQ, incorporates with new Arkansas name of ‘Sun Bio’ 1,312 views Census estimate shows Northwest Arkansas continues to lead state in pace of population growth 1,249 views Van Buren downtown sees 12% growth in new businesses, more planned 1,136 views Rep. Gray selected to lead Arkansas Democrats 839 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
donate listen live News Station Music Station JazzStream ClassicalStream donate listen live News Station Music Station JazzStream ClassicalStream donate listen live News Station Music Station JazzStream ClassicalStream Navigation Home News beats State Government Environment Health Care Business Arts and Lifestyle Food and Sustainability Undocumented Immigration in California PolitiFact California California Counts Videos Photos Music genres Classical Jazz Roots Eclectic Videos Daily Playlist Programs news Morning Edition All Things Considered Marketplace Insight with Beth Ruyak The View From Here music Acid Jazz At the Opera Classical Music Connections Excellence in Jazz Hey, Listen! Mick Martin's Blues Party All Programs Podcasts Schedule News Music ClassicalStream JazzStream Weekly Schedule Daily Playlist Events Community Calendar Ticket Giveaways Public Service Announcements CapRadio Travels CapRadio Reads Garden Support Make Contribution Vehicle Donation Corporate Support/Underwriting Make a Gift of Stock Gift Planning Endowment CapRadio Credit Card GoodAgent Volunteer Winners Member e‑Newsletter MemberCard Thank You Gifts About Contact listen live News Station Music Station JazzStream ClassicalStream  Donate return to content Capital Public Radio, Inc. 7055 Folsom Boulevard Sacramento, CA 95826 View map (916) 278-8900 (877) 480-5900 NEWS STATIONS: 90.9 FM Sacramento 90.5 FM Tahoe/Reno 91.3 FM Stockton/Modesto 88.1 FM Quincy MUSIC STATIONS: 88.9 FM Sacramento 91.7 FM Groveland/Sonora 88.7 FM Sutter/Yuba City  We Get Support From: Become a Supporter   We Get Support From: Become a Supporter  California Police Arrest Parking Lot Assault Suspect Friday, March 24, 2017 | Sacramento, CA | Permalink   Jared C. Benedict / Wikimedia Commons (AP) - Police in the San Francisco Bay Area say they've arrested a woman who struck three people in a Wal-Mart parking lot with her car. The East Bay Times reports (http://bayareane.ws/2nvwoxW) that 23-year-old Jessica Malicoat from Hayward was arrested on Thursday for charges of assault with a deadly weapon. Store officials say Malicoat left a Union City Wal-Mart in rage after she tried to get a refund for batteries they believe she stole. Police say they found Malicoat in her home after receiving numerous tips about her and her vehicle. Malicoat is being held Santa Rita Jail without bail. She will go before a judge on Monday. Comments More Stories What Trump Misses About Energy Jobs In America March 28, 2017 Calif. Governor Slams President Trump's Efforts To Dismantle Clean Power Plan March 28, 2017 Sacramento Not On List Of Best Markets For Buying Single Family Rentals March 23, 2017 Most Viewed Watch Live: Sacramento Sheriff Hosting Community Forum On Immigration Bill To Increase Welfare Payments Stalls In California Assembly Watch: Sacramento Sheriff Hosts Community Forum On Immigration State Looks To Jet Fuel To Reduce Emissions Take A Hike: Five Breathtaking Day-Hikes In And Around Sacramento We Get Support From: Become a Supporter Most Viewed Watch Live: Sacramento Sheriff Hosting Community Forum On Immigration Bill To Increase Welfare Payments Stalls In California Assembly Watch: Sacramento Sheriff Hosts Community Forum On Immigration State Looks To Jet Fuel To Reduce Emissions Take A Hike: Five Breathtaking Day-Hikes In And Around Sacramento We Get Support From: Become a Supporter News Music Programs Schedule Events Support About Donate Back to Top About Awards Bios Board of Directors Careers Community Report Coverage Directions Mission/Vision/Core Values Audited Financial Statements Press Privacy Policy Contact Us Capital Public Radio, Inc. 7055 Folsom Boulevard Sacramento, CA 95826-2625 (916) 278-8900 (877) 480-5900 Fax: (916) 278-8989 Contact Capital Public Radio Submit a News Tip Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Flickr Events Community Calendar Ticket Giveaways Public Service Announcements CapRadio Travels CapRadio Reads Submit a Community Event Submit a PSA Listen Schedule Podcasts RSS Mobile App Cable CapRadio Curriculum Donate Make a Contribution Make a Gift Through My Will Make a Matching Gift Through My Employer Endowment Gift Planning MemberCard GoodAgent Underwriting Vehicle Donations Volunteer We Get Support From Buy through Amazon.com Capital Public Radio stations are licensed to California State University, Sacramento. © 2017, Capital Public Radio. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting I - WBOY - Clarksburg, Morgantown: News, Sports, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Crime & Courts Accidents & Fires Business & Economy Special Reports Monongalia County and Preston County Central Weather Your Weather Outlook 7-Day Forecast Snowbird Central & School Closings Snowbird & Myron's Weather Adventure in 360 Degrees Warnings Map Live Doppler Radar Predictor Local Temperatures Sports High School Football Scores High School Sports Honda Athlete of the Week National Sports West Virginia Illustrated Community Relay For Life Central Buckle Your Baby For Life Community Calendar "Celebrating Volunteers" Brought to You by The Miley Legal Group 12 News at Noon Interviews North Central WV Boil Water Advisories Video Contests Harlem Globetrotter Ticket Give-A-Way What's On The Daily J! About Us Work With Us Download Our Apps Tactive Digital WBOY Alumni Meet the Team EEO and Public Reports FCC Public Inspection File Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 2:54 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 3:51 PM EDT LINCOLN COUNTY, WV - UPDATE 12:00 PM Jeremiah Wayne Yeager is facing charges of domestic assault, domestic battery, malicious wounding, attempted murder, obstruction, brandishing and strangulation. According to a criminal complaint from Lincoln County Magistrate Court, the woman Yeager assaulted told police Yeager arrived at her apartment with another male and female. The woman told police Yeager had not slept in 4 days and was high on methamphetamine. The woman says the two began to argue and Yeager took a phone cord and choked her with it. She then says she passed out and woke up in the kitchen area. The woman says when she came to, Yeager had a long gun and revolver and threatened her with them. She says Yeager struck her several times with the revolver before the door opened. She says that's when Cpl. Fry entered the apartment while Yeager was pointing the gun at her. She remembers hearing gunshots and fleeing the apartment. UPDATE 12:00 PM: The West Virginia State Police have released a photo of Corporal Fry on their facebook page. They also released the following statement: West Virginia State Police UPDATE 10:50 AM: According to Lieutenant  Michael Baylous 13 News that the WV State Police trooper that was shot this morning is Corporal David Fry. Lt. Baylous also confirms that Jeremiah Yeager is the suspect who was apprehended this morning. Yeager is being charged with attempted murder of police officer, but he may face more charges. Yeager is in hospital being treated for minor injuries sustained during the apprehension Corporal Fry's wrist injury is a concern because of the small bones and nerves in the wrist. UPDATE 8:45 AM: The suspect has been apprehended and taken into custody. Police sent in a robot to apprehend the suspect, and he still had a gun at that point. The suspect is facing several charges and is in police custody at this point. UPDATE 7:12 AM: Midway Elementary School in Lincoln County is closed after a West Virginia State Trooper is shot twice while responding to a domestic violence call. The shooting unfolded along 214 Midway Road in Lincoln County around 2:00 Tuesday morning. 13 News has also learned a female has been injured in the incident. It's unclear whether she was shot. Crews on scene tell us people were inside the apartment building at the time of the shooting. Fire crews evacuated nearby buildings. The injured Trooper escaped in his cruiser to the Southridge Walmart and radioed for help. No names are being released at this time. We're told the suspect is considered armed inside an apartment building. No word on when this scene will be cleared. Both the Trooper and the female victims have non-life threatening injuries. UPDATE 6:52AM:  State Police have confirmed that the trooper shot is in surgery and has non-life threatening injuries.  The SWAT and SRT units are using night vision goggles to see the suspect in the apartment building.  Right now, the suspect is being talked to with a megaphone.  The suspect has been yelling back and forth with police and waving arms out the window. UPDATE 4:10AM:  In speaking with WOWK sources, the trooper, who is not being identified at this time, was shot twice.  He was hit once in the shoulder and another time in the wrist.  When he drove to the Walmart/Southridge area, he stopped his car in the intersection where EMS, the South Charleston Fire Department and South Charleston Police assisted him. Investigators have examined his car for almost 2 hours during their investigation.   UPDATE 3:20AM: A West Virginia State Trooper is shot after responding to a domestic violence call. The trooper was responding to a call in Lincoln County around 2:00 Tuesday morning. When he arrived, a person opened fire. The trooper was hit in the lower extremities, but able to get in his patrol car and drive to the Southridge Walmart. The State Police Special Response Team and the Kanawha County SWAT team are now working to get the suspect. WOWK's Chelsea Spears is at the scene now. ORIGINAL: According to Kanawha County Dispatchers, a West Virginia State Trooper was shot along the Kanawha County/Lincoln County line around 2:00 a.m. Tuesday morning. Dispatchers say the injured Trooper managed to drive himself to the Walmart in Southridge where he was advised to wait for help. His name has not been released at this time. No word on the Troopers condition. We're told officials in Lincoln County are now investigating the shooting.  Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. Other NewsMore NewsMore>> Ski-nomics Are Big Business in West Virginia Ski-nomics Are Big Business in West Virginia Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:54 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:54:45 GMT Winter sports have officially ended for the year at one major resort in the mountain state, but I had the chance to join in on some of the last runs of the season up in Snowshoe. It was well worth the trip north. Ski-nomics are big business in Pocahontas County, bringing in well over a quarter of a million tourists each winter. It's an impact people like Shawn Cassell with Snowshoe Resort see first hand. "What makes the tourism industry in West Virginia so great, the reason I w... Winter sports have officially ended for the year at one major resort in the mountain state, but I had the chance to join in on some of the last runs of the season up in Snowshoe. It was well worth the trip north. Ski-nomics are big business in Pocahontas County, bringing in well over a quarter of a million tourists each winter. It's an impact people like Shawn Cassell with Snowshoe Resort see first hand. "What makes the tourism industry in West Virginia so great, the reason I w... Trump’s Executive Order A Victory in W.Va.’s Fight Against Obama EPA Trump’s Executive Order A Victory in W.Va.’s Fight Against Obama EPA Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:12 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:12:59 GMT CHARLESTON — West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey witnessed President Trump sign an executive order, which the Attorney General declared a landmark victory toward the ultimate dismantling of a Power Plan that would have devastated coal communities across the state and nation.   The Attorney General was among those present for President Trump’s signing ceremony at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. The executive order initiates a review of the so-call... CHARLESTON — West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey witnessed President Trump sign an executive order, which the Attorney General declared a landmark victory toward the ultimate dismantling of a Power Plan that would have devastated coal communities across the state and nation.   The Attorney General was among those present for President Trump’s signing ceremony at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. The executive order initiates a review of the so-call... Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 3:51 PM EDT2017-03-28 19:51:16 GMT Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. 35K ready-to-eat taquitos recalled over possible contamination 35K ready-to-eat taquitos recalled over possible contamination Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 12:05 PM EDT2017-03-28 16:05:30 GMT A company is recalling approximately 35,168 pounds of frozen ready-to-eat taquito products, because the may be contaminated with rubber. A company is recalling approximately 35,168 pounds of frozen ready-to-eat taquito products, because the may be contaminated with rubber. Hemp Day at the Capitol Focuses on How to Get Involved in Movement Hemp Day at the Capitol Focuses on How to Get Involved in Movement Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 9:29 PM EDT2017-03-28 01:29:10 GMT Today was Hemp Day at the Capitol, and the focus was to try and teach people how they can get involved in the movement.   Today was Hemp Day at the Capitol, and the focus was to try and teach people how they can get involved in the movement.   Teens Wearing Leggings Barred From United Flight Teens Wearing Leggings Barred From United Flight Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 7:01 PM EDT2017-03-27 23:01:45 GMT DENVER (AP) -- Two teenage girls were barred by a gate agent from boarding a United Airlines flight from Denver to Minneapolis on Sunday because they were wearing leggings, according to a spokesman for the airline. The girls, whose ages were not specified, were not allowed onto the morning flight because they were traveling under an employee travel pass that includes a dress code, United spokesman Jonathan Guerin said.  DENVER (AP) -- Two teenage girls were barred by a gate agent from boarding a United Airlines flight from Denver to Minneapolis on Sunday because they were wearing leggings, according to a spokesman for the airline. The girls, whose ages were not specified, were not allowed onto the morning flight because they were traveling under an employee travel pass that includes a dress code, United spokesman Jonathan Guerin said.  Multi-Million Dollar Monolithics Plant to be Built in Southern Ohio Multi-Million Dollar Monolithics Plant to be Built in Southern Ohio Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 3:21 PM EDT2017-03-27 19:21:08 GMT SOUTH POINT, O.H. -  HarbisonWalker International (HWI), the largest supplier of refractory products and services in the U.S., has selected The Point Industrial Park in South Point, Lawrence County, Ohio as the location for construction of its new, state-of-the-art monolithic refractories manufacturing facility. According to a press release from HWI, the site is subject to completion of the company’s due diligence and finalization of one additional grant application that i... SOUTH POINT, O.H. -  HarbisonWalker International (HWI), the largest supplier of refractory products and services in the U.S., has selected The Point Industrial Park in South Point, Lawrence County, Ohio as the location for construction of its new, state-of-the-art monolithic refractories manufacturing facility. According to a press release from HWI, the site is subject to completion of the company’s due diligence and finalization of one additional grant application that i... Girl burns hands while making homemade slime Girl burns hands while making homemade slime Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 2:01 PM EDT2017-03-27 18:01:42 GMT A girl is recovering after getting burned on a popular do-it-yourself project. A girl is recovering after getting burned on a popular do-it-yourself project. Kentucky power plant to stop burning coal by 2023 Kentucky power plant to stop burning coal by 2023 An electric utility in Kentucky will stop burning coal at its only power plant, which dates back to the 1960s. An electric utility in Kentucky will stop burning coal at its only power plant, which dates back to the 1960s. Body Pulled From Kanawha River in Nitro Identified Body Pulled From Kanawha River in Nitro Identified Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 11:52 AM EDT2017-03-27 15:52:55 GMT The Nitro Police Department have identified the body pulled from the Kanawha River in Nitro on Saturday The Nitro Police Department have identified the body pulled from the Kanawha River in Nitro on Saturday    Top VideoMore>> Ski-nomics Are Big Business in West Virginia Ski-nomics Are Big Business in West Virginia Nicholas Community Questions Senator Boso's BOE Bill Nicholas Community Questions Senator Boso's BOE Bill Marshall Softball/Baseball Highlights & Scores (Mar. 28, 2017) Marshall Softball/Baseball Highlights & Scores (Mar. 28, 2017) Marshall Spring Football: Day 1 Recap (Mar. 28, 2017) Marshall Spring Football: Day 1 Recap (Mar. 28, 2017) Students concerned over rising cost of tuition Students concerned over rising cost of tuition    SlideshowsMore>> 13 arrested during 2-day Chillicothe human trafficking/prostitution operation 13 arrested during 2-day Chillicothe human trafficking/prostitution operation Updated: Friday, March 24 2017 2:05 PM EDT2017-03-24 18:05:34 GMT Chillicothe police, along with several other law agencies arrested 13 people during a two-day operation. Chillicothe police, along with several other law agencies arrested 13 people during a two-day operation. Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop Updated: Friday, October 7 2016 8:51 AM EDT2016-10-07 12:51:07 GMT Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Updated: Sunday, August 14 2016 10:33 PM EDT2016-08-15 02:33:29 GMT About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.     WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Two Juveniles Arrested After Hanging Dog in Lincoln County Two Juveniles Arrested After Hanging Dog in Lincoln County Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 10:02 PM EDT2017-03-28 02:02:41 GMT Two juveniles have been arrested for animal cruelty after a picture of a hanging dog was posted on the web.  Two juveniles have been arrested for animal cruelty after a picture of a hanging dog was posted on the web.  Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 3:51 PM EDT2017-03-28 19:51:16 GMT Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. Ex-West Virginia sheriff gets home confinement in meth case Ex-West Virginia sheriff gets home confinement in meth case Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 12:54 PM EDT2017-03-28 16:54:47 GMT A former West Virginia sheriff who acknowledged being a meth addict and removing the drug from a police storage area has been sentenced to home confinement. A former West Virginia sheriff who acknowledged being a meth addict and removing the drug from a police storage area has been sentenced to home confinement. Missing Lewis County, KY man search now a criminal case Missing Lewis County, KY man search now a criminal case Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 9:10 AM EDT2017-03-28 13:10:50 GMT What started over the weekend as a deep woods search for a missing man is now a possible abduction and a criminal investigation. What started over the weekend as a deep woods search for a missing man is now a possible abduction and a criminal investigation. Man Wanted After Saint Albans Robbery Man Wanted After Saint Albans Robbery Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:30 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:30:54 GMT The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating a robbery at a store on MacCorkle Avenue in Saint Albans. At approximately 3:20 p.m., Saint Albans Police was dispatched to AT&T Wireless at 102 MacCorkle Avenue in Saint Albans. Upon arrival, officers learned that a white male wearing a ballcap, brown jacket, black shirt, and blue jeans entered the store and approached a clerk.  Once he approached the clerk, he made verbal threats that he was armed with a gun and demande... The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating a robbery at a store on MacCorkle Avenue in Saint Albans. At approximately 3:20 p.m., Saint Albans Police was dispatched to AT&T Wireless at 102 MacCorkle Avenue in Saint Albans. Upon arrival, officers learned that a white male wearing a ballcap, brown jacket, black shirt, and blue jeans entered the store and approached a clerk.  Once he approached the clerk, he made verbal threats that he was armed with a gun and demande... Multi-Million Dollar Monolithics Plant to be Built in Southern Ohio Multi-Million Dollar Monolithics Plant to be Built in Southern Ohio Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 3:21 PM EDT2017-03-27 19:21:08 GMT SOUTH POINT, O.H. -  HarbisonWalker International (HWI), the largest supplier of refractory products and services in the U.S., has selected The Point Industrial Park in South Point, Lawrence County, Ohio as the location for construction of its new, state-of-the-art monolithic refractories manufacturing facility. According to a press release from HWI, the site is subject to completion of the company’s due diligence and finalization of one additional grant application that i... SOUTH POINT, O.H. -  HarbisonWalker International (HWI), the largest supplier of refractory products and services in the U.S., has selected The Point Industrial Park in South Point, Lawrence County, Ohio as the location for construction of its new, state-of-the-art monolithic refractories manufacturing facility. According to a press release from HWI, the site is subject to completion of the company’s due diligence and finalization of one additional grant application that i... Kentucky Teacher Arrested with Rape Charge Kentucky Teacher Arrested with Rape Charge Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 6:38 PM EDT2017-03-27 22:38:41 GMT A teacher has been arrested on 3rd degree rape charges after having an inappropriate relationship with a female student. According to the Boyd County Sheriff's Department, Michael Sammons, a teacher at Boyd County High School was arrested after an investigation into allegations of having an inappropriate relationship with a female student. Sammons, 52, of South Shore, Kentucky,  was subsequently arrested following that investigation on 3rd degree rape charges and has been lodge... A teacher has been arrested on 3rd degree rape charges after having an inappropriate relationship with a female student. According to the Boyd County Sheriff's Department, Michael Sammons, a teacher at Boyd County High School was arrested after an investigation into allegations of having an inappropriate relationship with a female student. Sammons, 52, of South Shore, Kentucky,  was subsequently arrested following that investigation on 3rd degree rape charges and has been lodge... Rattlesnake Bites Boy Who Mistook it for a Toy Rattlesnake Bites Boy Who Mistook it for a Toy Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 3:13 PM EDT2017-03-28 19:13:02 GMT Authorities say a 5-year-old boy is recovering after being bitten by a rattlesnake that he mistook for a toy. Authorities say a 5-year-old boy is recovering after being bitten by a rattlesnake that he mistook for a toy. Woman Arrested After Cats Found in Freezer in Charleston Woman Arrested After Cats Found in Freezer in Charleston Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 3:26 PM EDT2017-03-27 19:26:13 GMT A Charleston woman has been arrested after her landlord discovered multiple dead cats in her west side apartment.  A Charleston woman has been arrested after her landlord discovered multiple dead cats in her west side apartment.  Couple accused of trying to sell baby for $3,000 on Craigslist Couple accused of trying to sell baby for $3,000 on Craigslist Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:06 AM EDT2017-03-28 14:06:41 GMT A couple is behind bars after authorities said they tried to sell a 5-month-old baby by posting an ad on Craigslist. A couple is behind bars after authorities said they tried to sell a 5-month-old baby by posting an ad on Craigslist.    Clarksburg Studio 904 West Pike Street Clarksburg, WV 26301 Main (304) 623-3311 Fax (304) 624-6152(Clarksburg) Fax (304) 225-2522(Morgantown) Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WBOY Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Footbal Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN Events Apps Contact Us About Us WATCH LIVE 4:30-7 am 11 am 5 pm 6 pm 7 pm 10 pm Weather Nation 74° Huntsville, AL (35801) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 51F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Footbal Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close Hundreds of advertisers boycott YouTube/Google advertising Mar 25, 2017 Updated Mar 25, 2017 0 More than 250 companies have now pulled ads. Ad losses for YouTube are now in the millions of dollars. Analysts warn that the loss could escalate into the hundreds of millions of dollars if things don’t change. Pepsi, Starbucks, and Walmart have suspended their YouTube advertising. They’re joining similar moves from AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, and Volkswagen in pulling their ads due to lack of control by Google’s site over where the ads appear. Automated programs don’t always discriminate where the ads show, so some have shown up alongside or ahead of racist, hate-speech, or morally questionable content. Pharmaceutical company GSK, car rental company Enterprise, the UK government, and at least one major international ad agency have also pulled all ads. “We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate,. Until Google can ensure this won’t happen again, we are removing our ads from Google’s non-search platforms.” — ” AT&T spokesman via statement. Google has apologized and says they have put in place systems to prevent this from happening in the future, but it hasn’t seemed to help assuage doubts in major advertisers. “The content with which we are being associated is appalling and completely against our company values,” — Wal-Mart via statement I’ll say it again. Working directly with brand name publishers guarantees your ads will be seen in a quality environment. As good as Google is, ad networks have a built-in problem: they can’t safely police every site that’s in the network. The amount of content that is uploaded daily is staggering and the crooks out there keep moving the ball. Imagine the magnitude of monitoring every item to every site out there… every second… and determining its validity. I don’t know that there is AI capable of that task. LINK:  Be careful where your digital ads are running. “Some of the world’s biggest brands are unwittingly funding Islamic extremists, white supremacists and pornographers by advertising on their websites, The Times can reveal. Advertisements for hundreds of large companies, universities and charities, including Mercedes-Benz, Waitrose and Marie Curie, appear on hate sites and YouTube videos created by supporters of terrorist groups such as Islamic State and Combat 18, a violent pro-Nazi faction.” — The Times Google’s in major spin mode, apologizing and pledging to make changes. “Recently, we had a number of cases where brands’ ads appeared on content that was not aligned with their values,” Philipp Schindler, Chief Business Officer for Google, said in a blog post. For this, we deeply apologize. We know that this is unacceptable to the advertisers and agencies who put their trust in us. LINK: Heavyweight advertisers join the Google/YouTube boycott “We know advertisers don’t want their ads next to content that doesn’t align with their values. So starting today, we’re taking a tougher stance on hateful, offensive and derogatory content. This includes removing ads more effectively from content that is attacking or harassing people based on their race, religion, gender or similar categories.” — Philipp Schindler, Chief Business Officer for Google, via blog post. Google has pledged: Safer default for brands so that ads show on content that meet a higher level of brand safety and excludes more objectionable content. That will be the default with brands making the decision whether to allow lower levels of scrutiny for broader reach. Simplified management of exclusions making it easier to exclude specific sits and channels. Up to now, it’s been kind of a pain. More fine-tuned controls for better control over where ads will show. Some other recent stories I’ve written on the issues with Ad Tech Fraud: Biggest ad fraud in history? Hackers stealing $3-$5 million dollars a day using video ads White Ops security researchers have exposed the most profitable and advanced ad fraud operation ever seen by the industry. Dubbed “The Methbot Operation” after references to “meth” in the code of the bot itself, a group of operators has siphoned off as much as $180 million from major U.S. media companies and brand advertisers. Controlled by a single group based in Russia and operating out of data centers in the US and Netherlands, this “bot farm” generates $3 to $5 million in fraudulent revenue per day by targeting the premium video advertising ecosystem, according to cyber security firm White Ops. READ MORE >> Digital ad market could be 2nd largest revenue source for organized crime In a letter to Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, the Senators — both members of the Senate Banking Committee — pointed to studies that have found rampant fraud in the $60 billion digital ad market. “…one pair of experts discovering that as much as 98 percent of all ad clicks on major advertising platforms such as Google, Yahoo, LinkedIn and Facebook in a seven-day period were executed not by human beings, but by computer-automated programs commonly referred to as “botnets” or “bots.” These programs allow hackers to seize control of multiple computers remotely, providing them access to personal information as well as the ability to remotely install malware to engage in advertising fraud, entirely unbeknownst to the computer’s true owner. READ MORE >> Fake websites & bots generated $1.5 million a month for one Florida fraudster A Florida company was generating $1.5 million dollars a month in online ads using fake websites, according to Ad Age. It wasn’t all that hard. They set up websites and then listed them as places to advertise in automated ad-buying markets, including some of the industry’s biggest names. Then, they hit the sites hard with bots — automated click programs — to drive up impressions. Then, they simply disappeared, presumably with the money on hand. READ MORE >> Tags Google Youtube Boycott Pepsi Verizon At&t Gsk Social Media Video Ad Networks Advertising Fraud Ad Tech Martech × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles AMBER ALERT: Missing Tennessee teen could be in Decatur, possibly in danger Witness: 'Bus full of kids drove under parking deck' at Parkway Place Mall Manhunt underway after suspect injures deputy during arrest AMBER Alert: Video released of Tennessee teen sewing and talking Meth bust in neighborhood near downtown Huntsville UPDATE: 11-month-old Pickens County boy found, Amber Alert cancelled Family of shooting victims believes dementia may have led to the shooting New principal named for North Jackson High School PHOTOS: Decatur drug bust nets several arrests Decatur man arrested with nearly a pound of marijuana, gun, large amount of money Images Videos Commented Bill that could change custody laws heads to committee floor (6) Theater refuses to show 'Beauty and the Beast' over gay character (5) Online services to decrease wait times at Huntsville Driver's License Office (2) President Trump gives surprise visit to Alabama students (2) Three students arrested for drugs at Bob Jones High School (2) Consensus on Shared Parenting (2) WATCH: No. 4 Grissom tops No. 2 Sparkman 7-6 (1) Local health facility weighs in on GOP healthcare proposals (1) Nine National Patient Groups Call on House to Oppose the American Health Care Act (1) UPDATE: Suspects named in Elmore Prison deadly stabbing, second death at Elmore in ten days (1) Hometown Heroes Nominate someone you think is deserving to be called a Hometown Hero! Star99 App download Stream Today's Best Music Anywhere with The Star 99 streaming app. One Million Dollar Community Investment Non-profits can apply for a portion of the $1 million dollars in the form of “media grants” that we will award on a regular basis. Traffic Center For traffic news and updates follow us at the traffic center.  Connect with Us Join our many social media apps. Connect with our talent and follow for news updates.  Weather Nation 24 hour live streaming weather service.  Email Newsletter Sign-up for our newsletters and stay informed.  RoadWAAY Warrior For local traffic updates and road way information.  TN Valley Pros Tennessee Valley Pros where you'll find access to the leading experts in the Huntsville, AL area. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Events Mar 28 Paul Mitchell The School Huntsville-National Open House Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Free Mar 29 Fleet Feet Sports Diva Night Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Free Apr 1 Grissom High School Annual Warrior 5K Run Sat, Apr 1, 2017 @ 8:00 am Apr 1 Tennessee Valley Women in Agriculture's Free Family Farm Day Sat, Apr 1, 2017 @ 9:00 am Apr 1 17th Annual Shamrock 5K run Sat, Apr 1, 2017 @ 9:00 am $20 Apr 1 The Devotional Memory Book – Douglas Baulos Workshop @ Lowe Mill A&E Sat, Apr 1, 2017 @ 10:00 am $60 Apr 1 Angel Kylie's Hope Shop-for-Babies Vendor Event Sat, Apr 1, 2017 @ 10:00 am Free Apr 1 Live Bald Sat, Apr 1, 2017 @ 12:00 pm $10 Apr 1 Artist Talk: Douglas Baulos Sat, Apr 1, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Free Apr 4 Piper & Leaf x Tangled Strings Studio Open Mic Tue, Apr 4, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Free Apr 5 2nd Annual Women's Leadership Symposium Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 9:00 am $95 Apr 7 The Second Annual Alabama A&M University College of Business and Public Affairs Silent Auction Fri, Apr 7, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Free Apr 7 Rotaract Club of Huntsville Prohibition Party Fri, Apr 7, 2017 @ 7:00 pm $15.00 Apr 8 4th Annual Youth Education and Awareness (YEA) (STEM) Conference Sat, Apr 8, 2017 @ 8:00 am Free Apr 8 Baby Jake's Buddies Fundraiser Sat, Apr 8, 2017 @ 9:00 am Free Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections News Weather Sports Trending Contests Videos Redstone Space Tech Million Dollar Community Investment Online Features Services Full TV Episodes Team About Contact Employment Contact Information waaytv.com 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-3131 Email: newsroom@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Watch These Stocks as Barometer for Chances of Trump Tax Reform by Joseph Ciolli @JoeCiolli More stories by Joseph Ciolli March 28, 2017, 12:05 AM EDT High-tax companies, retailers hold clues to proposal’s chances Goldman high-tax index loses outperformance versus S&P 500 Tax Reform Trump's Desperation Shot, Says Collender Fresh off a week of health-care drama, investors shifted attention to the prospects for the Trump administration’s plan to cut taxes.  Want to know if they’re “ phenomenal?” Watch the companies with the most at stake. The simplest measure is a basket of firms that have the highest effective tax rates, including Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. and Alliance Data Systems Corp. If the chances for passing cuts to corporate rates rise, so too will these shares. Retailers, meanwhile, hold clues on the fortunes of the border adjustment tax. If the likes of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. start to falter, that’d be a clue that the measure is gaining traction. Handicapping the political wrangling in Washington has taken on more importance after the health bill’s failure raised concerns the administration’s pro-growth policies won’t sail through Congress. For investors forced to parse the meaning of of D.C. infighting, the collective wisdom of the market has taken on the role of soothsayer. “These trades depend on what the market’s anticipation has been in the past, and a lot can be gleaned from whether they gel or unravel,” said John Manley, who helps oversee about $233 billion as chief equity strategist for Wells Fargo Funds Management in New York. “People work so hard trying to use things to predict the stock market -- it’s interesting to see people using stocks to predict things outside of it.” For now, investors have turned cold on the prospects for tax reform, at least any time soon. A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. index of 50 highly taxed stocks fell as much as 1 percent Monday before finishing little changed after its worst week in 13 months. The group surged as much as 14 percent after the election, but is now down 2.8 percent in the month of March. “The defeat of the health bill indicates that complex and controversial tax reforms are likely to be difficult to pass,” a group of Goldman economists led by Alec Phillips wrote in a note to clients on Monday. That sentiment’s having the opposite effect on apparel and multi-line retail companies, whose reliance on overseas manufacturing makes them particularly exposed to any border-adjustment tax. The centerpiece of the House Republican tax proposal would likely raise supply costs, making the prospect for legislative gridlock a positive. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The group, which Goldman said in mid-February had the “most to lose” from the border tax, was little changed on Monday, clinging to a third straight monthly advance. It’s getting some relief from preemptive selling that saw an S&P 500 index of retailers fall 1.7 percent last week, the biggest decline of the year. L Brands Inc., Foot Locker Inc. and Abercrombie & Fitch Co. rose at least 0.2 percent. Wal-Mart edged higher. “Watching Congress lack the backbone to make changes to the ACA reminded us how difficult tax reform could be,” Daniel Clifton, head of policy research at Strategas Partners, wrote in a client note on Monday. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade The Biggest Risk From the Dollar's Drop May Not Be What You Would Guess Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Hot Topics: Man who set himself on fire dies Lafayette suicides Pomerance: End of Boulder? Chautauqua parking changes Sanctuary cities News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Man who lit himself on fire outside Lafayette Walmart dies Man asked bystanders to film him, cited FBI harassment as reason for self-immolation By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   03/27/2017 07:50:59 PM MDT Updated:   03/27/2017 10:34:50 PM MDT Firefighters look over the burned car in the Lafayette Walmart parking lot on Sunday. (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer) Related Stories Mar 27: Lafayette suicides spotlight increased mental health concerns Mar 26: Man lights himself, car on fire in Lafayette Walmart parking lot The man who set himself and his car on fire in the parking lot of Lafayette's Walmart in front of dozens of horrified shoppers has died, Lafayette police Chief Rick Bashor said Monday. The man, whose identity has not been released, started driving around the parking lot in a beige Toyota Corolla shortly after 5:20 p.m. Sunday, and asked witnesses to film him as he set himself on fire, police said. He cited years of harassment from the FBI as the reason for his self-immolation, according to video of the incident filmed by a bystander at the man's request. The Daily Camera has viewed the video, which was taken moments after the man was extinguished by bystanders and was still awaiting medical assistance, but has chosen not to release the footage due to its graphic content. "I got in trouble 11 years ago, and ever since (the FBI has) been completely harassing me," the man told a visibly upset onlooker. "They never let me sleep. All I'm doing is trying to make ends meet and all they're trying to do is (expletive) with me." Prior to that footage being filmed, the man stopped near the store entrance, doused himself with gasoline inside the car and lit himself and the car on fire, Lafayette police said. The man then got out of the car and yelled at bystanders not to extinguish the fire. Advertisement Several citizens put out the flames by covering the man with jackets, according to footage in a separate video. David Bach, who was shopping at Walmart at the time and took the video showing the man's statement, said the minutes following the incident were filled with panic and confusion. "I heard a lady screaming and sprinting into the store and my first reaction was that someone had a gun," Bach said Monday. "I expected to see someone hit with a car or having a heart attack. "What I saw was a man completely engulfed in flames slowly walking across the parking lot with his hands up." After several bystanders were able to extinguish the flames, Bach said the man was left completely alone while people tried to put out the still-burning car. "I thought that it was wrong for him to be sitting there alone in that state," Bach said. "He was sitting Indian-style and was completely coherent. All his skin and clothes had burned off and he was smoldering. "He said, 'I want you to record me and I want to get my message out,'" Bach said. The man stated that he had fallen into trouble with the FBI more than a decade ago and had been harassed ever since, according to the video. The Camera could not verify the claims made in the video. "It was all very disturbing," Bach said. "The fact that someone could get to that point in their life and in their head where they would do something that drastic is just sad and disturbing." Tanja Carter, a witness who saw the man after he was pulled from the car, said Sunday that he was burned from head to toe. The man was taken by helicopter to University of Colorado Hospital with second- and third-degree burns, according to police. He succumbed to his injuries late Monday afternoon, Bashor wrote in an email. The Boulder County Coroner's Office will release the man's identity once next of kin have been notified. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Debate over Erie's Wise Farm development strikes familiar chord Longmont United Hospital closing Homestead adult day program Boulder releases Comp Plan draft, announces open house   BOCOPREPS (Kathy Willens / Associated PRess) BUFFZONE Fairview's Brent Wrapp bows out of NIT semifinals with Cal State-Bakersfield Junior guard struggled in appearance at historic Madison Square Garden It certainly wasn't the finish Brent Wrapp would have preferred. Yet the player few coaches wanted upon his graduation from Fairview High School still was fortunate enough to enjoy another memorable experience on Tuesday in what is turning out to be an accomplished college basketball career. Full Story Roberts races to top US finish at World Championships Track and field: Legacy's Lyle running with confidence Boys basketball: Mead's Ward caps prep career as BoCoPreps.com POY Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← ICE arrests 26 illegal immigrants while they are carrying out community service as part of parole deals Oklahoma authorities: Homeowner’s son kills 3 burglars → No…Government Can’t “Be Run Like A Great American Company” Posted on March 27, 2017 by Jamal Ron Paul Liberty Report – by Chris Rossini President Trump is creating a new “White House Office of American Innovation” (read: a new bureaucracy) with his son-in-law Jared Kushner at the helm. Kushner said over the weekend: “The government should be run like a great American company.” Sorry, can’t happen. It’s literally an impossibility. Let us explore the many reasons why: First, government gets its “revenues” by force. It taxes everyone that happens to reside on the turf that government calls its own. If those individuals do not hand over their money, they run the risk of being thrown into a cage by the government. What a way to generate “revenue.” No wonder so many misfits are attracted to this way of life. Companies, on the other hand, must earn their revenues. Individual consumers must voluntarily hand over their money to the company in exchange for a product or service. Each consumer has the ability to say “No” to the transaction. If a consumer doesn’t like Wal-Mart or McDonald’s, they are free to never (ever) step foot in either establishment. Wal-Mart and McDonald’s are completely powerless to do anything about it. They can’t lay a finger on you, let alone throw you in a cage. When it comes to government, however, a taxpayer can HATE Donald Trump, Barack Obama, or George W. Bush with a venomous passion, and it doesn’t matter one bit. You can scream and shout until your voice box collapses, but you willcough up your taxes. Otherwise, off to the the cage you go. Companies go out of business all the time. It’s very difficult to satisfy consumers profitably. Consumers are extremely fickle, always looking for the best deal. Consumers always want it cheaper, faster, and better. If a company is not able to keep their finger on the pulse of ever-changing consumer desires, they have to close their doors. There is no incentive for failure. Government, on the other hand, thrives on failure. When government fails, the incident is used as an excuse to take more money from the taxpayers. Budgets go up! The exact opposite of market incentives. The federal budget goes in one direction: UP. Republicans?….UP….Democrats?….UP…. This bizzaro setup cannot be “fixed.” It can’t be “tweaked” to work more efficiently. Government doesn’t have market signals like profits and losses. Companies can quickly see what consumers really want versus what they don’t. Profit and loss statements cannot lie. Government is all political. No profit & loss statements. It’s pretty much all lies. This is why government should have very few (and almost no) responsibilities. Ideally, it would be so insignificant that you forget it even exists. That’s at least how it originally was in the “land of the free.” Unfortunately, after 240+ years, the “land of the free” has morphed into a land where government is viewed as a Mommy or Daddy. It’s expected to be in charge of every photon and electron. Not even private conversations are allowed outside of its watchful eye. While the market, when left alone, will weed out failed companies, Government keeps crony companies in business! The market is ruthless. It shows no mercy. You either satisfy your customers profitably or you’re gone. There is no “too big to fail,” or “too small to fail,” or anything in between. This is a major reason why crony corporations hate the free market. It’s extremely hard. It’s much easier to buy a politician. Crony corporations get bailed out and continue to operate at everyone’s expense. Many get bailed out knowing full well that they’re going to be bailed out again in the future. So they live it up with reckless abandon at all times. Do you thing major Wall Street firms and Military-Industrial Complex corporations are worried? Government cannot be made to work like a “great company.” There’s a better chance of seeing a wide open field of unicorns. The only thing that can be done is for someone to come in and abolish, slash, and cut. Everything gets cut across the board, and it has to be done over, and over, and over. That’s not Trump and that’s not Kushner. That’s also not what Americans want right now. The belief in government omnipotence is still very strong. After all, Trump is a BIG government guy. He doesn’t hide it.  Liberty, freedom, individual rights, private property, voluntary interactions…These are not the words that ever come out of his mouth.  Trump is in office to shuffle the deck chairs on the U.S. Titanic. When Trump’s term is over, the federal budget will be higher, the federal debt will be much higher, the welfare state will continue to asphyxiate the American taxpayer, and God only knows what wars he’s going to drag us into. When Americans can someday clearly understand the difference between government and “a great company” we’ll have reason to be optimistic. ​When government is no longer viewed as Mommy or Daddy, we’ll have reason to cheer. We’re not there yet. http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/nogovernment-cant-be-run-like-a-great-american-company Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 416 ← ICE arrests 26 illegal immigrants while they are carrying out community service as part of parole deals Oklahoma authorities: Homeowner’s son kills 3 burglars → One Response to No…Government Can’t “Be Run Like A Great American Company” NC says: March 27, 2017 at 8:36 pm What do you expect when you put a Jew in a White House position that he has zero experience in? What does he do at the White House by the way? Oh yea, NOTHING! His title is “special advisor”. That’s it. Meaning he’s either special because he has a disability or because he’s Trump’s Jewish son in law or both. It’s called nepotism. Hell, my next door neighbor can do his position. Clock in to work. Say hello and then clock out. Must be nice. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Cleatus on Cloud Atlas leaps into 21st century with 12 new cloud types Uncle Thanky on Shhhhh ozgunowner on Captions? 'ol stew bum on Captions? NC on Mother ‘livid’ over son’s treatment by TSA at DFW Airport Darzak on Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney Darzak on Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney NC on $540,701,000,000: U.S. Property Taxes Hit Record in 2016 mary in ND on H.R. 1313 Bill Would Require Medical Procedures Like Vaccines as Requirement for Employment Darzak on Up close and personal NC on H.R. 1313 Bill Would Require Medical Procedures Like Vaccines as Requirement for Employment NC on Concealed Weapon Detection System Being Implemented For The First Time. Coming To A Neighborhood Near You? tc on Meet SAM, Brick Laying Robot That Does The Work Of 6 Humans Darzak on Captions? Sunfire on Captions? Misty on Captions? Darzak on Captions? NC on Partner At Paulson & Company Jumps To His Death In Midtown Manhattan Misty on Meet SAM, Brick Laying Robot That Does The Work Of 6 Humans US Marine Fighting Tyranny on Partner At Paulson & Company Jumps To His Death In Midtown Manhattan Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Amazon.com, Inc. Puts Its Cashier-Less Grocery Concept on Hold Disrupting Wal-Mart's proven grocery model won't be easy. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Mar 27, 2017 at 7:03PM In December 2016, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) wrapped up the year with the surprise launch of a small convenience-style grocery store concept with a checkout-free shopping experience the e-commerce giant called, "Just Walk Out Shopping." The technology signaled Amazon's ever-expanding ambition to grab market share from retailers -- this time from grocers. But Amazon's plans have fallen flat, according to a new report from The Wall Street Journal. Technological problems mean the store will remain only a concept for now. Amazon Go. Image source: Amazon.com. What is Amazon Go? Amazon's check-out free grocery experience, which the company calls Amazon Go, first launched as a beta program for its employees. Measuring 1,800 square feet of retail space, the store offered ready-to-eat meals and snacks, as well as grocery essentials. But the major selling point of Amazon Go was its Just Walk Out Shopping technology. Amazon's website explained: Our checkout-free shopping experience is made possible by the same types of technologies used in self-driving cars: computer vision, sensor fusion, and deep learning. Our Just Walk Out Technology automatically detects when products are taken from or returned to the shelves and keeps track of them in a virtual cart. When you're done shopping, you can just leave the store. Shortly after, we'll charge your Amazon account and send you a receipt. Amazon planned to launch public versions of the store in "early 2017," the website said. Amazon employees reportedly had ambitious plans for the stores and this new technology. The company envisioned "opening more than 2,000 brick-and-mortar grocery stores under its name, depending on the success of the new test locations," the Journal reported last December. An underwhelming start But with "early 2017" nearly over as the second calendar quarter draws closer, Amazon has delayed plans for a public launch of Amazon Go, the Journal said this week, citing "people familiar with the matter." Further, there's no longer a timetable for the expected launch of the new store. The delay is because of problems with Amazon's Just Walk Out Shopping technology, the sources told the Journal. Specifically, the Journal says Amazon has had issues with tracking transactions when over 20 people are in the store. As Amazon fumbles with its first major attempt at a small grocery concept, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) is seeing some success from its own approach to making grocery shopping easier: curbside pickup of online orders. In the company's most recent earnings call, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said the service's sales increased 27% year over year over the holidays. Similarly, curbside pickup of orders made online at Wal-Mart's Sam's Club increased 25% year over year during the fourth quarter. Unlike Amazon.com's sentiment toward its new Amazon Go technology, Wal-Mart is optimistic about its progress with curbside pickup. "Customers love being able to order an item with an app and get it that day," McMillon said. Of course, if Amazon can make the Amazon Go technology work, it could be more disruptive than Wal-Mart's more conservative bets on same-day pickup of online orders. But Amazon's initial headwinds in brick-and-mortar grocery show that disrupting giants like Wal-Mart won't happen easily. Daniel Sparks has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Mar 27, 2017 at 7:03PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.32 up $0.66 (0.95%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $856.00 up $9.18 (1.08%) Read More A Foolish Take: Amazon's Robot Army Amazon Forced to Backtrack on Free Shipping Minimum Amazon Prime Instant Video Is a Huge Loss Leader To Challenge Amazon, Wal-Mart Should Follow Lyft's Example Here's What Amazon Actually Plans for Physical Stores Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity Amazon's Plans for Bricks-and-Mortar Stores are Still Young, But It's Clearly Dreaming Big By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Mar 27, 2017 | 8:18 PM EDT Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: wmt, wfm, amzn, aapl, tgt, kr Given the incredible growth delivered by the company over its 23-year history, and how much havoc it has already wreaked in the world of bricks-and-mortar retail over that time, it's easy to get carried away upon seeing reports that Amazon.com (AMZN) is thinking of launching new physical stores and assume we'll soon see the company blanket the U.S. with stores and inflicting pain on everyone from Wal-Mart (WMT)  to Whole Foods (WFM) . It's also easy to take a cynical view and question why Jeff Bezos' company is bothering, considering how far it has gotten with the help of the cost and convenience advantages provided by its online sales model. Both attitudes might be misguided, however. As Bezos is undoubtedly aware, physical retail is a very different game from e-commerce, and both figuring out its nuances and learning to scale a retail footprint to feature hundreds (never mind thousands) of stores is bound to take time and involve some growing pains. However, for a company with Amazon's tremendous scale and fulfillment infrastructure, there is a strong rationale for going in this direction, provided it's selective about the battles it chooses to fight. Over the weekend, The New York Times reported Amazon is thinking of creating stores that would sell large, heavy goods such as furniture and home appliances, which consumers like to view in person before buying. As part of the effort, Amazon is reportedly thinking of "using forms of augmented or virtual reality to allow people to see how couches, stoves and credenzas will look in their homes." The company is also said to be mulling an "electronics-store concept" similar to Apple's  (AAPL) retail stores, and which (naturally) would heavily emphasize Amazon's own hardware. And in India, where Amazon has promised to invest $5 billion and much of the grocery market is still dominated by small stores, the company is thinking of launching grocery stores. In the U.S., Amazon has already opened up several small bookstores that double as Amazon hardware showrooms, and let Prime subscribers buy items for the same prices as which the company sells them online. It has also created pop-up kiosk stores (said to be temporary) within 29 malls that show off the company's hardware. Amazon has also unveiled its Go convenience store concept, which (with the help of cameras, sensors and algorithms) will let customers buy items and leave without ever standing in a checkout line. However, The Wall Street Journal just reported Amazon has delayed the launch of the first Go store, originally set for the end of March, due to a need to fix issues in the technology used to automatically charge customers when they leave. Amazon's U.S. grocery store efforts also seem to cover drive-up locations for picking up orders made via the AmazonFresh grocery service. The New York Times says the company has also "explored another grocery store concept that could serve walk-in customers and act as a hub for home deliveries." In December, the Wall Street Journal reported Amazon's tech team approved a proposal to open "large, multifunction stores with curbside pickup capability," and that it envisions opening over 2,000 bricks-and-mortar grocery stores if its test locations succeed. However, the company soon responded by saying it currently has "no plans to open 2,000 of anything." Taking all of these reports and announcements in aggregate, a few things become clear: Amazon is generally focusing on retail products which many consumers prefer to buy in physical stores, and/or for which shipping challenges limit the effectiveness of online sales. The exception to this rule is Amazon's own electronics hardware, which the company seems driven to promote in physical venues to strengthen its brand, and perhaps also further hook consumers on the Amazon services supported by its hardware. Amazon still isn't sure what it wants to do in many cases, and is thus kicking a lot of tires. In those cases where Amazon has some idea about what it wants to do, it's still often in trial-and-error mode when it comes to the details. Groceries are a good case in point. The weight of many grocery items, along with the need to keep many of them refrigerated or frozen, guarantees that a very large percentage of grocery sales will happen offline for the foreseeable future. As does the fact that consumers prefer to check out many perishable groceries in person before buying them, and often want items in their hands immediately rather than the next day. But as the various store concepts it's exploring show, Amazon is still mulling how best to attack this market, where Wal-Mart, Target (TGT) , supermarket chains such as Kroger (KR) , discount chains such as Aldi and upscale chains such as Whole Foods all loom large. And both the Go store's delayed launch and limited initial selection show how even a bricks-and-mortar project that has been well-hyped the company is in its early innings. Likewise, many consumers still like to visit physical bookstores and page through the merchandise before deciding on something to buy. And the extended amounts of time a lot of them spend while visiting bookstores makes them a good place to promote Fire tablets and Echo speakers. But so far, the November 2015 launch of Amazon's first bookstore has only been followed by four more openings (five more are under construction). Whether it's trying to sell books, vegetables, sofas or refrigerators, the dozens of fulfillment centers Amazon has built out over the U.S. for its e-commerce operations make it much easier for the company to cost-effectively run a bricks-and-mortar operation. As does its burgeoning logistics investments, which cover everything from truck trailers to a shipping fleet to an air cargo hub. Meanwhile, as the bookstores show, Amazon can use a Prime subscriber base believed to top 60 million to drive demand for the stores, while also using store discounts and promotions as one more means of keeping Prime members loyal. Other potential benefits include giving some of Amazon's third-party sellers another distribution channel, and of increasing the company's total (physical plus online) scale to gain more purchasing power with suppliers and lower its per-unit fulfillment and infrastructure costs. On the other hand, as Wal-Mart is aware, optimizing an infrastructure for online sales isn't always the same as doing so for bricks-and-mortar sales. And as Amazon has to know, it can be a lot harder to profitably sell an item at a particular price in a physical store than it can be online, given all the overhead involved. Throw in all the time it takes to get the details right for things like a store concept's locations, size, layout, merchandise selection and customer interactions, and it's very much in Amazon's interests to move cautiously. Such caution, however, shouldn't be taken as a sign that the company doesn't once more have big ambitions. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa As Tesla's Chinese Sales Boom, Tencent Could Be a Useful Partner Apple's Latest Acquisition Spells a Lot of Interesting Possibilities for iPhones and iPads Micron's Earnings Reveal Cloud and SSD Demand Have Joined Rising Prices as Growth Engines BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and the AAP Team reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Man, 74, was test driving car in parking lot…. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Hmong Village trees MN Governor 2018? Parise nailed New Dunkin-Baskin? Lake Superior lighthouse Restaurant insiders’ tips Grlk sauce guy Ecolab Tower News Man, 74, was test driving car in parking lot. He drove into a Cottage Grove pond Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) A vehicle is pulled from a pond in Cottage Grove on Monday after a man test-driving the car went over an embankment near a Walmart. (Special to Forum News Service) By Forum News Service | PUBLISHED: March 28, 2017 at 9:50 pm | UPDATED: March 28, 2017 at 10:46 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Hmong Village and an unlicensed tree trimmer are in hot water after 104 trees cut down in St. Paul Wild winger Zach Parise leaves game after high stick to the face; prognosis unclear Dunkin’ Donuts/Baskin-Robbins store gets go-ahead from West St. Paul I-35 near Forest Lake reopens after fatal motorcycle crash Gophers wide receiver Tyler Johnson stands out in spring practices Gophers basketball guard Ahmad Gilbert to transfer Police said a Woodbury man avoided serious injuries when he drove a vehicle over an embankment and into a drainage pond near Walmart in Cottage Grove. The incident happened shortly after 2:30 p.m. Sunday. According to police, the 74-year-old man was test-driving a vehicle when he drove through a fence in the store parking lot. The vehicle went over the roughly 8-foot embankment, landing in the pond along East Point Douglas Road. A tow truck removes a car from a drainage pond near Walmart in Cottage Grove. The vehicle was driven through the parking lot fence and over the embankment. (Submitted photo/Forum News Service) Bystanders helped pull the man from the vehicle, and police then assisted the bystanders out of the water. First-responders lifted the man in a basket-like stretcher over the retaining wall. He was transported to Regions Hospital in St. Paul as a precaution. The driver did not remember anything after he hit the gas pedal, according to the report. The submerged vehicle was removed from the pond Monday. Related Articles Son of former Inver Grove Heights police chief killed in head-on crash Cottage Grove domestic abuse suspect arrested after standoff Former Cottage Grove pastor pleads guilty in federal child porn case Teen arrested in fight that injured Cottage Grove high school staff Tags:  Cottage Grove Woodbury Forum News Service As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in News Ribbon cutting set for new Stillwater armory, fire station March 28, 2017, 9:24 pm The public will have a chance to tour the new Minnesota National Guard Readiness Center and Stillwater Fire Station during a ribbon cutting and open house next month. The ceremony will be at 1 p.m. April 7; refreshments and tours will immediately follow. The address is 350 Maryknoll Drive, at the northwest corner of Washington County 12 and Boutwell Road. The... Read More Dunkin’ Donuts/Baskin-Robbins store gets go-ahead from West St. Paul March 28, 2017, 10:29 pm West St. Paul officials have given the OK to a developer’s plan to build Minnesota’s . The West St. Paul City Council on Monday unanimously approved plans by Saman RE Holdings to redevelop a South Robert Street site that was home to JT’s Hamburgers, which closed in November, and Suburban Ace Hardware, which closed in 2011. The hamburger joint, which dates... Read More Protester crackdown plan narrows focus at MN Capitol March 28, 2017, 9:54 pm A batch of bills at the Minnesota Legislature geared toward cracking down on protesters have boiled down to one — a proposed rule to heighten criminal penalties against those that block “transit.” Language added to the House’s public safety omnibus bill — debated during a hearing Tuesday — would increase criminal penalties against anyone who obstructs the “operation of a... Read More Hmong Village and an unlicensed tree trimmer are in hot water after 104 trees cut down in St. Paul March 28, 2017, 10:27 pm St. Paul officials say an unlicensed tree trimmer cut down too many trees too soon as part of Hmong Village parking expansion. Read More Deal with Milwaukee developer could move Midway soccer stadium ahead March 28, 2017, 6:10 pm The Midway Shopping Center at Snelling and University avenues in St. Paul will soon be overseen by a developer with an interest in swapping out Rainbow Foods and moving in a Major League Soccer stadium. Read More Fourth lawsuit filed against PolyMet land exchange March 28, 2017, 4:49 pm DULUTH — Another lawsuit has been filed against the U.S. Forest Service decision to approve the land exchange that enables PolyMet Mining Inc. to acquire the property where it wants to build Minnesota’s first copper mine. The groups Save Our Sky Blue Waters, Save Lake Superior Association and the Sierra Club North Star Chapter filed the suit late Monday in... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us FOOD & DRINK Chicken nuggets, chicken fries and patties recalled due to possible contamination Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=1822443" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> WPVI Tuesday, March 28, 2017 09:36PM HOUSTON (WPVI) -- Nearly one million pounds of breaded chicken items are being recalled due to a possible contamination. OK Food Inc. is recalling the chicken after some customers found metal objects in their food. Several brands are part of the recall, including Walmart's Great Value. According to a press release, the problem was discovered on March 21 after five consumers complained about the metal objects. After an investigation, inspectors identified the objects as ones from a conveyor belt. "There have been no confirmed reports of adverse reactions due to consumption of these products. Anyone concerned about an injury or illness should contact a healthcare provider," the press release read. If you have any questions, call(479) 312-2409. A full list of recalled items can be found here. Related Topics: foodconsumerrecallchicken Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. FOOD & DRINK The difference between 'whisky' and 'whiskey' FYI Philly: A break for brunch FYI Philly: Introducing James and Friday Saturday Sunday FYI Philly: Access granted to new restaurants More Food & Drink Top Stories Girl, 5, dropped off at wrong home in bus stop mix-up Excitement, disappointment at West Philly school lottery Suspect at large in North Philly barricade situation Caretaker charged following toddler's death Man killed in Tinicum Twp. forklift accident Fire burns through Hamilton Twp. home Sprinkler system malfunction prompts nursing home evacuation Show More Havertown school struck by lightning, closed Wednesday U.S. Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Wells Fargo to pay $110 million to settle fake account suit Indicted DA Seth Williams in need of a new lawyer Trump tosses Obama's 'clean' energy plan, embraces coal More News Top Video Girl, 5, dropped off at wrong home in bus stop mix-up Excitement, disappointment at West Philly school lottery Fire burns through Hamilton Twp. home Sprinkler system malfunction prompts nursing home evacuation More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Secciones Inicio Nacional Deportes Sucesos Tecnología Economía Entretenimiento Vivir Mundo Data Opinión Diálogos Videos Galerías Infografías Especiales Blogs Somos Célebres Quiosco GN Boletines Multimedia Revista P&G realiza documental junto a NatGeo Suscríbase Reciba notificaciones constantes sobre las secciones de su preferencia portada Últimas noticias nacional deportes sucesos tecnologia economia entretenimiento vivir mundo opinion Ingresar Ingresar 0 No tiene notificaciones pendientes Reciba notificaciones constantes sobre las secciones de su preferencia portada Últimas noticias nacional deportes sucesos tecnologia economia entretenimiento vivir mundo opinion nombreusuario Configuración Salir Somos Célebres P&G realiza documental junto a NatGeo Actualizado el 28 de marzo de 2017 a las 05:54 pm El video relata las historias de familias latinoamericanas, incluidas dos costarricenses, beneficiadas por la iniciativa, que desde 2004 lleva agua potable a las comunidades que más lo necesitan Por Melanie Méndez B. melanie.mendez@nacion.com Somos Célebres P&G realiza documental junto a NatGeo Rellene los campos para enviar el contenido por correo electrónico. De: Para: Se ha enviado correctamente: Noticia La Nación: P&G realiza documental junto a NatGeo Lo sentimos: Ha ocurrido un fallo generalizado del sistema y su mensaje no se ha podido enviar. Pruebe un poco más tarde. Documental "Desafiando el Futuro: la Transformación del Agua". Procter & Gamble (P&G) conmemoró el Día Mundial del Agua con el estreno del documental 'Desafiando el Futuro: la Transformación del Agua'. En este se busca crear conciencia sobre la importancia de que la niñez tenga acceso al agua potable. El video fue producido por National Geographic Latinoamérica y muestra los testimonios en primera persona de las familias latinoamericanas que han sido beneficiadas por el programa Agua Limpia para los Niños, iniciativa sin fines de lucro de P&G que, desde 2004, lleva agua limpia a las comunidades que no tienen acceso al agua potable para beber. Por otro lado, la compañía creó los sobres de Purificador de Agua P&G, cuyo propósito es funcionar como una pequeña planta de tratamiento de agua, que transforma el agua sucia y contaminada en una limpia para beber. Alianza. Walmart de México y Centroamérica y P&G se unen por tercera vez para llevar agua limpia a los costarricense. Del 20 de abril al 5 de julio del 2017 por cada producto P&G tal como Ariel, Pantene, H&S, Gillette, Pampers entre otros, comprado en las tiendas Walmart, MasXMenos, Palí y MaxiPalí, P&G donará el equivalente a un día de agua limpia, para seguir recaudando donaciones destinadas al fondo global de Agua Limpia para los Niños. "Beber agua potable es algo que muchos de nosotros ni nos damos cuenta que estamos haciendo en nuestro día a día, pero es un reto diario para muchas familias en todo el mundo", dijo Fernando Calderón, gerente de Comunicaciones P&G. "El agua limpia tiene el poder de transformar la vida de esas personas, proporcionándoles salud y una mejor calidad de vida. Por eso, trabajamos en forma continua para aumentar la sensibilización acerca de ese tema global tan significativo y el documental producido por National Geographic es una herramienta muy importante para lograr este objetivo”, añade Viviana Calderón, embajadora de P&G. El programa Agua Limpia para los Niños se implementa en Costa Rica desde julio del 2015 a través de una alianza público privada conformada por el Ministerio de Salud, el Instituto Costarricense de Acueductos y Alcantarillados (AyA), la empresa Procter and Gamble (P&G) y la Asociación Empresarial para el Desarrollo (AED). Ha beneficiado a más de 1000 familias. Comparta este artículo Somos Célebres P&G realiza documental junto a NatGeo Rellene los campos para enviar el contenido por correo electrónico. De: Para: Se ha enviado correctamente: Noticia La Nación: P&G realiza documental junto a NatGeo Lo sentimos: Ha ocurrido un fallo generalizado del sistema y su mensaje no se ha podido enviar. Pruebe un poco más tarde. Melanie Méndez B. melanie.mendez@nacion.com Periodista Periodista de la mesa de Revistas y Suplementos y vinculada a La Nación desde 2014. Escribe sobre estilo de vida, belleza y moda. Licenciada en Periodismo con énfasis en el área social de la Universidad Internacional de las Américas. Ver comentarios Lo más leido 'Contámelo todo' saldrá del aire este viernes 31 de marzo, confirma Repretel Municipalidad de Moravia aprueba moción de censura tras incidente con pareja gay en un bar Costa Rica saca un punto de oro con empate 1-1 ante Honduras Red criminal manipuló millonarios créditos del Infocoop a su antojo El comediante mexicano Adal Ramones se casará este año Últimas noticias 12:01 A.M. Trump the Destroyer 12:00 A.M. En el MADC, una obra se desborda y crece a su modo 12:00 A.M. 29 nuevos rescatistas salvarán vidas en el mar 12:00 A.M. Conflicto por ropa sucia en hospital puntarenense 12:00 A.M. Ragga by Roots encenderá la llama una noche más 12:00 A.M. Dos diccionarios 12:00 A.M. Premios y méritos 12:00 A.M. Cómo la corrupción agrava el cambio climático 12:00 A.M. Una convención trascendental 12:00 A.M. Hablemos claro 12:00 A.M. Cartas a la Columna 12:00 A.M. Caos en Libia 12:00 A.M. Croissants de salmón ahumado 12:00 A.M. Factura electrónica debe expresarse en colones, sostiene director de Tributación 12:00 A.M. Carlos Vargas: “Puedo tener transacciones en dólares, eso no es ningún problema” Ver más Obtenga acceso digital ilimitado Más de esta sección Best Western realizará un 'open house' de bodas Crautos.com celebra 18 años con campaña 'Practica texto seguro' Cerveza estadounidense Gennesse llega a Costa Rica Westin Playa Conchal renueva opciones de entretenimiento Purdy Motor donará un árbol por cada Toyota reservado en Expomóvil Alma Studio, un entrenamiento integral Regresar a la nota Quienes somos Reglamentos Condiciones de uso Políticas de Privacidad Estados Financieros Publicidad Contáctenos Otras publicaciones El Financiero Perfil La Teja Sabores Productos comerciales Club Nación El Empleo Yuplón Boletería Buscomi Eme de Mujer Otros Productos Parque Viva Puro Vino Printea Coleccionables Fussio LN Tienda suscripciones Planes digitales Beneficios Boletines Cualquier modalidad de uso de los contenidos de nuestros sitios como reproducción, difusión o enlaces en Internet, total o parcialmente, sólo podrá hacerse con la autorización previa y por escrito de Grupo Nación S.A Servicio al cliente: (+506)2247-4343. información: experiencia@nacion.com Central telefónica: (+506)2274-4747. Apartado postal: 10138-1000 San José, Costa Rica. Grupo Nación © 2016
Facebook Pinterest Instagram Search Everyday Cooking Meal Planning Grocery Shopping Budget Smart Tips Kitchn Meal Plans Kitchn Menus How To Cooking Lessons Baking Lessons Knife Lessons Meat Lessons Pro Technique Surprising Ideas Cooking School Baking School Living At Home With... Kitchn Life Opinion LOL Healthy Living Children Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Tools Organizing Rental Kitchens Pantry Set Up a Kitchen Gather Kitchn Gatherings Cocktails Dinner for a Crowd Great Gifts Weddings Etiquette Holidays Gift Guides Travel Shopping Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Dessert Cocktails Baking Videos Are Microwave Drawers Worth the Extra Expense? The Smart Appliance Shopper Are Microwave Drawers Worth the Extra Expense? Brittany Burke Mar 27, 2017 Appliances Microwaves Home Share Pin It Email Share Email (Image credit: Sharp) Share Email I'm going to take a wild guess and assume that your favorite thing about your kitchen is not the microwave. The gorgeous morning light? Sure. The reclaimed wood table? Definitely. Your new oven? Yay! The microwave? Well, that's usually more of a functional necessity than anyone's hallmark piece. That's not to mention that it poses its own set of design challenges. You could leave it floating on a countertop, but then your work space might look cluttered. You could get one that goes above your range, but those types don't have the bandwidth to ventilate as well as typical hoods, so that's a tough compromise for an everyday cook. There are even built-in oven/microwave options, but that's assuming you're not the type to want a stovetop that includes an oven. If you have a big pantry (lucky duck!), you can always tuck the microwave away, but then it's not super easy to access. It's all a bit of a Goldilocks situation, you know? Enter: the microwave drawer. Instead of having a free-standing appliance, these slip flush into your cabinetry and slide out to open. Unlike the standard microwaves you can buy for $50 at Walmart, these high-tech drawers start in the $900 range and go up from there. Is the splurge worth it? Check out this list of pros and then you tell us. 1. They're much easier to open and close. Just like a lot of things in life — like scissors and inky ballpoint pens — traditional microwaves favor right-handed people. The buttons are usually on the right and the door swings out to allow easy access for right-handed people. A microwave drawer has no preference for righties or lefties. It just slides out and is an equal opportunity reheater. 2. They cut out a lot of the danger. If you've ever kept a microwave on top of your fridge (or anywhere high up), you know what I'm talking about here. Reaching up for something hot is a very bad idea — and yet so many people think it's normal! Moving hot dishes from the microwave to countertop becomes less precarious when you have a drawer-style microwave 3. They're childproof. Most microwave drawers have a lockout feature that can require a user to enter a passcode before the door opens. That way, nothing can get in that isn't meant to be there (unless Barbie slips in while you're not looking — she's sneaky like that). 4. They're a breeze to clean. Microwave drawers don't have plates (you know, those turntables that always seem to stop spinning eventually). They're just one big space that you can easily wipe clean — no plates, grooves, or perfect puzzle pieces to worry about! You can also just bend down to clean, versus straining on your tippy toes to reach the very back of a deep, high-up machine. 5. They make good use of space. Remember all those placement options I talked about earlier? Yeah, none of them are really ideal. By putting a microwave drawer in a kitchen island or under the countertop, you can free up counter space and have the ultimate appliance layout. Thoughts? Is a microwave drawer a worthy splurge? More posts in The Smart Appliance Shopper 5 Questions to Ask Yourself Before Buying a New Dishwasher You are on the last post of the series. Share Email Submit a story Got a tip, kitchen tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2017 Apartment Therapy, LLC. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Wednesday March 29 2017 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives News Canada MANDEL 'Your heart is bleeding' By Michele Mandel, Toronto Sun First posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:42 PM MDT | Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:53 PM MDT Gentle giant Kenneth Mark was murdered as 2009 came to a wintry close. Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error Related Stories Patients left in dark about stalker doc He was killed for doing the right thing, for ignoring the code of silence, and daring to “crack to coppers.” And for that, gentle giant Kenneth Mark was murdered as 2009 came to a wintry close. Now more than seven years after burying her son, Maureen Mark was in the Ontario Court of Appeal as her child’s killer fought for a new trial. “My good, good son has been taken. No way, hell would have to freeze over, that I wouldn’t be here,” she explained. But at one point it was all too much, and she had to flee the courtroom in tears. “From the day my son died, there is pain every day. You go to bed, your heart is bleeding. You wake up, your heart is bleeding. You’re lost.” Former rapper Lamar Skeete is serving a life sentence for the Dec. 29, 2009 execution of her 30-year-old son. Lawyer Timothy Breen told the appeal court that the first-degree murder case against Skeete was wholly circumstantial and Justice Ian Nordheimer erred by allowing the jury to hear “highly prejudicial” evidence the Crown used to prove motive: Rap lyrics the murder suspect wrote while in the Don Jail that included the line, “Real niggas don’t crack to the coppers,” and the details behind an earlier murder attempt on Mark that was eventually withdrawn against Skeete a year before the killing. Mark was a Walmart supervisor known to be a quiet and gentle man. But when he heard Skeete’s younger brother had been flashing a firearm in front of his nieces in the St. Clair Ave. W. housing project where they lived, the angry uncle used his full 6-foot-4, 307-pound size to pull the kid by the collar off his bike and order him to stay away. A few days later, on Sept. 2, 2008, Mark was blasted in the back with 57 buckshot pellets from a shotgun. He recognized the masked attackers as Skeete and his brother but was originally reluctant to identify them. After a police community meeting a few months later, he broke his silence and gave a videotaped statement. It was a brave move. As Nordheimer would later say, Mark was the kind of “young man we need in this city ... He was someone who worked to build his community up, not tear it down.” And for that, he was killed. Skeete, already in jail at the time for robbery, and his brother were both arrested for attempted murder. The Crown eventually dropped the charge against Skeete because they saw no reasonable prospect of conviction. The case against his brother went ahead with Mark testifying — but the youth was acquitted because the judge wasn’t convinced of his identification beyond a reasonable doubt. Thirteen months after the charges were laid, both brothers were free. And 12 days later, Mark was picking up his favourite dinner of wings and fries when he was shot again, this time with a fatal .22-calibre bullet to the back of his head. Crown attorneys Mary Humphrey and Karen Simone would argue at trial that Skeete either ordered the murder or did the deed himself as retribution for breaking the code and ratting him out to police. But on appeal, his lawyer said the jury shouldn’t have been told about the men’s past history — especially since Skeete wasn’t convicted of the attempted murder. It unfairly led jurors to assume that he would use a gun again, Breen said. The jury should have been kept in the dark rather than have the context to what transpired. The lawyer also raised the race card — telling the panel of appeal judges that “we live in a racist society” and introducing Skeete’s rap lyrics tainted the jury by reinforcing the “racial stereotype that rap is the language of known criminals.” The court reserved its judgment. “I’m not worried,” Mark’s mother said at the end of the long day of argument. “I have faith the judges have all the evidence and they’re going to make the right decision. “Like I told him on the day of the verdict: ‘You’re going to rot in hell.’ He’s not going anywhere.” Read Mandel Wednesday through Saturday As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN MANDEL 'Your heart is bleeding' By Michele Mandel, Toronto Sun First posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:42 PM MDT | Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:53 PM MDT He was killed for doing the right thing, for ignoring the code of silence, and daring to “crack to coppers.” And for that, gentle giant Kenneth Mark was murdered as 2009 came to a wintry close. Now more than seven years after burying her son, Maureen Mark was in the Ontario Court of Appeal as her child’s killer fought for a new trial. “My good, good son has been taken. No way, hell would have to freeze over, that I wouldn’t be here,” she explained. But at one point it was all too much, and she had to flee the courtroom in tears. “From the day my son died, there is pain every day. You go to bed, your heart is bleeding. You wake up, your heart is bleeding. You’re lost.” Former rapper Lamar Skeete is serving a life sentence for the Dec. 29, 2009 execution of her 30-year-old son. About the author Michele Mandel Other Stories Patients left in dark about stalker doc A prominent GTA cardiologist won’t be reinstated at William Osler Health System after threatening and cyberstalking a nurse with whom he’d developed “a one-sided obsession.” Judge blasts feuding couple for wasting taxdollars What an outrageous waste of taxpayers’ dollars. See more from Michele Mandel » Top stories Popular Latest Videos It's official, Oilers punch playoff ticket for first time since 2006 Meeting McDavid a dream Accused testifies as manslaughter Whyte Ave. bar fight case wraps up Earth's soil could transmit electricity to your home, car: University of Alberta researchers RCMP charge Edmonton man after seizing steroids in Hong Kong package It's official, Oilers punch playoff ticket for first time since 2006 Arisa Cox breaks down this week's chaotic Big Brother Canada Canadian airport employees ID’d as ISIS supporters: Report No 'Pants' but new Norway men's curling champs sure to fit right in at world championship High school cheerleader in Oregon dies after being pinned beneath log along beach Police investigate two car crash in Delton RAW Aerial Park Police shooting scene and ETS bus Jason Kenney on NDP "sewer rat" comment AUPE Local 47 protest More from Canada Woman suffered 'significant trauma that was not survivable' after falling down chute: Inquest Canadian airport employees ID’d as ISIS supporters: Report Animals found dead without their ears in Manitoba Earth's soil could transmit electricity to your home, car: University of Alberta researchers 'Your heart is bleeding' Inside Edmonton sun.com Home Rounds Fore Less 2016 Home Send/read letters News Woman suffered 'trauma' falling down chute News Animals found dead without their ears in Manitoba News Teen dies after being pinned beneath beach log News Mumps outbreak expands Sports USA Hockey, women's players sign deal News Cataract surgery wait times rise Sports NFL/CFL joint-officiating program to return Sports New concussion tool for next season? Sports St. FX Rams win provincial basketball bronze Sports Canada pumped to face U.S. rival Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Weather Circulars Jail mugs MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Trump says he expects a health care deal ‘very quickly’ U.S. House votes to block Obama-era online privacy rule Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Hy-Vee Hoopla Bracket Challenge Featured Kevin Haskin: After fearlessly defying odds, NBA bid by Mason not to be ruled out Royals, key players looking for bounce-back season in 2017 Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured Not a lumberjack? You can still eat a filling breakfast Added protein rounds out Greek salad Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Editorial: Don’t veto the Medicaid bill Rocky Nichols: The disability community urges expansion of Medicaid Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted March 28, 2017 01:37 pm - Updated March 28, 2017 05:50 pm By Savanna Maue savanna.maue@cjonline.com Blue Moose Bar & Grill announces April opening of Lawrence location Blue Moose will open a Lawrence location in April. (Blue Moose Lawrence/Facebook) The Blue Moose Bar & Grill will be expanding to break into the Lawrence market. (Savanna Maue/The Capital-Journal) The Blue Moose Bar & Grill will be expanding to break into the Lawrence market. (Savanna Maue/The Capital-Journal) After announcing its expansion to Manhattan in June, the Blue Moose Bar & Grill announced Tuesday that the popular restaurant, which already has a Topeka location, will expand to break into the Lawrence market as well. The restaurant will be at 6th and Wakarusa, just east of Walmart, at 525 Wakarusa Suite D, next door to SPIN! Neapolitan Pizza. It is expected to open April 24. “Lawrence is a great community, and with our ties in Kansas City, many people have asked for us to come to the market over the years,” KC Hopps CEO Chris Sutton said in an email. “We love that it’s on the way to Manhattan and Topeka where our other Western Kansas locations are. We have really enjoyed expanding, the communities have been very supportive and enthusiastic. And of course, we are big KU fans too!” The Blue Moose Bar & Grill originally opened in 2002 in Prairie Village. The restaurant chain has expanded in recent years to Overland Park, Lenexa, Topeka and Manhattan. Its menu features fresh ingredients and offers a variety of small plates, salads, gourmet pizzas and sandwiches, steaks, chops and seafood. The Lawrence Blue Moose location will feature nightly drink specials and a selection of wine and local beers on tap. With a variety of local brews avialable in Lawrence, Blue Moose will offer Free State Brewing Co.’s Yakimaniac IPA on tap and Copperhead Pale Ale in bottles, as well as Yankee Tank Brewing’s Scissortail American-style cream on tap. The restaurant chain is owned and managed by Overland Park-based investors KC Hopps Ltd., according to a news release. KC Hopps restaurants also include Barley’s Kitchen + Tap, O’Dowd’s Little Dublin, Stroud’s Pan-Fried Chicken and Hopps Catering. “We are very excited to bring the Blue Moose concept to the Lawrence market,” said Ed Nelson, president of KC Hopps. “We’ve built a significant following with our diverse menu, our Tuesday and Thursday drink specials and the popular Sunday brunch.” Sunday brunch will be served from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. with a full buffet including bacon, breakfast sausage, oven-baked ham, biscuits and gravy, waffles and made-to-order options, such as eggs Benedict and an omelet bar with 40 add-in ingredients. Sutton said there will be no distinct differences at the Lawrence location, as it will feature the same menu, hand-crafted cocktails and an extensive wine and beer list. The location also will offer an open-air patio and a private room that can accommodate up to 40 people. Advertisement Most Popular News Tue, 03/28/2017 - 17:53 Kansas Senate approves KanCare expansion, sends bill to Gov. Sam Brownback News Tue, 03/28/2017 - 16:45 78-year-old woman injured after being hit by car at Topeka Apple Market News Tue, 03/28/2017 - 16:33 Kansas Public Radio and audio reader network facing $400,000 in total budget cuts News Tue, 03/28/2017 - 17:17 National Geographic picks Topeka Zoo educator for expedition to Galapagos Islands   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Tue, 03/28/2017 - 17:50 Blue Moose Bar & Grill announces April opening of Lawrence location Tue, 03/28/2017 - 10:31 Toby Keith video presses for wildfire relief donations Luke Ranker Activists share story of Charles Sheldon in hopes of inspiring bipartisan advocacy Savanna Maue Tulip Time Festival Queen discusses upcoming reign, peculiar hobby Load more   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air All DJs Shows/Schedule Ocean County Breakfast Show Shawn Michaels Sue Moll Lisa Leonard Justin Louis Topic A with Bob Levy & Jeremy Grunin Listen Listen Live The 92.7 WOBM App Playlist Recently Played Events WOBM Contests & Events Hometown Happenings Listener Club Sign Up Contests Support Meridian Tuned in to Health News Ocean County News New Jersey News Political News Polling Institute Traffic Weather Surf, Sun Report Ocean County Stormwatch Storm Closings Stormwatch Q + A Lowest Gas Prices On The Jersey Shore Ask The Governor Ask the Congressman with Rep. Tom MacArthur Work With the MODC Features Introducing: The 92.7 WOBM Mobile App Hometown View Student of the Week Ocean County Paranormal Jeremy’s Donating His Salary Townsquare TV Contact Contact/Directions Send Feedback Advertise Trouble Hearing WOBM? Request A Song Employment Contest Rules Submit a W-9 Website Development Community Calendar Local Experts Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Tip Us What’s Hot Get The WOBM App! Mascot Madness Make It A Memory, Not A Mistake Win Jeremy’s Salary Hometown View WOBM on YouTube Ask The Congressman Stormwatch Tweet @WOBM Shawn & Sue’s Podcast Townsquare TV Trouble Hearing WOBM? Huddle for Heroes One Of Europe’s Biggest Chains Is Coming To Ocean County By Justin Louis March 28, 2017 6:44 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter paulprescott72 – ThinkStock New stores coming to the area is always a popular topic of conversation, and possibly as soon as this year, a European mega-chain could be opening some of its first American doors right here in Ocean County. Both the Asbury Park Press and NJ.com are reporting that Germany-based chain Lidl is not only working on nearly a dozen locations for New Jersey, but one is being planned for Route 9 in Lacey Township. Lidl is basically Europe’s version of Walmart, with over 10,000 stores across the continent. While their stores are a common sight on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean, they have yet to make inroads in the U.S. market. But they’re actively working on changing that, possibly by as early as this summer. Their first foray into America is being focused on the East Coast, with at least 10 stores in various stages of planning for New Jersey, including; Cherry Hill, Gloucester Township, Burlington Township, Cinnaminson, Mantua, Egg Harbor Township, Millville, Hazlet, Eatontown, and the previously mentioned Lacey Township location. Some, like the Cherry Hill location, are just in the consideration phase. While others, like the Lacey and Eatontown locations, have already gained approval and are in the active planning stages. We’ll of course keep you updated as more specifics, including projected opening dates, come out.   Up Next – Find out how to park for free in downtown Toms River! Subscribe to 92.7 WOBM on   Sign Up For The WOBM Newsletter Email* Filed Under: grocery stores | Lacey Township | Lidl | New Businesses | When Is Lidl Opening In New Jersey Category: Articles | Community | Lifestyle Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WOBM One Of Europe’s Biggest Chains Is Coming To Ocean County We Have Your Tickets To Olivia Newton-John This Week! New ‘Jumanji’ Movie Features a Magical Video Game Instead of a Magical Board Game FOX Now Bidding for ‘American Idol’ Revival Over NBC Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the DJs Shawn Michaels Sue Moll Lisa Leonard Justin Louis Brian Moore 92.7 WOBM on Facebook Sign up for the 92.7 WOBM newsletter Get the latest from 92.7 WOBM. Join The Listener Club Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now The Latest From 92.7 WOBM Recognize him? Wanted in Stafford for trailer theft March 28, 2017 One Of Europe’s Biggest Chains Is Coming To Ocean County March 28, 2017 Howell traffic violation takes investigators to international scammers March 28, 2017 #Quadzilla attacks! Manchester police seek ATV-borne school-wrecker March 28, 2017 We Have Your Tickets To Olivia Newton-John This Week! March 28, 2017 Big Results for Small Business Devote more time to running your business. Engage your clients across multiple platforms. Reach more customers than ever before. Get an Edge on the Competition Today! PopCrush Network Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Jersey Shore Business Listings Welcome back to WOBM Listener Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to WOBM Listener Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wobm.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to WOBM Listener Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here WOBM Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up for WOBM Listener Club Register Now Sign up for WOBM Listener Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! WOBM Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive WOBM Listener Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook WOBM Listener Club brought to you by: 92.7 WOBM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Isabella County Deputies Searching For Man They Believe Put Porn - Northern Michigan's News Leader 9&10 Contests & Events CBS Shows What's On Mugshots Connect with Us Alerts & Emails News Tips News Michigan This Morning Latest News Michigan News National International News Business News Features News Tips Election 2016 Weather Radar & Temp Maps Severe Weather Alerts Live Skycams Live Weather Stations Interactive Radar Local River Levels School Closings & Delays Ski Report My View Fish & Game Report Sports Video Sports Video Sights & Sounds of Northern Michigan Northern Michigan In Focus Video Healthy Living Video Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Video Hometown Tourist Video Cooking with Chef Hermann Video Expert Tips Videos Grant Me Hope Video View All Video Features Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Brewvine Cooking with Chef Hermann Grant Me Hope Healthy Living Inside the Kitchen Jack's Journal MedWatch My North Ticket Minute Projects You Pin View All Features Community Brewvine Community Calendar Contests & Events Expert Tips Games Helping Hands Law Help Line My View School Closings & Delays Virtual Buck Pole LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Advertising Sales Creative Services Employment Opportunities Contact Us Station Overview NMD Fox 32 Fox 32 Contests & Events Fox Shows What's On Fox Topix About Fox 32 News Tips Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Isabella County Deputies Searching For Man They Believe Put Pornographic Material On Cars Posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 6:12 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 6:47 PM EDT By Taylor Jones, Reporter Email Connect TaylorJones@9and10news.com Follow @TaylorTV910 Deputies are searching for a man they believe put pornographic material on cars in Mount Pleasant. It all started last week. A girl came out of target in Mount Pleasant to find a pornographic DVD and hand written note on her windshield. The man sits in his car and watches their reactions. Then Friday the same thing happened at Walmart. Since then several other people have come forward saying something similar happened to them in Mount Pleasant. There are two other cases in Manistee. After reviewing security footage at Walmart, police believe they have their suspect. “Our biggest thing is to get a tip that pans out, that leads into our suspect and find out why and what is going on, have a conversation and know there is a misdemeanor charge for these crimes so we can certainly want to get it stopped, it’s pretty disturbing,” says Sheriff Michael Main.    If you recognize the man in the photo, call the Isabella County sheriff's department. Latest NewsMore>> A Heartwarming Welcome Home To Johannesburg After Being Deployed For 9 Months A Heartwarming Welcome Home To Johannesburg After Being Deployed For 9 Months Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:00 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:00:21 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 1:20 AM EDT2017-03-29 05:20:46 GMT A heartwarming gesture by a Northern Michigan community to welcome a soldier home from serving overseas. A heartwarming gesture by a Northern Michigan community to welcome a soldier home from serving overseas. Pontiac Silverdome Set To Be Destroyed Pontiac Silverdome Set To Be Destroyed Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:01 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:01:40 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:01 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:01:40 GMT A major demolition is happening downstate. Tuesday we're learning the Pontiac Silverdome is set to be destroyed. A major demolition is happening downstate. Tuesday we're learning the Pontiac Silverdome is set to be destroyed. Man Shot By Manistee Police After Refusing Orders To Drop Weapon Man Shot By Manistee Police After Refusing Orders To Drop Weapon Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 8:17 PM EDT2017-03-29 00:17:43 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:26 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:26:48 GMT A man was shot after Manistee Police say he refused orders to drop his gun he was pointing at an officer.  A man was shot after Manistee Police say he refused orders to drop his gun he was pointing at an officer.  Midland Organization Holds Community Forum Raising Awareness To Heroin Midland Organization Holds Community Forum Raising Awareness To Heroin Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:33 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:33:28 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:33 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:33:28 GMT A local organization, raising awareness about the impact of heroin on communities close to home. Around 90 people die from heroin and opiate drugs in the U.S. on a daily basis. A local organization, raising awareness about the impact of heroin on communities close to home. Around 90 people die from heroin and opiate drugs in the U.S. on a daily basis. Midland Man Brings Home Gold From Special Olympic World Games Midland Man Brings Home Gold From Special Olympic World Games Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:26 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:26:56 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:26 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:26:56 GMT A Central Michigan man is coming home a hero after taking gold at the Special Olympics World Games. Joe Kaczynski is from Midland. He's been involved with the Special Olympics for years. A Central Michigan man is coming home a hero after taking gold at the Special Olympics World Games. Joe Kaczynski is from Midland. He's been involved with the Special Olympics for years. Isabella County Deputies Searching For Man They Believe Put Pornographic Material On Cars Isabella County Deputies Searching For Man They Believe Put Pornographic Material On Cars Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:12 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:12:49 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:47 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:47:34 GMT Deputies are searching for a man they believe put pornographic material on cars in Mount Pleasant. It all started last week. Deputies are searching for a man they believe put pornographic material on cars in Mount Pleasant. It all started last week. Man Leads Mount Pleasant Police On Chase Man Leads Mount Pleasant Police On Chase Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:20 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:20:51 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:25 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:25:19 GMT Caught on camera, an unusual police chase in Mount Pleasant. Despite flashing lights and sirens for miles, a man says he didn't know police were trying to stop him. Caught on camera, an unusual police chase in Mount Pleasant. Despite flashing lights and sirens for miles, a man says he didn't know police were trying to stop him. Traverse City's TART Trails & Paddle for Pints Honored for Innovative Tourism Traverse City's TART Trails & Paddle for Pints Honored for Innovative Tourism Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:13 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:13:34 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:13 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:13:34 GMT Northern Michigan is once again being recognized in the tourism industry. Northern Michigan is once again being recognized in the tourism industry. Shepherd Diner To Close And Become Full Time Catering Service Shepherd Diner To Close And Become Full Time Catering Service Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:11 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:11:02 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:11 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:11:02 GMT A bittersweet time for a Shepherd business owner who is closing her diner.  A bittersweet time for a Shepherd business owner who is closing her diner.  Cadillac YMCA and MSP Offer Spring Break Safety Tips & Programs Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:09 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:09:51 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:10 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:10:26 GMT The attempted kidnapping in Engadine is a reminder about keeping children safe, especially when they are not in school during breaks.   The attempted kidnapping in Engadine is a reminder about keeping children safe, especially when they are not in school during breaks.      Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> New House Bill Would Get Rid Of Concealed Pistol Licenses New House Bill Would Get Rid Of Concealed Pistol Licenses Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:33 AM EDT2017-03-28 15:33:40 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:33 AM EDT2017-03-28 15:33:40 GMT A new bill introduced into the House Tuesday would get rid of concealed pistol licenses.  A new bill introduced into the House Tuesday would get rid of concealed pistol licenses.  Legislation Introduced To Get Rid Of Concealed Pistol Licenses Legislation Introduced To Get Rid Of Concealed Pistol Licenses Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:28 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:28:12 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:48 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:48:04 GMT A package of bills introduced in the Michigan House of Representatives could remove penalties for carrying a concealed pistol without a government permit. A package of bills introduced in the Michigan House of Representatives could remove penalties for carrying a concealed pistol without a government permit. Man Shot By Manistee Police After Refusing Orders To Drop Weapon Man Shot By Manistee Police After Refusing Orders To Drop Weapon Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 8:17 PM EDT2017-03-29 00:17:43 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:26 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:26:48 GMT A man was shot after Manistee Police say he refused orders to drop his gun he was pointing at an officer.  A man was shot after Manistee Police say he refused orders to drop his gun he was pointing at an officer.  Cadillac Man Arrested After Police Say He Charged At Boys With Large Knife Cadillac Man Arrested After Police Say He Charged At Boys With Large Knife Posted: Monday, March 27 2017 6:39 PM EDT2017-03-27 22:39:41 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:30 AM EDT2017-03-28 15:30:13 GMT We can now show you the man police say chased a group of boys down a city sidewalk with a large knife. We can now show you the man police say chased a group of boys down a city sidewalk with a large knife. Mackinac County Deputies Investigating Attempted Child Abduction Mackinac County Deputies Investigating Attempted Child Abduction Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:20 AM EDT2017-03-28 15:20:09 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:20 AM EDT2017-03-28 15:20:09 GMT Deputies in Mackinac County are investigating an attempted child abduction.  Deputies in Mackinac County are investigating an attempted child abduction.  Isabella County Deputies Searching For Man They Believe Put Pornographic Material On Cars Isabella County Deputies Searching For Man They Believe Put Pornographic Material On Cars Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:12 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:12:49 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:47 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:47:34 GMT Deputies are searching for a man they believe put pornographic material on cars in Mount Pleasant. It all started last week. Deputies are searching for a man they believe put pornographic material on cars in Mount Pleasant. It all started last week. Man Leads Mount Pleasant Police On Chase Man Leads Mount Pleasant Police On Chase Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:20 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:20:51 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 6:25 PM EDT2017-03-28 22:25:19 GMT Caught on camera, an unusual police chase in Mount Pleasant. Despite flashing lights and sirens for miles, a man says he didn't know police were trying to stop him. Caught on camera, an unusual police chase in Mount Pleasant. Despite flashing lights and sirens for miles, a man says he didn't know police were trying to stop him. Chippewa Co. Woman Chosen As Finalist In America's Greatest School Nurse Competition Chippewa Co. Woman Chosen As Finalist In America's Greatest School Nurse Competition Posted: Tuesday, March 28 2017 12:10 PM EDT2017-03-28 16:10:28 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 12:10 PM EDT2017-03-28 16:10:28 GMT A Chippewa County school nurse is in the running to be named America’s Greatest School Nurse.  A Chippewa County school nurse is in the running to be named America’s Greatest School Nurse.  Pontiac Silverdome Set To Be Destroyed Pontiac Silverdome Set To Be Destroyed Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:01 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:01:40 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:01 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:01:40 GMT A major demolition is happening downstate. Tuesday we're learning the Pontiac Silverdome is set to be destroyed. A major demolition is happening downstate. Tuesday we're learning the Pontiac Silverdome is set to be destroyed. Lake City Woman Wakes Up To Find Stranger In Bed, Deputies Arrest Him Lake City Woman Wakes Up To Find Stranger In Bed, Deputies Arrest Him Posted: Monday, March 27 2017 6:37 PM EDT2017-03-27 22:37:15 GMT Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 6:54 PM EDT2017-03-27 22:54:12 GMT An unsettling crime in a Missaukee County neighborhood... Deputies say this man went into a woman's home and crawled into bed with her.  An unsettling crime in a Missaukee County neighborhood... Deputies say this man went into a woman's home and crawled into bed with her.     Home Features Cooking with Chef Hermann Contests & Events News Tips What's On Virtual Buck Pole News Feedback at 5:00 Michigan News National News Entertainment News News Tips Business News International News Weather Weather Alerts Skycams Radar & Temp Maps Live Weather Stations My View School Closings & Delays Sports Local Sports Headlines College Sports Michigan Sports National Sports Sports Overtime Local Sports Scores Health Living Right Healthy Living About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Creative Services Contact Us WWTV FCC Public File WFQX FCC Public File All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Heritage Broadcasting. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you think the Greenprint Program has been a success? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Police Blotter Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-03-29 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events New Member Welcome 10:30 a.m. Friday, March 31 — All new members, or anyone wanting to learn more about the center, are invited to attend this session. A tour of the building will be given, and light refreshments will be served. Travel News Polonia Depart 8:45 a.m., return 4:30 p.m. Monday, April 10 — Enjoy a historic two-hour tour of Buffalo’s historic Polonia neighborhood. Lunch will be served at Chef’s Restaurant. The last stop of the day will be at the Broadway Market. The cost is $67. Make checks payable to Maxima Tours Ltd. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Amazon's Time-Saving Trick for Groceries: You Drive to Us subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours What it's like to be a Muslim comedian in Trump's America bit.ly/2ner3ay Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 03.28.17. 03.28.17 Time of Publication: 4:58 pm. 4:58 pm Amazon’s Time-Saving Trick for Groceries: You Drive to Us Amazon is diving deeper into the instant-gratification business, but with a twist: Now you come to them. The company this morning unveiled AmazonFresh Pickup: order groceries online, then drive to an Amazon-run store, where a worker brings them all bagged up to your car. The first two grocery pickup spots are in Seattle and available only to Amazon employees. When the company finally opens the service to the public, grocery pickup will become yet another Amazon Prime perk. But groceries are more than just another add-on for Amazon. Analysts predict online shopping could amount to 20 percent of all grocery spending within the next decade. This isn’t Amazon’s first attempt at groceries, or a physical store. But in combining the two, the company has hit on a competitive strategy that just might work. As far back as August 2007, Amazon was testing its first iteration of Fresh, delivering groceries from its vast network of fulfillment centers. But the rollout of that service proved complicated. Amazon started out charging Prime customers $299 per year for the service before settling on $14.99 per month. The biggest challenge for Amazon: Groceries aren’t like any other consumer good. Related Stories Geoffrey A. Manne and Jennifer MacLean Sorry, But Amazon Isn’t Actually Annihilating Retail Jobs Davey Alba Amazon’s Real Future Isn’t Drones. It’s Self-Driving Trucks Davey Alba Sorry, Donald Trump: Amazon Dominates, But It’s No Monopoly Davey Alba Only Amazon Could Make a Checkout-Free Grocery Store a Reality “It’s notoriously difficult to stay profitable by delivering groceries,” says Jason Goldberg, vice president of commerce at the digital marketing company Razorfish. “Perishables must arrive when a consumer is home to receive them and put them in a refrigerator.” And Amazon can’t really work like Amazon when you have to be home. What’s more, groceries require a greater human touch on Amazon’s end, from the complicated packaging of delicate perishables to delivery drivers needing to take the shortest route possible so they don’t spoil. Goldberg says these headaches make Amazon’s new come-to-us approach the better way to handle groceries online. Not that Amazon is the first to figure this out. Both Walmart and Kroger offer similar services that are doing rather well. And while Amazon has invested intensely in building distribution centers closer to major metro areas, Walmart still has many more stores closer to many more Americans. At the same time, Amazon’s promise of orders ready in 15 minutes appears to far outstrip its’ rivals 2-to-4-hour order prep times—the difference between truly being able to order your groceries on the fly, and doing it during breakfast time then planning an afternoon pick-up trip. Basically, Amazon doesn’t have to win the entire grocery game to do well. “Everyone likes to talk about all these things as if it’s a ‘winner take all’ market,” says Goldberg. “But the history of retail doesn’t bear that out.” For one thing, Amazon already knows where it has a high concentration of Prime members. It can focus its efforts on winning these markets without needing to over-commit resources to any kind of broader national rollout. As with so much else it does, Amazon will also likely focus on user experience over profit to win over new customers. “That captures Amazon’s culture really well,” says ChannelAdvisor executive chairman Scot Wingo, an analyst who tracks Amazon closely. Amazon will likely try to be competitive on price, but it probably won’t go all in on a race to the bottom. Instead, it will no doubt play to its strengths—in this case, logistics, tweaking prices using algorithms, and ease of use—to win customers over through sheer convenience. In other words, Amazon may not save you money compared to the other big chains. But if pickup works like it should, it will save you time. And hooking you on that ease still helps Amazon’s bottom line, since getting you to spend the time and money driving to those pickup points costs Amazon way less than bringing them to you. If pickup proves successful, Amazon will have pulled off a neat trick: the company that changed retail forever by bringing everything to your door will have convinced you to do the driving. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Amazon food Retail Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Security Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Kevin Mitnick VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Privacy VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Klint Finley Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Security Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Garrett M. Graff The Creators of Serial Are Back With a Binge-Ready New Podcast Podcasts The Creators of Serial Are Back With a Binge-Ready New Podcast Charley Locke Ridley Scott Reveals the Origin of His Androids in the Alien Saga Movies Ridley Scott Reveals the Origin of His Androids in the Alien Saga Charley Locke Amazon’s Time-Saving Trick for Groceries: You Drive to Us Retail Amazon’s Time-Saving Trick for Groceries: You Drive to Us Davey Alba I Took the AI Class Facebookers Are Literally Sprinting to Get Into Artificial Intelligence I Took the AI Class Facebookers Are Literally Sprinting to Get Into Cade Metz More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Privacy VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Klint Finley National Affairs Innovation Can Fix Government, Sure. Either That or Break It Emily Dreyfuss media Journalism Fights for Survival in the Post-Truth Era Artificial Intelligence I Took the AI Class Facebookers Are Literally Sprinting to Get Into Cade Metz WIRED Opinion The Supreme Court Should Bring Sanity to Patent Law Orrin Hatch Climate Desk Trump Can Scrub the Clean Power Plan, But the West Will Stay Green Elizabeth Shogren We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours What it's like to be a Muslim comedian in Trump's America bit.ly/2ner3ay Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours What it's like to be a Muslim comedian in Trump's America bit.ly/2ner3ay Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime March 28, 2017 5:31 PM Reported fraudulent prescription calls leads to felony charges By Jeremy Hartley jhartley@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Two men are facing charges stemming from an alleged attempt to call in fraudulent prescriptions to a handful of local pharmacies. According to the criminal complaint filed by Patton Township police, officers received a call from a Wal-Mart pharmacist Saturday reporting what she believed to be a fraudulent prescription. The pharmacist said an individual had called requesting one pint of promethazine codeine cough syrup and 24 capsules of amoxicillin. She recalled a call requesting the same prescription in December, police said. After the call ended, the pharmacist researched the doctor who had allegedly called, police said, learning that he worked in Washington, D.C., but was on vacation and would not be calling in any prescriptions. A short time later, a man called in using the name “Atkins,” saying he would be in to pick up the prescription. Officers also received calls reporting the same prescription had been called in to pharmacies at Wegmans and Target, police said, using the names “Larry Atkins” and “Timothy Atkins.” On Sunday, the pharmacist at the Colonnade Boulevard Wegmans contacted officers saying a man was at the counter attempting to purchase the prescription, police said. When the man was told he would need to provide identification, he reportedly left the store. He was approached by officers but reportedly fled through the parking lot on foot, police said. He got into a car driven by a second man, and attempted to flee through the parking lot but was boxed in by a store customer. The passenger reportedly left the vehicle and again fled on foot but was stopped near Applebee’s, police said. The driver was identified as Osumane Goloko, 28, of Randallstown, Md., and the passenger as Kevin M. Lewis, 23, of Washington, D.C., police said. Both were arraigned Sunday before District Judge Kelley Gillette-Walker, according to court documents. Both Lewis and Goloko were charged with felony counts of attempting to obtain a prescription by fraud and conspiracy charges, court documents said, and Lewis faces an additional felony count of escape. Bail was set at $200,000 for Lewis and $150,000 for Goloko. Preliminary hearings for both are slated for April 5. Jeremy Hartley: 814-231-4616, @JJHartleyNews Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:32 Justice League Pause 2:28 Former Penn State administrators 'turned their backs' on child sex abuse, AG says 1:53 Who is Tanner Braungardt? 0:19 State College's Noah Woods talks about being named All-State in football 3:33 Video shows Steelers assistant coach Joey Porter dispute before arrest 0:26 Police respond to reported shooting 1:30 State College's new police chief shares law enforcement philosophy 1:07 Jerry Sandusky speaks out entering the Centre County Courthouse 0:52 Video: Taser Advisory Committee seeks community input 1:04 Friend remembers Jean Tuggy Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser 0:08 a month ago EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser 0:26 2 months ago Police respond to reported shooting 1:30 8 months ago State College's new police chief shares law enforcement philosophy View more video Crime Man found guilty of Megan’s Law violations 2 face felony charges in State College heroin bust Reported fraudulent prescription calls leads to felony charges Man faces assault charge after reportedly striking girlfriend Man allegedly refuses to leave apartment, urinates on furniture Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us NEWS Man steals cell phone from 4-year-old inside Florida Walmart Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=1822856" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A man has been arrested after police say he stole a cell phone from a 4-year-old girl inside a Walmart store in Florida. (WPVI) WPVI Tuesday, March 28, 2017 05:10PM A man has been arrested after police say he stole a cell phone from a 4-year-old girl inside a Walmart store in Florida. Little Angelina's father, Nelson Quiles, says he was so eager to catch the crook who stole his daughter's cell phone that he sent a text message to her number. And the robber, Mykhal Henderson, responded. "I was telling him he should return the phone because he stole it from a 4-year-old. He pretty much laughed in my face," said Nelson. Additionally, Mykhal says he found the phone on the floor and was going to keep it. Soon after, cops tracked him down through an online order he placed and arrested him at a traffic stop where he confessed. So while Angelina will be getting her phone back, the story has a lot of people asking a lot of questions including: When should kids get phones in the first place? ------ Send a breaking news alert to Action News Report a correction or typo Learn more about the 6abc family of apps Related Topics: newsu.s. & worldcellphonerobberywalmartbig talkerstrendingFlorida Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS U.S. Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Suspect at large in North Philly barricade situation Fire burns through Hamilton Twp. home Sprinkler system malfunction prompts nursing home evacuation Clinton hits Trump administration on gender diversity More News Top Stories Girl, 5, dropped off at wrong home in bus stop mix-up Excitement, disappointment at West Philly school lottery Suspect at large in North Philly barricade situation Caretaker charged following toddler's death Man killed in Tinicum Twp. forklift accident Fire burns through Hamilton Twp. home Sprinkler system malfunction prompts nursing home evacuation Show More Havertown school struck by lightning, closed Wednesday U.S. Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Wells Fargo to pay $110 million to settle fake account suit Indicted DA Seth Williams in need of a new lawyer Trump tosses Obama's 'clean' energy plan, embraces coal More News Top Video Girl, 5, dropped off at wrong home in bus stop mix-up Excitement, disappointment at West Philly school lottery Fire burns through Hamilton Twp. home Sprinkler system malfunction prompts nursing home evacuation More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions The Flower Show Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > NBC Reporter "Fact Checks" Trump's Job Creation Claims and Destroys You in the Process NBC Reporter "Fact Checks" Trump's Job Creation Claims and Destroys You in the Process Wednesday, 8 March 2017 (3 weeks ago) Jane Timm from NBC was working very diligently today, on International Women's Day of all days, in order to set the record straight for you Trumpsters out there who believe that he's done anything at all on the jobs front (note: ADP said 298k new jobs were created in America for the month of February, far exceeding the forecast of 190k). Here's a brief summary of some of the high profile announcements President Trump made, regarding new job creations, versus the actual reality (thank you Jane Timm). *Exxon led until recently by President Donald Trump's secretary of state, announced a $20 billion, 47,000 jobs investment in America with a press release a little after 3 p.m. Monday afternoon.* Less than an hour later, Trump applauded the oil giant with effusive tweets and a White House press release remarkably similar to Exxon's own. He also claimed credit for the announcement in a video released on social media. "This is something that was done to a large extent because of our policies and the policies of this new administration," Trump said in the video. "I said we're bringing back jobs. This is one big example of it." *But the investment isn't new. At least some of the spending on that $20 billion investment began in 2013, Exxon's press release reveals, and is expected to continue through 2022.* One project the company touted has already been completed. Still, Exxon's new CEO specifically praised Trump's administration. *This isn't the first time Trump has claimed credit for job creation* and corporate spending that was initiated sometimes years before his presidential run — or that a company has repackaged old news to seem fresh. "Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart and many others, have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs," Trump said during his joint address to Congress. *Here, we fact check* the various announcements Trump has sought to take credit for. GET READY TO BE DESTROYED TRUMPSTERS. Jane Timm is going to fact check Trump's record on jobs for the past month and sixteen days -- without ever mentioning official jobs numbers or economic statistics. BEHOLD. *Carrier* *Just weeks after his election, Trump bragged that he struck a deal with the state of Indiana and Carrier to preserve more than 1,100 jobs that would have otherwise been sent to Mexico.* (United Technologies, Carrier's parent company, had previously said 2,100 total jobs would go to Mexico from two different facilities — the Carrier plant, and a United Technologies Electronics Controls facility.) The company received $7 million in tax incentives over a decade, and credited Trump for his job-saving prowess. But the numbers tell a different story. *Trump's deal saved 800 jobs or fewer, according to union officials, and around 350 of those jobs had not been slated to leave.* Amid the fanfare, Carrier announced that they'd send other jobs — 600, by one estimate — to Mexico. Another 700 jobs from the UTEC facility will also be outsourced. *Did Trump help save or create jobs?**Yes, but* not the more than 1,000 he claimed. (Timm sharpens blade and sticks it into your heart, causing your heart to explode) *Ford* *In November, Trump boasted that he had "worked hard" to keep Ford's Lincoln plant in Kentucky*, but the plant wasn't going anywhere. Ford had been investing in the plant for years, and while the company had considered moving production of a single model of Lincoln to an existing Mexican plant to make room for production of another car, the company says it wouldn't have had an impact on jobs in either country. They did say their decision not to shift car production did have something to do with Trump, however. In January, the company ditched plans for a new $1.6 billion Ford Focus plant in Mexico, saying it would keep the car's production at an existing Mexican plant. It also announced a $700 million investment in an existing Michigan plant to build more electric vehicles, creating 700 more jobs in the United States. The company stressed that it didn't cut a deal with the president, and that its decisions were rooted in business priorities rather than politics. *However, Ford did say that the decision meant a "vote of confidence" in Trump's pro-business policy plans.* *Did Trump help save or create jobs?* When it comes to jobs in the Lincoln plant, *no*. *Trump may have had a hand in Ford's decision* to invest more dollars in the U.S., *but the carmaker has refuted the notion* that it was a direct result of his presidency. (Timm removes knife, cleans off the blood with a pink cloth and then sticks it into your eye socket, twisting it until your eye is removed) *Fiat Chrysler* Fiat Chrysler announced in early January that they'd invest $1 billion in plants in Warren, Ohio and Toledo, Ohio, *adding 2,000 jobs. Trump took credit for the announcement* in his joint address, but Fiat Chrysler said the deal arose from talks with United Auto Workers and that the plans predated then President-elect Trump to decisions made in 2015. "I wish I could give him credit for this," Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne told reporters recently. "But the thinking was in place beforehand." Marchionne did say that the company would need clarity from the president before making any production decisions about Mexico. *Did Trump help save or create jobs?**Not yet*, according to the company's CEO. (Timm removes blade and then opens up your stomach with it, removing your small intestines, playing with it like silly string) *General Motors* General Motors announced a $1 billion investment in January alongside *the creation or retention of 1,500 manufacturing jobs,* the return of 450 jobs from Mexico, and the addition of *5,000 jobs "over the next few years"* in finance and technology. *GM officials stressed that the decision dates back as early as 2014, long before Trump* got involved and threatened a "big border tax" for the company because it imports several thousand hatchbacks to the U.S. from Mexico. GM CEO Mary Barra, who is on Trump's economic advisory council, said the firm had no plans to alter their manufacturing plans to please the president. *Did Trump help save or create jobs? Nope.* (Timm cuts off your right leg with one fell swoop) *Sprint/OneWeb/SoftBank* *Trump took credit for Sprint's plant to bring 5,000 jobs back to the United States* — "because of me they are doing 5,000 jobs in this country," he said — as well as the 3,000 jobs OneWeb said they'd add, and the $50 billion investment by SoftBank that fueled both firms' job growth. Trump met with SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son in December. *Sprint and OneWeb confirmed later that the job growth had been previously announced, and SoftBank said the investment had been in the works since October as part of SoftBank's promised 50,000 new jobs.* There is some indication that SoftBank's CEO increased the size of the investment in OneWeb and the number of new hires, however. *Did Trump help save or create jobs? Possibly.* It's clear that the investment was already happening, though Trump may have helped boost it. (Timm, now rabid with blood thirst, cuts jugular vein and begins drinking your blood) *Lockheed Martin* *Lockheed announced 1,800 new jobs before Trump even took office*, as part of a deal they were working out with the Pentagon for fighter jets. The government contractor later credited Trump for the deal, as well as the cost-cutting measures Trump gave himself credit for, but experts say both things had been in the works for awhile. No matter the favor they may be trying to curry with the new president, taxpayer savings and new jobs aren't his doing completely. *Did Trump help save or create jobs?* Trump's administration inked the deal a few weeks into his term and Lockheed did credit him, but *Trump didn't sew this deal together himself.* (Timm removes your left arm from your torso with small ax) *Intel* *After meeting with Trump in February, Intel pledged to commit $7 billion to build a new factory in Arizona, hiring at least 3,000 employees.* Intel's CEO credited Trump with the move, despite the fact that Intel's domestic investment had been in the works for years; construction on a factory began in 2011, though it was delayed when demand decreased. *Did Trump help save or create jobs?* *Intel says he helped create jobs, but* their investment had been in the works (though delayed) since 2011. (Timm saws off your left leg with rusty hacksaw) *Walmart* *In January, Walmart said they'd add 10,000 jobs.* Trump thanked them in a tweet, but the jobs had been previously announced in October as part of a $6.8 billion capital-spending plan. *Did Trump help save or create jobs? There's no evidence that he had any impact here.* (Timm castrates you and begins to cook your testicles in a wok with organic avocado oil) *Alibaba* *The Chinese e-commerce giant's founder, Jack Ma, met with Trump in January, announcing that Alibaba helped create 1 million jobs in the United States.* Trump said the group wasn't considering doing that before he got elected, but the company's founder has been talking about it for years. Asked if he and Trump had talked about that investment, *Ma said "no."* The Washington Post reported that the numbers don't add up: *it's unlikely that the tech giant with just 35,000 employees can grow so quickly in the U.S.* *Did Trump help save or create jobs?* Trump is taking credit for jobs that appear to have been in the works before that he didn't specifically discuss with the group's founder while experts doubt the reality of such investment. *We'll have to wait and see on this one.* (Timm sits down to eat your testicles, washing it down with a warm cup of non-organic herbal tea) A review of sleepy teas: "The herbs aren’t organic, so hippies I consulted don’t adore this one, but I do." https://t.co/twYSP1Ooj7 — Jane C. Timm (@janestreet) March 2, 2017 How will you ever recover? Pro tip: you won't. BONUS: A quick take on CNBC's unbiased reporting. Why would anyone think @CNBC was a festering nest of democratic elitist shills? pic.twitter.com/NvEVSylSg5 — The_Real_Fly (@The_Real_Fly) March 8, 2017 *Content originally generated at iBankCoin.com* » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Markets SNAP Cracks As FACEBOOK Adds "Stories" Where are banks going post-BREXIT? Here's who's leaving   Cable Tumbles As SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT Votes For 2nd Independence Referendum TRUMP SIGNS Executive Order Rolling Back Obama's Climate Policies: Who Benefits The Most? Here's The Story Behind Trump's Podesta-RUSSIA Tweet NZ Herald editorial: Premier Li Keqiang shows China means to pick up baton the UNITED STATES has dropped Ian Johnston to Lead Heidrick & Struggles' Culture Shaping in Europe, MIDDLE EAST and Africa TENCENT Makes It Harder to Bet Against Tesla 2 Reasons GENERAL MOTORS Is a Top Stock to Buy Now DARDEN RESTAURANTS Inc. (DRI) Has Climbed To A New High After Q3 Profit Beat Twitter Facebook Page People Richard Branson Donald Trump Devin Nunes Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Current Topics Trump Signs Alec Baldwin World Cup Scottish Parliament Myanmar Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Power Rangers Has Super Mario Run Out Of Steam? Are We Alone In The Universe? Let's Ask an Astronaut MOVIE REVIEW: CHiPS Google Devices Set To Tackle Battery Life Head-On - But Will It Work? There's an Amazing Solar Eclipse Coming - And Here's How You Can See It On U.S. Soil Is Samsung's Next Smartphone a PC In Disguise? Nintendo's Finally Figured Out Switch's Technical Problems - But Is It What Fans Want To Hear? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: ICTV Brands, Inc. March 28, 2017 16:00 ET ICTV Brands, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call Begins Today at 4:30pm EDT WAYNE, PA--(Marketwired - Mar 28, 2017) - ICTV Brands, Inc. (OTCQX: ICTV), (CSE: ITV), a digitally focused direct response marketing and international branding company focused on the health, wellness and beauty sector, today reported financial results for the three months and year ended December 31, 2016. Fourth Quarter 2016 Highlights: Positive cash flows from operations of approximately $283K, increasing cash from year end to approximately $1.4M. Positive Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $190,000, excluding non-cash stock-based compensation. Expanded our digital marketing platform to include listings on www.target.com and www.cvs.com in Q4. In January 2017, we completed the transformative acquisition of PhotoMedex, Inc. and Ermis Labs, Inc. Brick and Mortar retail sales of approximately $180,000. Management Commentary: Richard Ransom, President, stated, "I speak on behalf of all ICTV employees when I say that I am incredibly proud of the hard work we have accomplished during the year, and during the fourth quarter in particular. The close of a fiscal year is a time to reflect upon the progress that has been made on the execution of the Company's strategic plan, while at the same time resetting goals and targets for the year ahead. As I reflect back to the end of 2015, I see a very different ICTV than the Company that exists today. Major accomplishments during the year include: 1) Re-positioning ICTV as a multi-channel digital media and e-commerce platform. 2) Expansion of sales distribution channels across geography, online partnerships as well as traditional brick & mortar. Over the course of 2016, ICTV was able to establish vendor accounts with several major US and Canada retailers in addition to Bed Bath & Beyond including Walmart, Kohl's, Target, and Costco Canada, just to name a few. 3) Taking 100% ownership of DermaWand, which will have a positive immediate and longer-term impact on gross margins, overall profitability, and control of the global brand. 4) The transformative acquisitions that closed in January 2017, which give ICTV a much larger revenue scale, expanded geographic footprint and strategic relationships, all of which will contribute to significant shareholder value over time." "As we look ahead to 2017, I have never been more excited about the opportunity that lies in front of our global team. We have already made substantial progress integrating the acquisitions, and will continue this progress during the current quarter. Taking into account the impact of our recent acquisitions, we expect our revenue in 2017 to more than double from the $16.8 million we reported in 2016. I would also like to thank our exceptional team for the effort they have put forth over the last several months to make these acquisitions and the integration process go as smoothly as it has thus far." Reported Financial Results: Fourth Quarter 2016 Compared to Fourth Quarter 2015: Revenues for the three months ended December 31, 2016 were approximately $4.3 million, compared to approximately $4.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2015. Gross profit margin was 70% in the fourth quarter 2016 compared to 67% in the prior year quarter. The increase in gross margin percentage is mainly attributable ICTV's 100% ownership of the DermaWand brand, which eliminates the payment of royalties going forward, and results in higher gross margin to the company. Total operating expenses decreased to approximately $3.1 million from approximately $3.5 million during the fourth quarter of 2016. When comparing the fourth quarter of 2016 to 2015, which is a reflection of a mix shift away from TV based media advertising, towards an omni-channel digital media and e-commerce platform.  Net loss for the fourth quarter was approximately ($45,000), compared to a net loss of approximately ($582,000) in the prior year quarter. The resulting EPS is ($0.00), as compared to ($0.02) in the comparable quarter a year earlier. Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (Adjusted EBITDA) was approximately $190,000 as compared to loss of approximately ($454,000).  Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2015: Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 were approximately $16.8 million, compared to approximately $24.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The primary driver of the decline in sales was generated by the aforementioned decrease in media related expenditures and a decline in international third party distributor revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2016, international third party distributor sales revenue for the DermaWand decreased from approximately $5.3 million to approximately $4.3 million. Our international third party distributor revenue is impacted by timing of shipments at period end, currency fluctuations as well as seasonality. Our international third party distributor revenue is impacted by timing of shipments at period end, currency fluctuations and the appreciation of the U.S. dollar, as well as scheduling considerations with our distributors' end customers. The decrease is primarily due to a decline in sales from our third party distributor customer located in France, Novellia, which were approximately $876,000 for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to approximately $1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition, sales from the Latino Media Services (LMS) group comprised of distributors from Chile, Argentina, Peru, Colombia, El Salvador, and Ecuador decreased to approximately $1.2 million in 2016 compared to approximately $1.3 million in the prior year. Offsetting the decrease in sales from Novellia and the LMS, was an increase of sales from Inova to approximately $1.2 million in 2016 from approximately $1.0 million in the prior year. Total general and administrative expenses decreased to approximately $4.3 million from approximately $5.4 million in the prior year, as a result of various improvements in expense management. Examples include bad debt expense being lower by approximately $451,000, share based compensation being lower by approximately $195,000, consulting expenses being lower by approximately $87,000, and travel expenditure being lower by approximately $149,000.  Total selling and marketing expenses decreased to approximately $8.5 million from approximately $12.4 million in the prior year. Significant decreases include media expenditure decrease of approximately $2.9 million, customer service decreases of approximately $511,000, answering service decreases of approximately $397,000, and merchant fee decreases of approximately $196,000. Partially offsetting the decrease was an increase in digital marketing expenses to approximately $1.3 million from approximately $906,000 in the prior year.  Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 was approximately ($1.0 million), compared to a net loss of approximately ($1.4 million) in the year ended December 31, 2015. The resulting EPS loss is ($0.04), as compared to an EPS loss ($0.06) in the year ended December 31, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA loss was approximately ($268,000) as compared to approximately ($768,000) for year ended December 31, 2015.  Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $1.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.3 million in working capital compared to approximately $1.3 million and approximately $2.3 million in the prior year. Additionally, the Company believes that our current cash will be sufficient to meet the anticipated cash needs for working capital for at least the next twelve months. Additional working capital was added to our balance sheet subsequent to December 31, 2016, as part of the recently closed acquisitions and related financing, the details of which have been previously disclosed and are available in our public SEC filings. Conference Call ICTV will hold a conference call to discuss the Company's fourth quarter 2016 results and answer questions today, March 28, 2017, beginning at 4:30pm EDT. The call will be open to the public and will have a corporate update presented by ICTV's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Kelvin Claney, President, Richard Ransom and Chief Financial Officer, Ernest P. Kollias, Jr, followed by a question and answer period. The live conference call can be accessed by dialing (877) 876-9177 or (785) 424-1666. Participants are recommended to dial-in approximately 10 minutes prior to the start of the event. A replay of the call will be available approximately two hours after completion through April 11, 2017. To listen to the replay, dial (800) 695-0715 (domestic) or (402) 220-1423 (international). The conference call transcript will be posted to the Company's corporate website (http://www.ictvbrands.com) for those who are unable to attend the live call. ICTV Brands, Inc. ICTV Brands, Inc. sells primarily health, beauty and wellness products as well as various consumer products through a multi-channel distribution strategy. ICTV utilizes a distinctive marketing strategy and multi-channel distribution model to develop, market and sell products through, including direct response television, or DRTV, digital marketing campaigns, live home shopping, traditional retail and e-commerce market places, and our international third party distributor network. Its products are sold in the North America and are available in over 65 countries. Its products include DermaWand, a skin care device that reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, and helps improve skin tone and texture, DermaVital, a professional quality skin care line that effects superior hydration, the CoralActives brand of acne treatment and skin cleansing products, and Derma Brilliance, a sonic exfoliation skin care system which helps reduce visible signs of aging, Jidue, a facial massager device which helps alleviate stress, and Good Planet Super Solution, a multi-use cleaning agent. On January 23, 2017, we acquired several new brands, through the PhotoMedex and Ermis Labs acquisitions and have begun (or, will shortly begin) marketing and selling the following new products; no!no!® Hair, a home use hair removal device; no!no!® Skin, a home use device that uses light and heat to calm inflammation and kill bacteria in pores to treat acne; no!no!® Face Trainer, a home use mask that supports a series of facial exercises; no!no!® Glow, a home use device that uses light and heat energy to treat skin; Made Ya Look, a heated eyelash curler; no!no!® Smooth Skin Care, an array of skin care products developed to work with the devices to improve the treated skin; Kyrobak®, a home use device for the treatment of non-specific lower back pain; ClearTouch®, a home use device for the safe and efficient treatment of nail fungus; and Ermis Labs acne treatment cleansing bars. ICTV Brands, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Wayne, Pennsylvania. For more information on our current initiatives, please visit www.ictvbrands.com.  Non-GAAP Financial Information Adjusted EBITDA is defined as income from continuing operations before depreciation, amortization, interest expense, interest income, and stock-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to replace operating income, net income, cash flow or other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Rather, Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure used by management to assess the operating performance of the Company. Adjusted EBITDA as defined here may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies due to differences in accounting policies.  The following tables present a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA to the GAAP financial measures of net income and net cash provided by operating activities, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     For the three months ended     For the years ended     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015                                     Net loss, as reported $ (44,897 )   $ (582,070 )   $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )     Interest expense (income), net   3,076       (327 )     13,587       (657 )     Depreciation and amortization   74,708       2,076       298,558       8,306       Share based compensation expense   157,204       125,978       416,532       611,557     Adjusted EBITDA $ 190,091     $ (454,343 )   $ (267,667 )   $ (768,365 )                                 Forward-Looking Statements Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") (which Sections were adopted as part of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "project," "prospects," "outlook," and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would," "may," and "could" are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results, performance or achievements. The Company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation to, revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise. For additional risks and uncertainties that could impact the Company's forward-looking statements, please see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, including but not limited to the discussion under "Risk Factors" therein, which the Company has filed with the SEC and which may be viewed at http://www.sec.gov. -- Financial Statement Schedules follow --     ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015         2016     2015               ASSETS               CURRENT ASSETS:                 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,390,641     $ 1,334,302     Accounts receivable, net of $123,109 and $118,653, respectively   506,337       301,726     Inventories, net   1,499,270       2,205,726     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   254,303       417,057       Total current assets   3,650,551       4,258,811                     Furniture and equipment   74,098       72,008     Less accumulated depreciation   (58,099 )     (50,492 )     Furniture and equipment, net   15,999       21,516                       Other Asset   872,864       -                       Total assets $ 4,539,414     $ 4,280,327                   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY               CURRENT LIABILITIES:                 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 1,644,899     $ 1,516,250     Severance payable - short-term   -       45,995     Deferred revenue - short-term   377,445       444,066     Other liabilities - current   288,525       -     Total current liabilities   2,310,869       2,006,311                     Deferred revenue - long-term   274,374       405,746     Other liabilities - long-term   665,713       -     Total long-term liabilities   940,087       405,746                   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES                               SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:                 Preferred stock 20,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding   -       -     Common stock, $0.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 28,343,007 and 28,027,012 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively   18,132       17,816     Additional paid-in-capital   11,546,804       11,130,588     Accumulated deficit   (10,276,487 )     (9,280,134 )   Total shareholders' equity   1,288,458       1,868,270                   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 4,539,414     $ 4,280,327   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov.         ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS         (Unaudited)           For the three months ended     For the years ended     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015                                   NET SALES $ 4,317,470     $ 4,356,357     $ 16,788,736     $ 24,096,169                                   COST OF SALES   1,299,919       1,451,389       4,998,682       7,675,264                                   GROSS PROFIT   3,017,551       2,904,968       11,790,054       16,420,905                                   OPERATING EXPENSES:                               General and administrative   1,181,688       1,132,220       4,258,177       5,380,819   Selling and marketing   1,877,684       2,355,145       8,514,634       12,428,314   Total operating expenses   3,059,372       3,487,365       12,772,811       17,809,133                                   OPERATING LOSS   (41,821 )     (582,397 )     (982,757 )     (1,388,228 )                                 INTEREST (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET   (3,076 )     327       13,587       657                                   LOSS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX   (44,897 )     (582,070 )     (996,344 )     (1,387,521 )                                 PROVISION (BENEFIT) FOR INCOME TAX   -       -       -       -                                   NET LOSS $ (44,897 )   $ (582,070 )   $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )                                 NET LOSS PER SHARE                               BASIC $ (0.00 )   $ (0.02 )   $ (0.04 )   $ (0.06 ) DILUTED $ (0.00 )   $ (0.02 )   $ (0.04 )   $ (0.06 )                                 WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES                               BASIC   28,301,389       26,964,741       28,213,675       24,979,067   DILUTED   28,301,389       26,964,741       28,213,675       24,979,067                                   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov.         ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015         2016     2015                   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:                 Net loss $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash and cash equivalents provided by (used in) operating activities:                   Depreciation   7,607       8,306       Bad debt expense   920,929       1,371,797       Share based compensation   416,532       611,557       Non cash interest expense   15,423       -       Amortization of other asset   290,951       -     Change in assets and liabilities:                   Accounts receivable   (1,125,540 )     (725,509 )     Inventories   706,456       (227,725 )     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   162,754       193,460       Accounts payable and accrued liabilities   128,649       (1,066,686 )     Severance payable   (45,995 )     (1,005 )     Deferred revenue   (197,993 )     (291,445 )       Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities   283,429       (1,514,821 )                 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:                 Purchase of furniture and equipment   (2,090 )     -         Net cash used in investing activities   (2,090 )     -                   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:                 Payments on purchase agreement   (225,000 )     -     Proceeds from exercise of options   -       91,640     Proceeds from exercise of warrants   -       112,500     Proceeds from issuance of common stock   -       1,000,000     Release collateral on line of credit   -       500,000         Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   (225,000 )     1,704,140                   NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS   56,339       189,319   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of the year   1,334,302       1,144,983                   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of the year $ 1,390,641     $ 1,334,302                   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:                 Taxes paid $ -     $ 50     Interest paid   -       -                   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES:                 Cashless Exercise $ 48,378     $ 20,910     DermaWand Asset Purchase Agreement $ 1,200,000     $ -                   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov. Contact Information Contact Information: Rich Ransom ransom@ictvbrands.com 484-598-2313 Ernest P. Kollias, Jr. kollias@ictvbrands.com 484-598-2300, x318 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company ICTV Brands, Inc. From this industry Financial Services Lifestyle and Leisure Medical and Healthcare From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Venture Capital Family Fashion Personal Care/Fitness Recreation Women's Interest Healthcare See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather The Brothers restaurant co-owners Francisco and Jose Giron are brothers in real life. They opened their Mexican restaurant on Tooele’s Main Street on Monday. The establishment will be open seven days a week serving breakfast, lunch and dinner. A smothered burrito from Brothers Restaurant. (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Tim Gillie No comments yet Featured News 150 Views Related County’s low joblessness nets worker shortages Speakers at Women’s Expo focus on mental illness issues Deseret Peak Complex built to serve county residents March 28, 2017 Two brothers open restaurant on Tooele Main Street Food started pouring out of the kitchen at 29 N. Main Street in Tooele City again on Monday morning, as a new restaurant opened its doors. Two Tooele brothers, originally from Guatemala, opened a Mexican restaurant at the location, which formerly was home to Sostanza and Anthony’s. They have aptly named the place, “The Brothers Restaurant.” Jose and Francisco Giron have spent several years in the food service industry, working together most recently for five years as servers at La Fountain in Tooele. They left La Fountain a year ago and tried their hands at construction and HVAC work. However, they couldn’t shake off their connection to food service, according to Francisco Giron. “We would go to Walmart and see former customers from La Fountain that wanted to know what restaurant we were working at,” he said. Eventually the two brothers decided to take the plunge and open their own restaurant. The brothers are well aware that there are plenty of Mexican restaurants already open in Tooele County. “We’ll have to offer the best food and great service,” Jose Giron said. To help out, Jose and Francisco hired an experienced cook, Chef Francisco, whose resume includes working as a cook at Salt Lake City’s Red Iguana Restaurant. Chef Francisco helped plan the menu, which includes a wide variety of tacos, tostadas, fajitas, chimichangas, quesadillas, enchiladas and burritos. The menu features taco salad with chorizo, chicken, ground beef, grilled chicken, asada, or shrimp. For dessert, the menu includes sopapillas, cheesecake, and fried ice cream. While the restaurant opens at 10 a.m., the menu includes breakfast items, served anytime, such as huevos rancheros and a fresh made breakfast burrito. “Eventually we plan to open for breakfast,” Jose Giron said. The Brothers serves lunch specials for $6.99. While Jose Giron insists all of their food is great, it is the chili verde that he expects will standout as their specialty. “Everybody loves chili verde,” Jose Giron said. “And our’s is really, really good.” The Brothers’ location has been a home to a couple of local restaurant entrepreneurs. Tooele restaurateur Spiros Makris spent two years and over $1 million to purchase and remodel the two turn-of-the-century buildings at 29 S. Main Street prior to opening Sostanza Restaurant in May 2009. Sostanza closed in June 2012. Anthony’s Main Street Grill, owned by Anthony Barbiero, had an eight-month run at the location, closing in Oct. 2013. The building sat empty after Anthony’s closed. Local contractor Randy Hunt purchased the building about one year ago from the bank that acquired the property in a foreclosure. He is renting the location to the Giron brothers. “We’ll be here for a long time,” said Francisco Giron. The Brothers Restaurant is located at 29 S. Main Street in Tooele City. It is open 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Monday through Saturday and 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Sundays. While the address in on Main Street, parking and access is easily found behind the restaurant off of 50 West. About Latest Posts Tim Gillie Staff Writer at Tooele Transcript Bulletin Tim covers education, Tooele City government, business, real estate, politics and the state Legislature. He became a journalist after a long career as an executive with the Boy Scouts of America. Tim is a native of Washington state and a graduate of Central Washington University. Latest posts by Tim Gillie (see all) County’s low joblessness nets worker shortages - March 28, 2017 Deseret Peak Complex built to serve county residents - March 28, 2017 Two brothers open restaurant on Tooele Main Street - March 28, 2017 Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended County’s low joblessness nets worker shortages Speakers at Women’s Expo focus on mental illness issues Deseret Peak Complex built to serve county residents Tooele County Emergency Management to host Red Cross shelter training Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Weddings Archives Archives Select Month March 2017  (194) February 2017  (236) January 2017  (238) December 2016  (230) November 2016  (232) October 2016  (238) September 2016  (248) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (256) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Blue Bell Ice Cream is back in Denver supermarkets Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Nuggets Gametracker Rockies’ rebuilt bullpen Flight For Life crash report Home prices surge Countdown to The Masters Spring storm Business Blue Bell Ice Cream is back in Denver supermarkets Popular Texas-based ice cream brand hasn’t been available in Denver area since April 2015 listeria outbreak. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Jamie Squire, Getty Images Blue Bell Ice Cream is seen on shelves of an Overland Park grocery store prior to being removed on April 21, 2015 in Overland Park, Kansas. By Emilie Rusch | erusch@denverpost.com | The Denver Post PUBLISHED: March 28, 2017 at 1:49 pm | UPDATED: March 28, 2017 at 2:28 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular World’s biggest dinosaur footprint discovered in Australia’s own Jurassic Park Girl taken to hospital after attack on High Line Canal Trail Denver’s growth spurt slows down — a little — as the city’s population nears 700,000 Spring storm to bring rain, thunder, overnight snow to Denver area Police arrest suspect in hate crime vandalism of Islamic Center of Fort Collins Editorial: When “I alone can fix it” fails Get out your ice cream scoops — Blue Bell has resumed distribution of its frozen treats in the Denver area. Grocery store deliveries officially began Monday, the Texas-based ice cream maker said. Blue Bell is also reopening its distribution facility in Centennial. King Soopers, Safeway and Walmart are among the grocers that will carry Blue Bell products locally, store officials confirmed. Follow that truck…all the way to Denver! We began delivering Blue Bell Ice Cream to stores in Denver and the surrounding areas this morning. pic.twitter.com/fbHpmiEK3f — Blue Bell Ice Cream (@ILoveBlueBell) March 27, 2017 “It could take up to two weeks to deliver products to every store, so initially, we will bring in additional employees from other states to help with the opening,” vice president of sales and marketing Wayne Hugo said in a statement. “We want to thank our retailer partners and consumers for their patience and support as we make our return.” Related Articles March 2, 2017 High Point Creamery unveils political new “I’m Peach Mint” flavor All of the King Soopers stores slated to carry Blue Bell products should have received their first delivery by the end of the day Tuesday, a spokeswoman said. Safeway stores are scheduled to resume sales next week, according to a spokeswoman. Blue Bell products have not been available in the Denver metro area since April 2015 when the company pulled all of its products nationwide amid a listeria outbreak that killed three people. Since then, Blue Bell has been slowly returning to grocery store shelves market by market, starting in late August 2015. Its return to Colorado includes Denver and its suburbs, Colorado Springs, Boulder, Longmont, Fort Collins, Loveland, Pueblo, Greeley and Evergreen. Grocery stores in Cheyenne, Wyo., also will resume stocking Blue Bell products. Tags:  ice cream More Business News Emilie Rusch Emilie Rusch covers commercial real estate and retail for The Post. Reach her at 303-954-2457. Follow Emilie Rusch @emilierusch Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Colorado incomes rise, but start to look more average March 28, 2017, 6:28 pm Personal incomes in Colorado rose from $277.7 billion in 2015 to $288.4 billion in 2016, a 3.9 percent increase, ahead of the 3.6 percent gain measured nationally last year. Sure, you can wear leggings on a plane — but please don’t March 28, 2017, 6:16 pm Do it for your fellow long-suffering air travelers. Do it for that seatmate who is feeling a little violated after the indignity of a TSA pat-down. Do it for all the good citizens who, just like you, wish that their knees were not practically tucked under their chins, whose seat backs don’t recline and whose tray tables are too small... How Twinkies are riding America’s health trend March 28, 2017, 6:06 pm Healthy eating has become an obsession. Soft-drink sales are slumping, salt is getting tossed from food, and kale is on the menu at McDonald’s. Arvada baker makes dog biscuits with spent grain from local breweries March 28, 2017, 5:44 pm After two decades as a professional chef and baker, Mary Hertle adds a slight twist to her career. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: ICTV Brands, Inc. March 28, 2017 16:00 ET ICTV Brands, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call Begins Today at 4:30pm EDT WAYNE, PA--(Marketwired - Mar 28, 2017) - ICTV Brands, Inc. (OTCQX: ICTV), (CSE: ITV), a digitally focused direct response marketing and international branding company focused on the health, wellness and beauty sector, today reported financial results for the three months and year ended December 31, 2016. Fourth Quarter 2016 Highlights: Positive cash flows from operations of approximately $283K, increasing cash from year end to approximately $1.4M. Positive Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $190,000, excluding non-cash stock-based compensation. Expanded our digital marketing platform to include listings on www.target.com and www.cvs.com in Q4. In January 2017, we completed the transformative acquisition of PhotoMedex, Inc. and Ermis Labs, Inc. Brick and Mortar retail sales of approximately $180,000. Management Commentary: Richard Ransom, President, stated, "I speak on behalf of all ICTV employees when I say that I am incredibly proud of the hard work we have accomplished during the year, and during the fourth quarter in particular. The close of a fiscal year is a time to reflect upon the progress that has been made on the execution of the Company's strategic plan, while at the same time resetting goals and targets for the year ahead. As I reflect back to the end of 2015, I see a very different ICTV than the Company that exists today. Major accomplishments during the year include: 1) Re-positioning ICTV as a multi-channel digital media and e-commerce platform. 2) Expansion of sales distribution channels across geography, online partnerships as well as traditional brick & mortar. Over the course of 2016, ICTV was able to establish vendor accounts with several major US and Canada retailers in addition to Bed Bath & Beyond including Walmart, Kohl's, Target, and Costco Canada, just to name a few. 3) Taking 100% ownership of DermaWand, which will have a positive immediate and longer-term impact on gross margins, overall profitability, and control of the global brand. 4) The transformative acquisitions that closed in January 2017, which give ICTV a much larger revenue scale, expanded geographic footprint and strategic relationships, all of which will contribute to significant shareholder value over time." "As we look ahead to 2017, I have never been more excited about the opportunity that lies in front of our global team. We have already made substantial progress integrating the acquisitions, and will continue this progress during the current quarter. Taking into account the impact of our recent acquisitions, we expect our revenue in 2017 to more than double from the $16.8 million we reported in 2016. I would also like to thank our exceptional team for the effort they have put forth over the last several months to make these acquisitions and the integration process go as smoothly as it has thus far." Reported Financial Results: Fourth Quarter 2016 Compared to Fourth Quarter 2015: Revenues for the three months ended December 31, 2016 were approximately $4.3 million, compared to approximately $4.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2015. Gross profit margin was 70% in the fourth quarter 2016 compared to 67% in the prior year quarter. The increase in gross margin percentage is mainly attributable ICTV's 100% ownership of the DermaWand brand, which eliminates the payment of royalties going forward, and results in higher gross margin to the company. Total operating expenses decreased to approximately $3.1 million from approximately $3.5 million during the fourth quarter of 2016. When comparing the fourth quarter of 2016 to 2015, which is a reflection of a mix shift away from TV based media advertising, towards an omni-channel digital media and e-commerce platform.  Net loss for the fourth quarter was approximately ($45,000), compared to a net loss of approximately ($582,000) in the prior year quarter. The resulting EPS is ($0.00), as compared to ($0.02) in the comparable quarter a year earlier. Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (Adjusted EBITDA) was approximately $190,000 as compared to loss of approximately ($454,000).  Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2015: Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 were approximately $16.8 million, compared to approximately $24.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The primary driver of the decline in sales was generated by the aforementioned decrease in media related expenditures and a decline in international third party distributor revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2016, international third party distributor sales revenue for the DermaWand decreased from approximately $5.3 million to approximately $4.3 million. Our international third party distributor revenue is impacted by timing of shipments at period end, currency fluctuations as well as seasonality. Our international third party distributor revenue is impacted by timing of shipments at period end, currency fluctuations and the appreciation of the U.S. dollar, as well as scheduling considerations with our distributors' end customers. The decrease is primarily due to a decline in sales from our third party distributor customer located in France, Novellia, which were approximately $876,000 for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to approximately $1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition, sales from the Latino Media Services (LMS) group comprised of distributors from Chile, Argentina, Peru, Colombia, El Salvador, and Ecuador decreased to approximately $1.2 million in 2016 compared to approximately $1.3 million in the prior year. Offsetting the decrease in sales from Novellia and the LMS, was an increase of sales from Inova to approximately $1.2 million in 2016 from approximately $1.0 million in the prior year. Total general and administrative expenses decreased to approximately $4.3 million from approximately $5.4 million in the prior year, as a result of various improvements in expense management. Examples include bad debt expense being lower by approximately $451,000, share based compensation being lower by approximately $195,000, consulting expenses being lower by approximately $87,000, and travel expenditure being lower by approximately $149,000.  Total selling and marketing expenses decreased to approximately $8.5 million from approximately $12.4 million in the prior year. Significant decreases include media expenditure decrease of approximately $2.9 million, customer service decreases of approximately $511,000, answering service decreases of approximately $397,000, and merchant fee decreases of approximately $196,000. Partially offsetting the decrease was an increase in digital marketing expenses to approximately $1.3 million from approximately $906,000 in the prior year.  Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 was approximately ($1.0 million), compared to a net loss of approximately ($1.4 million) in the year ended December 31, 2015. The resulting EPS loss is ($0.04), as compared to an EPS loss ($0.06) in the year ended December 31, 2015. Adjusted EBITDA loss was approximately ($268,000) as compared to approximately ($768,000) for year ended December 31, 2015.  Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $1.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.3 million in working capital compared to approximately $1.3 million and approximately $2.3 million in the prior year. Additionally, the Company believes that our current cash will be sufficient to meet the anticipated cash needs for working capital for at least the next twelve months. Additional working capital was added to our balance sheet subsequent to December 31, 2016, as part of the recently closed acquisitions and related financing, the details of which have been previously disclosed and are available in our public SEC filings. Conference Call ICTV will hold a conference call to discuss the Company's fourth quarter 2016 results and answer questions today, March 28, 2017, beginning at 4:30pm EDT. The call will be open to the public and will have a corporate update presented by ICTV's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Kelvin Claney, President, Richard Ransom and Chief Financial Officer, Ernest P. Kollias, Jr, followed by a question and answer period. The live conference call can be accessed by dialing (877) 876-9177 or (785) 424-1666. Participants are recommended to dial-in approximately 10 minutes prior to the start of the event. A replay of the call will be available approximately two hours after completion through April 11, 2017. To listen to the replay, dial (800) 695-0715 (domestic) or (402) 220-1423 (international). The conference call transcript will be posted to the Company's corporate website (http://www.ictvbrands.com) for those who are unable to attend the live call. ICTV Brands, Inc. ICTV Brands, Inc. sells primarily health, beauty and wellness products as well as various consumer products through a multi-channel distribution strategy. ICTV utilizes a distinctive marketing strategy and multi-channel distribution model to develop, market and sell products through, including direct response television, or DRTV, digital marketing campaigns, live home shopping, traditional retail and e-commerce market places, and our international third party distributor network. Its products are sold in the North America and are available in over 65 countries. Its products include DermaWand, a skin care device that reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, and helps improve skin tone and texture, DermaVital, a professional quality skin care line that effects superior hydration, the CoralActives brand of acne treatment and skin cleansing products, and Derma Brilliance, a sonic exfoliation skin care system which helps reduce visible signs of aging, Jidue, a facial massager device which helps alleviate stress, and Good Planet Super Solution, a multi-use cleaning agent. On January 23, 2017, we acquired several new brands, through the PhotoMedex and Ermis Labs acquisitions and have begun (or, will shortly begin) marketing and selling the following new products; no!no!® Hair, a home use hair removal device; no!no!® Skin, a home use device that uses light and heat to calm inflammation and kill bacteria in pores to treat acne; no!no!® Face Trainer, a home use mask that supports a series of facial exercises; no!no!® Glow, a home use device that uses light and heat energy to treat skin; Made Ya Look, a heated eyelash curler; no!no!® Smooth Skin Care, an array of skin care products developed to work with the devices to improve the treated skin; Kyrobak®, a home use device for the treatment of non-specific lower back pain; ClearTouch®, a home use device for the safe and efficient treatment of nail fungus; and Ermis Labs acne treatment cleansing bars. ICTV Brands, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Wayne, Pennsylvania. For more information on our current initiatives, please visit www.ictvbrands.com.  Non-GAAP Financial Information Adjusted EBITDA is defined as income from continuing operations before depreciation, amortization, interest expense, interest income, and stock-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to replace operating income, net income, cash flow or other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Rather, Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure used by management to assess the operating performance of the Company. Adjusted EBITDA as defined here may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies due to differences in accounting policies.  The following tables present a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA to the GAAP financial measures of net income and net cash provided by operating activities, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     For the three months ended     For the years ended     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015                                     Net loss, as reported $ (44,897 )   $ (582,070 )   $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )     Interest expense (income), net   3,076       (327 )     13,587       (657 )     Depreciation and amortization   74,708       2,076       298,558       8,306       Share based compensation expense   157,204       125,978       416,532       611,557     Adjusted EBITDA $ 190,091     $ (454,343 )   $ (267,667 )   $ (768,365 )                                 Forward-Looking Statements Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") (which Sections were adopted as part of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "project," "prospects," "outlook," and similar words or expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would," "may," and "could" are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results, performance or achievements. The Company disclaims any intention to, and undertakes no obligation to, revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, a future event, or otherwise. For additional risks and uncertainties that could impact the Company's forward-looking statements, please see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, including but not limited to the discussion under "Risk Factors" therein, which the Company has filed with the SEC and which may be viewed at http://www.sec.gov. -- Financial Statement Schedules follow --     ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015         2016     2015               ASSETS               CURRENT ASSETS:                 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,390,641     $ 1,334,302     Accounts receivable, net of $123,109 and $118,653, respectively   506,337       301,726     Inventories, net   1,499,270       2,205,726     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   254,303       417,057       Total current assets   3,650,551       4,258,811                     Furniture and equipment   74,098       72,008     Less accumulated depreciation   (58,099 )     (50,492 )     Furniture and equipment, net   15,999       21,516                       Other Asset   872,864       -                       Total assets $ 4,539,414     $ 4,280,327                   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY               CURRENT LIABILITIES:                 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 1,644,899     $ 1,516,250     Severance payable - short-term   -       45,995     Deferred revenue - short-term   377,445       444,066     Other liabilities - current   288,525       -     Total current liabilities   2,310,869       2,006,311                     Deferred revenue - long-term   274,374       405,746     Other liabilities - long-term   665,713       -     Total long-term liabilities   940,087       405,746                   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES                               SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:                 Preferred stock 20,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding   -       -     Common stock, $0.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 28,343,007 and 28,027,012 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively   18,132       17,816     Additional paid-in-capital   11,546,804       11,130,588     Accumulated deficit   (10,276,487 )     (9,280,134 )   Total shareholders' equity   1,288,458       1,868,270                   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 4,539,414     $ 4,280,327   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov.         ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS         (Unaudited)           For the three months ended     For the years ended     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015     December 31, 2016     December 31, 2015                                   NET SALES $ 4,317,470     $ 4,356,357     $ 16,788,736     $ 24,096,169                                   COST OF SALES   1,299,919       1,451,389       4,998,682       7,675,264                                   GROSS PROFIT   3,017,551       2,904,968       11,790,054       16,420,905                                   OPERATING EXPENSES:                               General and administrative   1,181,688       1,132,220       4,258,177       5,380,819   Selling and marketing   1,877,684       2,355,145       8,514,634       12,428,314   Total operating expenses   3,059,372       3,487,365       12,772,811       17,809,133                                   OPERATING LOSS   (41,821 )     (582,397 )     (982,757 )     (1,388,228 )                                 INTEREST (EXPENSE) INCOME, NET   (3,076 )     327       13,587       657                                   LOSS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX   (44,897 )     (582,070 )     (996,344 )     (1,387,521 )                                 PROVISION (BENEFIT) FOR INCOME TAX   -       -       -       -                                   NET LOSS $ (44,897 )   $ (582,070 )   $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )                                 NET LOSS PER SHARE                               BASIC $ (0.00 )   $ (0.02 )   $ (0.04 )   $ (0.06 ) DILUTED $ (0.00 )   $ (0.02 )   $ (0.04 )   $ (0.06 )                                 WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES                               BASIC   28,301,389       26,964,741       28,213,675       24,979,067   DILUTED   28,301,389       26,964,741       28,213,675       24,979,067                                   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov.         ICTV BRANDS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015         2016     2015                   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:                 Net loss $ (996,344 )   $ (1,387,571 )   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash and cash equivalents provided by (used in) operating activities:                   Depreciation   7,607       8,306       Bad debt expense   920,929       1,371,797       Share based compensation   416,532       611,557       Non cash interest expense   15,423       -       Amortization of other asset   290,951       -     Change in assets and liabilities:                   Accounts receivable   (1,125,540 )     (725,509 )     Inventories   706,456       (227,725 )     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   162,754       193,460       Accounts payable and accrued liabilities   128,649       (1,066,686 )     Severance payable   (45,995 )     (1,005 )     Deferred revenue   (197,993 )     (291,445 )       Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities   283,429       (1,514,821 )                 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:                 Purchase of furniture and equipment   (2,090 )     -         Net cash used in investing activities   (2,090 )     -                   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:                 Payments on purchase agreement   (225,000 )     -     Proceeds from exercise of options   -       91,640     Proceeds from exercise of warrants   -       112,500     Proceeds from issuance of common stock   -       1,000,000     Release collateral on line of credit   -       500,000         Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   (225,000 )     1,704,140                   NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS   56,339       189,319   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of the year   1,334,302       1,144,983                   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of the year $ 1,390,641     $ 1,334,302                   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:                 Taxes paid $ -     $ 50     Interest paid   -       -                   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES:                 Cashless Exercise $ 48,378     $ 20,910     DermaWand Asset Purchase Agreement $ 1,200,000     $ -                   See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements as filed on www.sec.gov. Contact Information Contact Information: Rich Ransom ransom@ictvbrands.com 484-598-2313 Ernest P. Kollias, Jr. kollias@ictvbrands.com 484-598-2300, x318 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company ICTV Brands, Inc. From this industry Financial Services Lifestyle and Leisure Medical and Healthcare From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Venture Capital Family Fashion Personal Care/Fitness Recreation Women's Interest Healthcare See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Sponsored by Skip to content Contact Sponsorships Donate Write for us 12:00am — March 29, 2017 a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson Login | Register Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Entertainment All Headlines Contact About Ethics Donate now Underwriting/Sponsorships Sign up for newsletters! Breaking News Arizona Border Crime Downtown Politics & Gov't All Local Arizona Border Biz Crime Downtown Education Enviro Media Politics & Gov't Tech All Nation/World Border Mexico/Latin America Politics & Gov't Media Tech Enviro Health Business War Weird All Headlines Arizona Politics & Gov't Mexico/Latin America All Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Soccer High School College Pro Analysis Comics Guest Opinion All Arts & Culture Music Dance Theatre & Stage Classical Visual Arts Books History All Entertainment All Music Rock/Indie Jazz Classical Movies Food Celebs/Pop Culture Events/To Do Search Submit your event How truckers, hotel workers can fight sex trafficking Reporter profile More by Teresa Wiltz Tweet Latest Most Commented TUSD taps inside candidate as interim sup't Live weather radar 'Sanctuary cities' weigh response to Trump's threat to curb funding Justice Dep't joins lawsuit alleging massive Medicare fraud by UnitedHealth How truckers, hotel workers can fight sex trafficking A note to UA's new president: In my day, we didn't have 'safe places'7 Lawyer: BP 'lost or destroyed' original video of Nogales cross-border shooting1 Shafer withdraws as candidate for TUSD interim sup't1 TUSD set to hire interim leaders after apparent open meeting law violation1 JCPenney may close El Con store1 Thanks to Posted Mar 28, 2017, 12:27 pm Teresa Wiltz Stateline For most of his 20-year trucking career, Antoine Sadler figured if he saw something untoward at the truck stops, travel plazas and motels along his cross-country routes, the police would handle it. But three years ago, Sadler, who drives for Walmart, took a special training course for truckers, which taught him how to identify potential victims of sex trafficking: SUVs full of young girls in revealing clothing or someone at a rest stop clearly under the control of someone else. He realized that as a trucker, he was in a position to intervene by asking someone clearly in distress if they needed help or by calling the police. “As drivers, we should be the front line,” said Sadler, 43, who lives in North Carolina and now educates other truckers about sex trafficking. “That’s the only way this epidemic will stop: if everyone’s watching.” Some states are starting to agree with Sadler’s conclusion. Ohio in July began requiring that commercial truck drivers be trained in how to spot telltale signs of sex trafficking and how to report it. Last week, the Arkansas House approved a bill that would require training for truckers. Kansas, Kentucky and Texas also are considering similar bills — though the Kentucky bill goes a step further and would make it a crime for licensed truckers to use their rigs to facilitate trafficking, engage in prostitution or transport minors. The legislation represents a new attempt by states to enlist the public’s help in combating sex trafficking where it’s likely to occur — at highway truck and rest stops and in hotels and motels — or in hospitals, where victims sometimes end up. In January, Democratic Gov. Dannel Malloy of Connecticut announced an initiative in which state officials, law schools and hotel industry executives would train hotel and motel employees on how to be on the lookout for and report trafficking. In New York, Democratic Assemblywoman Amy Paulin introduced a bill this month that would require training for hotel workers. It’s along the lines of a law approved last year that requires New York hospital workers to be on the lookout for victims of trafficking. Educating and enlisting occupations that are likely to witness trafficking only makes sense to lawmakers like Paulin. Victims are often transported across state lines and show up in bus terminals or at truck stops, or they are put to work around truck stops, sports arenas, hotels, motels and convention centers. “If [hotel workers] see a girl hidden in a room for days, or if they see the same girl being brought back four or five times a week, they look the other way. But if they’re taught what to do, they can help those victims in a serious and positive way,” Paulin said. Support TucsonSentinel.com today, because a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson. Involving people like truckers also makes sense to Kendis Paris, executive director of Truckers Against Trafficking, a nonprofit that works with states’ attorneys general to implement training programs for truckers. After all, she said, there are more truck drivers on the road than police. “There are 3 million truckers,” Paris said. “If we can empower and equip them to be a transient army for law enforcement, think how many victims could be identified, and how many perpetrators could be arrested.” ‘Opportunity to Save Lives’ States in recent years have enacted tough laws that target sex traffickers, while at the same time providing help for minors and women who have been forced into prostitution. Nonetheless, trafficking remains a growing criminal enterprise, many states say. Nationally, there are no reliable statistics on trafficking, the U.S. Justice Department says. But the attorneys general in Indiana and Kentucky say trafficking is on the rise in their states, as do the Montana Department of Justice and the Miami-Dade State Attorney’s Office in South Florida. Authorities in some states are concerned the increase could be fueled by the nation’s drug addiction epidemic. An estimated one in six runaways reported to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children as missing were likely to be victims of sex trafficking. The National Human Trafficking Hotline, a 24-hour reporting service run by Polaris, an anti-trafficking group, said 5,551 sex-trafficking cases were reported to its hotline last year, up from 4,142 in 2015. The biggest number was reported in California (1,045), followed by Texas (473), Florida (401), Ohio (277) and New York (247). As reported numbers of cases of prostitution and sex slavery rise, indications are the nation’s exploding opioid addiction epidemic may be a contributing factor — and drug treatment clinics may be yet another place where traffickers go in search of people to target. “Traffickers will literally line up outside clinics and try to lure women into this industry with promises of drugs,” Democratic Attorney General Maura Healey of Massachusetts told the Boston Herald this month. Enlisting members of the public, especially truckers, as crime fighters is a next logical step in combating the trafficking, said Arkansas state Rep. Charlotte Douglas, a Republican who sponsored the trucker training bill in her state. “The more people we can train, the more eyes and ears are going to be out there,” Douglas said. “It’s not a burden to get this training. It’s an opportunity to save lives.” Stateline is a nonpartisan, nonprofit news service of the Pew Charitable Trusts that provides daily reporting and analysis on trends in state policy. - 30 - have your say    Comment on this story There are no comments yet. Why don't you get the discussion going? Join the conversation... You must be logged in or register to comment Categories news, politics & government, crime & safety, family/life, nation/world, breaking, Stateline Read more about sex trafficking More by Teresa Wiltz Legislative boundaries, lack of connections lead to few minority lawmakers Anti-panhandling laws face hurdle after Gilbert church case Q&A: Unaccompanied children from Central America, one year later Racial and ethnic disparities persist in teen pregnancy rates Racial generation gap looms large for Az, other states Sponsored by Tucson weather Weather data not available Yes! I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative! We're committed to making quality news accessible; we'll never set up a paywall or charge for our site. But we rely on your support to bring you independent news without the spin. Use our convenient PayPal/credit card donation form below or contact us at donate@tucsonsentinel.com today. Donate securely with PayPal $5,000 Newshound $2,500 Copy desk chief $1,000 Trusted source $500 Correspondent $250 Stringer $100 Cub reporter $50 Printer's Devil $25 Informed Source $10 Dear Reader Enter your own amount (below) OR: Subscribe and stretch your donation over time $5/mo. Printer's Devil $10/mo. Cub Reporter $20/mo. Stringer $40/mo. Correspondent Enter your own monthly amount (number only) TucsonSentinel.com is an Arizona nonprofit organization fiscally sponsored by FCIR.org, a 501c3 charity. Your contribution is tax-deductible. Sign up for TucsonSentinel.com email newsletters! Email Address * First Name Last Name Sponsored by A little bird told us... Tweets from @TucsonSentinel/website-embed Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Become a Sponsor Donate Write for us Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Music © 2009-2017 TucsonSentinel.com Hosting by Design by Context Designworks X close»
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks to Watch From the Motley Fool Money Team Will the cast convince you to put any of these companies on your radar? Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Mar 28, 2017 at 1:57PM Wrapping up their show, the Motley Fool Money team talks about the companies they have their eyes on going forward. Tune in to learn more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on March 17, 2017. Chris Hill: Let's get to the stocks on our radar. We'll bring in our man Steve Broido in from the other side of the glass to hit you with a question. Ron Gross, you're up first -- what are you looking at? Ron Gross: I'm going with Ecolab, ECL. It's a recent Best Buy Now here at The Motley Fool. They provide cleaning, sanitation, and other specialty chemical products and services for the hospitality, food-service, and healthcare markets. And I like my hospitality and food-service establishments clean. I hope you do, too. High recurring revenues, relatively low risk profile, raises its dividend every year for the past six. Stock looks relatively undervalued. Hill: Steve, question about Ecolab? Steve Broido: Don't most companies just do that naturally on their own? Do they need to hire someone? Gross: Big industrial places, big hotels, you need to outsource that kind of thing. Hill: Andy Cross, what's on your radar? Andy Cross: Same vein, from Stock Advisor, Cintas, which is the largest uniform provider, and also provides cleaning supplies and safety equipment to almost a million different businesses in the U.S., just last year announced their $2.2 billion acquisition of a competitor of theirs. The stock is up three times in value in the last five years. It generates a ton of cash. But the asset base is actually flat over that time period, so they're just very effective at doing more with less, or with the same amount. I like the stock here, and I think it's going to do well, and I'm looking to see what they talk about with this acquisition. Hill: The ticker symbol? Cross: CTAS. Cintas. Hill: Steve, question about Cintas? Broido: Does Cintas' uniforms, is this a laundering business? Is that repeat business? I wear the thing, it has to go back to get cleaned, and then back to me? Cross: Oh, yeah, hospitality is one of their biggest markets. So yeah, you'd wear the uniform, dirty it all up, and send it back. Hill: Seth Jayson, what are you looking at? Seth Jayson: I was going to see if I could be even more boring than those two stocks. Gross: How dare you. Jayson: Dorman Products. Gross: You win. Jayson: Do I win? They make replacement parts for fixing your car. For the most part, they're sold to places like Advance Auto or O'Reilly. They're one of those sleepers. I recommended them a while ago to Hidden Gems. They were a best buy a few times. They seem to be not doing all that great, kind of forgot about them, I checked them out the other day and they were up 90% or something from the point of being picked. And I looked and the reason why is that, for several quarters, the retailers who stock their parts were going through a destocking process, and trying to lean out their operations, and that was a drag on sales for Dorman. And that has finally turned around. The shelves are empty, I guess. Dorman is also doing a better job of changing its product mix. They're selling higher-value stuff, getting rid of the lower-value stuff. And some of these complex electronics modules that they're selling replacements for are even pricier. The stock is higher than it's been for a while, but I think, as vehicles get older, and they continue to get older, more people are going to have to fix them, they're going to sell more stuff. DORM is the ticker. Hill: Steve?  Broido: What makes me want to buy a Dorman product versus the generic thing off the shelf? Jayson: You may not even know, but the generic thing off the shelf may actually be the Dorman product. But what happens is, you go to Advance Auto or one of the others and see what they have. The Dorman products tend to be, I think, better engineered than something you're going to get, a fly-by-night generic product out of China. But again, you're going to have to do some experimenting to find out which one you really want. I look at the Buffett thing. You don't pay a whole lot more to get a name you trust. Hill: Steve? Broido: I'm going with Cintas. Gross: Fixed. Andy Cross has no position in any stocks mentioned. Chris Hill has no position in any stocks mentioned. Ron Gross has no position in any stocks mentioned. Seth Jayson has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ecolab. The Motley Fool owns shares of O'Reilly Automotive. The Motley Fool recommends Cintas and Dorman Products. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Mar 28, 2017 at 1:57PM Consumer Goods Read More Why Fitbit, Sears Holdings, and Exact Sciences Jumped Today Why Williams-Sonoma Inc. Can Be a Long-term Market Beater Penn National Showing Upside of Gaming REIT Model The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 What Happened in the Stock Market Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments 2 men arrested for cocaine possession after cops receive tip Print Email Dave Hutchinson | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Dave Hutchinson | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Somerset Reporter on March 28, 2017 at 3:05 PM, updated March 28, 2017 at 3:06 PM comments MANVILLE - Acting on a tip, borough police arrested two Perth Amboy men for possession of cocaine, Somerset County Prosecutor Michael H. Robertson announced in a news release Tuesday. Rodolfo Romero-Rosa (left) and Luis Torres. (Somerset County Prosecutor's Office) Rodolfo Romero-Rosa, 34, and Luis Torres, 24, were taken into custody after police received information that on March 17 two Hispanic males would be arriving in the borough's Walmart parking lot in a white pickup truck and in possession of a quantity of cocaine, according to the release. At approximately 7:30 p.m., members of the county's Organized Crime and Narcotics Task Force and borough police staking out the area spotted the vehicle, which was driven by Torres, it was stated. A search of the vehicle resulted in the seizure of approximately three ounces of cocaine located in the cup holder of a child's booster seat, police said. It has an estimated street value of $5,000. Romero-Rosa and Torres have each been charged with second-degree possession of cocaine with intent to distribute. They're being held in the Somerset County Jail pending a detention hearing. Dave Hutchinson may be reached at dhutchinson@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @DHutch_SL. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Weather Circulars Jail mugs MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Trump says he expects a health care deal ‘very quickly’ U.S. House votes to block Obama-era online privacy rule Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Hy-Vee Hoopla Bracket Challenge Featured Kevin Haskin: After fearlessly defying odds, NBA bid by Mason not to be ruled out Royals, key players looking for bounce-back season in 2017 Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured Not a lumberjack? You can still eat a filling breakfast Added protein rounds out Greek salad Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Editorial: Don’t veto the Medicaid bill Rocky Nichols: The disability community urges expansion of Medicaid Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted March 28, 2017 01:37 pm - Updated March 28, 2017 05:50 pm By Savanna Maue savanna.maue@cjonline.com Blue Moose Bar & Grill announces April opening of Lawrence location Blue Moose will open a Lawrence location in April. (Blue Moose Lawrence/Facebook) The Blue Moose Bar & Grill will be expanding to break into the Lawrence market. (Savanna Maue/The Capital-Journal) The Blue Moose Bar & Grill will be expanding to break into the Lawrence market. (Savanna Maue/The Capital-Journal) After announcing its expansion to Manhattan in June, the Blue Moose Bar & Grill announced Tuesday that the popular restaurant, which already has a Topeka location, will expand to break into the Lawrence market as well. The restaurant will be at 6th and Wakarusa, just east of Walmart, at 525 Wakarusa Suite D, next door to SPIN! Neapolitan Pizza. It is expected to open April 24. “Lawrence is a great community, and with our ties in Kansas City, many people have asked for us to come to the market over the years,” KC Hopps CEO Chris Sutton said in an email. “We love that it’s on the way to Manhattan and Topeka where our other Western Kansas locations are. We have really enjoyed expanding, the communities have been very supportive and enthusiastic. And of course, we are big KU fans too!” The Blue Moose Bar & Grill originally opened in 2002 in Prairie Village. The restaurant chain has expanded in recent years to Overland Park, Lenexa, Topeka and Manhattan. Its menu features fresh ingredients and offers a variety of small plates, salads, gourmet pizzas and sandwiches, steaks, chops and seafood. The Lawrence Blue Moose location will feature nightly drink specials and a selection of wine and local beers on tap. With a variety of local brews avialable in Lawrence, Blue Moose will offer Free State Brewing Co.’s Yakimaniac IPA on tap and Copperhead Pale Ale in bottles, as well as Yankee Tank Brewing’s Scissortail American-style cream on tap. The restaurant chain is owned and managed by Overland Park-based investors KC Hopps Ltd., according to a news release. KC Hopps restaurants also include Barley’s Kitchen + Tap, O’Dowd’s Little Dublin, Stroud’s Pan-Fried Chicken and Hopps Catering. “We are very excited to bring the Blue Moose concept to the Lawrence market,” said Ed Nelson, president of KC Hopps. “We’ve built a significant following with our diverse menu, our Tuesday and Thursday drink specials and the popular Sunday brunch.” Sunday brunch will be served from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. with a full buffet including bacon, breakfast sausage, oven-baked ham, biscuits and gravy, waffles and made-to-order options, such as eggs Benedict and an omelet bar with 40 add-in ingredients. Sutton said there will be no distinct differences at the Lawrence location, as it will feature the same menu, hand-crafted cocktails and an extensive wine and beer list. The location also will offer an open-air patio and a private room that can accommodate up to 40 people. Advertisement Most Popular News Tue, 03/28/2017 - 17:53 Kansas Senate approves KanCare expansion, sends bill to Gov. Sam Brownback News Tue, 03/28/2017 - 16:45 78-year-old woman injured after being hit by car at Topeka Apple Market News Tue, 03/28/2017 - 16:33 Kansas Public Radio and audio reader network facing $400,000 in total budget cuts News Tue, 03/28/2017 - 17:17 National Geographic picks Topeka Zoo educator for expedition to Galapagos Islands   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Tue, 03/28/2017 - 17:50 Blue Moose Bar & Grill announces April opening of Lawrence location Tue, 03/28/2017 - 10:31 Toby Keith video presses for wildfire relief donations Luke Ranker Activists share story of Charles Sheldon in hopes of inspiring bipartisan advocacy Savanna Maue Tulip Time Festival Queen discusses upcoming reign, peculiar hobby Load more   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
skip to main content classical 88.7 | public radio 89.5 Site Menu Donate Menu Home Schedule Programs A-Z Public Radio 89.5-1 Classical 88.7-1 Jazz 89.5-2 Songbook 88.7-2 World Radio 89.5-3 News Weather & Traffic Local & Regional NPR National News StudioTulsa StateImpact Oklahoma Music Search Playlists Classical Jazz Folk American Songbook Wind Band Western Swing Listen Listen Live StudioTulsa Podcasts Medical Matters Answers In Energy Voices of Oklahoma Science Matters Sound Portraits Connect About Us Contact Us Hosts & Staff PRT Newsletter Public File Support Make a Donation Become a Member Vehicle Donation Underwriting Events The Give and Take Community Calendar Submit Event Public Announcements Search Menu Home Schedule Programs A-Z Public Radio 89.5-1 Classical 88.7-1 Jazz 89.5-2 Songbook 88.7-2 World Radio 89.5-3 News Weather & Traffic Local & Regional NPR National News StudioTulsa StateImpact Oklahoma Music Search Playlists Classical Jazz Folk American Songbook Wind Band Western Swing Listen Listen Live StudioTulsa Podcasts Medical Matters Answers In Energy Voices of Oklahoma Science Matters Sound Portraits Connect About Us Contact Us Hosts & Staff PRT Newsletter Public File Support Make a Donation Become a Member Vehicle Donation Underwriting Events The Give and Take Community Calendar Submit Event Public Announcements Search House Amendment of Senate Bill Could Eliminate Ag Department Price Monitoring Program By Matt Trotter • 11 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email The Oklahoma House approved a plan Tuesday to eliminate price monitoring through the state Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry. Rep. Jeff Coody successfully amended Senate Bill 493 to repeal Oklahoma’s weights and measures misrepresentation law. He said it’s obsolete for big retailers with automated systems "With the advent of the big-box retailers — Lowe's, Home Depot, Walmart and you name it — everything is so electronic and so automated that those companies really don't even — they're not subject to this program," Coody said. Coody said given that, the weights and measures statute puts an additional burden on small-town businesses. "We have the consumer protection act that's already in place. We have the Better Business Bureau. Why should we be inundating our hometown mom-and-pop stores, small businesses that are already under duress from the big-box companies?" Coody said. The bill previously gave an exemption just to sellers of building materials if they weren’t a "national home center." The House Agriculture and Rural Development Committee passed the amended SB493 13–0. TweetShareGoogle+Email © 2017 Public Radio Tulsa Facebook Twitter
Daily Journal DJournal Chickasaw Journal Itawamba Times Monroe Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate Southern Sentinel Pontotoc Progress News Sports Business Living Opinion Weather Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Scene Now Education Matters Lee County Neighbors Capitol Blog Inside Mississippi State Sports Inside Ole Miss Sports NeMiss Preps Sports Buzz Keep Running Real Estate NeMiss Jobs Classifieds Business Dir Advertise Subscribe eEdition Contact Us Directory Pontotoc Progress Pontotoc County | Mississippi News Navigation Home About Us Contact Us Advertise News Sports Business Living Bridal View Announcements Submit Announcement Opinion Weather Obituaries View Latest Obituaries View Archived Obituaries Buy Photos eEdition   Lady Warriors qualify five for Class II state championships By Regina Butler | 8:55 am | March 23, 2017 | Sports By Jonathan Wise PONTOTOC- The Pontotoc Lady Warriors hosted the 2017 Class II North Half championships last Thursday at the high’s school indoor athletic facility (old Wal-Mart building). PHS finished the day 5th overall, and five of the eight lifters posted a top three finish to advance to the state meet on a April 14. A’Miracl Johnson, Deaisha Browner, and Khazaraj Ivy and Precious Golden came in 2nd in their weight classes, while Shelby Mull posted a 3rd place finish. “I thought for the most part the girls competed well. They did everything they could possibly do to advance to the state meet,” said head coach Mickey Mapp. “I am very proud of the girls who finished. We lost a couple of seniors that weren’t able to move on, so I am disappointed for them. We appreciate everything that they’ve done for us. I am excited about ones that we have going. It’s down to the top six in the state. I don’t think we have enough going to win a team championship, but I think they all have a chance (to have success individually). You go down there and have a good day you have a good chance to come home with a medal. “We have a sophomore, a freshman and an eighth grader going (to state), so we are excited about our future with the ones that will be returning next year. But we can still get stronger. I hope they all go down and have a great meet.” “It’s always a hectic situation getting everything ready for the meet,” Mapp said. “I want to thank the administration for being behind us and all the parents that pitched in and helped out. I want to give a special thanks to Cole Smith’s mom Ginger McGregor and her parents, who ran the concession stands for us and they didn’t even have a kid who was lifting. We had four or five young ladies who came and volunteered their time to run the tables for us, so we appreciate them. I also definitely want to thank coach (Marty) Warren, my assistant. He’s instrumental in the things that go well.” Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) About Regina Butler View all posts by Regina Butler → Lady Cougars go 4-0 in spring break tournament Chamber award deadline is Friday Search © 2017 Pontotoc Progress. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Amazon launches store-pick grocery service in Seattle By Reuters Published: 12:58 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 12:58 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail March 28 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc launched AmazonFresh Pickup service from two locations in Seattle, as the online giant attempts to crack into the multi-billion dollar grocery market dominated by retail giants such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. AmazonFresh Pickup, currently open only to employees, allows users enrolled in its Prime service, to drive in and pick up groceries from the pick up locations. Amazon Prime members can place the order online and choose a time for the pick up, the company said on Tuesday. The company will keep the order bagged. (http://bit.ly/2nr0nVK) The company also delivers groceries to homes under its AmazonFresh service. Amazon also has a physical book store in Seattle, as well as pop-ups at malls where it displays Amazon devices such as the Kindle. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'A touching portrayal of grief': Fans pen their 'utmost respect' for Rio Ferdinand after his 'heartbreaking' documentary about the loss of his wife Rebecca That'll leave a sour taste! Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond shares TV chef's striking good looks at 23... but none of her winning charm Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' Instigated split after series of family dramas Meet my new bit on the side(boob)! TOWIE's Amber Turner remains steely as she sees giggling ex Jamie Reed and his busty squeeze Jade Lewis Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio It's all in the jeans She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least £50million seven years after they nervously auditioned on The X Factor 'Signature pose... got to do it!': Ice T's racy wife Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Not much material, girl Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Bathing beauty! Home & Away star Pia Miller showcases her model physique in a colourful string bikini and daisy dukes as she films iconic soap A blooming lovely couple! Mark Wright makes wife Michelle Keegan laugh out loud as she stuns in a floral jumpsuit Out for a London stroll Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung leads style queens Rosamund Pike, Arizona Muse and Donna Air at the ultra-glamorous National Portrait Gallery Gala It's OK, Rio - there is nothing wrong with the stiff upper lip: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews ex-footballer's Being Mum and Dad documentary  TOWIE's Megan McKenna shows off her eye-popping cleavage in plunging wrap dress as she shirks Pete Wicks love woes on girls' night out 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  MIC's Alex Mytton brings ex Jess Woodley to magazine launch... days after EXPLOSIVE 'drunken' row with girlfriend Lottie Moss His other blonde... Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims  So that explains it! Famously pouty Victoria Beckham steps out in a T-shirt with slogan 'Fashion Stole My Smile' Hint at why she always pouts 'I love with everything in me': Kerry Katona shares poignant message about mental health as she admits to feeling 'a little blue' on social media That's one dapper date! Alexa Chung's father Philip steps in as she leaves beau Alexander Skarsgard at home for a night at the National Portrait Gala Go on, my son! Wayne Rooney's one-year-old Kit follows in his father's footballing footsteps with his first goal... ONE WEEK after learning to walk Jeremy McConnell pines for son Caben Albi as he's forced to share 'throwback' moment... yet keeps silent over row with Stephanie Davis Looking ace! Serena Williams shows off curvaceous figure in swimsuit as she documents island getaway on Snapchat Tropical getaway Katie Price names and shames Internet trolls targeting her disabled son Harvey, as she launches petition to make online bullying a criminal offence 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils widened in SECOND nose job as her airwaves are being painfully restricted Strike a pose, Vogue! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, makes his modelling debut for Adidas in new campaign in collaboration with Alexander Wang Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring What's going on here then? Footballer Ched Evans and girlfriend Natasha Massey roll past the Duchess of Cambridge as they miss out on the Portrait Gala 'I love him to bits and he's funny': Helen McCrory calls husband Damian Lewis her 'best friend' and says they'd love to act together again Blonde bombshell Bianca Gascoigne shows off her endless legs in a white skirt suit for restaurant launch Looked sexily sophisticated at bash Vanessa White puts on a subtly saucy display in sheer floral crop top and casual jeans as she joins a grungy Ashley James at Notion Magazine bash Edgy Zayn Malik ditches his raven man-bun in favour of a bright green chop in brooding new selfie Leaving hair experts green with envy Love Island's Olivia Buckland displays her honed pins in blush coloured denims as she enjoys a date night in Essex with fiancé Alex Bowen 'I drink green juice every single morning:' Martha Stewart, 75, reveals her secret weapon in anti-aging process Top tip 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA Back in black! Anne Hathaway dazzles in ruffling back-baring Armani at the premiere of Colossal in NYC Stunned at the event  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl SHEER-an generosity! Now Ed teams up with David Beckham, Roger Daltrey for the Teenage Cancer Trust after saving Liberian street boys on Comic Relief 'Like almond butter': Lily Collins looks smooth as she flashes her toned abs in knotted top with cheeky message as she heads for a mani-pedi 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her mermaid locks and pert posterior in figure hugging bodysuit and jeans EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour She wishes she was Gone, Girl! Nancy Dell'Olio and Rosamund Pike sport strikingly similar white lace gowns at National Portrait Gallery gala SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna struggles to hold back tears as she confronts Pete Wicks about their relationship in new TOWIE scenes Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Friendly exes! Brad Pitt 'secretly joined' Angelina Jolie during trip to Cambodia in February 'so he could spend time with the kids' Share six children  Just like mum! Courteney Cox's girl Coco lands role in music video... two decades on from Friends star's big break in Bruce Springsteen clip SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Earl's girl Kitty drives David Walliams dotty! Social media photo leads comedian to comment: 'Oh my'  Hoping for big Money? Floyd Mayweather puts his $4.8m Koenigsegg hypercar on the market... one of only two in the world Elton John teams with Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice to turn Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat into animated film 'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview Sheer daring! Sai Bennett flashes her legs in a see-through skirt and hot pants as she steps out at star-studded Portrait Gala  Dynamic duo! Drew Barrymore and America Ferrera lead the honorees at upcoming Gracie Awards Big night for women in entertainment 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv Can't stop the (new home) feeling! Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel buy $27.5 million penthouse in Tribeca Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  She's a chameleon! Olivia Wilde wears black wig and loses the fake bump while shooting Life Itself... a week after filming as a 'pregnant' blonde What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'Your wish is my command': Ryan Reynolds superfan gets the star's name tattooed on his backside and shares the results on Twitter A chip off the old block! Brenton Thwaites confirmed as son of Orlando Bloom's character in upcoming Pirates Of The Caribbean film 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  Homerun humor! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez share a laugh as they enjoy intimate double date in LA 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Looking (Love)good! Harry Potter star Evanna Lynch is worlds away from dippy Luna as she opts for Fifties-style glamour at Warner Bros Studio launch The first awakens! Oscar Isaac and girlfriend Elvira Lind are expecting their first child together Revealed baby bump  'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours Angels on Earth! Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes look heavenly flaunting their taut tummies after a bite in Beverly Hills Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Veep vet Chris Addison has been chosen to direct Dirty Rotten Scoundrels remake starring Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her ongoing philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Own direction: 1D's Harry Styles to perform solo as musical guest on SNL's first live coast-to-coast show New music  She'll put a spell on you! Stephanie Pratt parades her honed pins in sizzling emerald mini dress at Forbidden Forest launch 'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy Arizona Muse stuns in backless silk gown as she joins fiancé Boniface Verney-Carron at National Portrait Gallery gala Paparazzo in LAX brawl with One Direction star Louis Tomlinson 'harassed' an ex girlfriend and has sued other entertainment big shots for MILLIONS Paris Hilton can't keep her hands off new beau Chris Zylka days after she claims he's 'the one' as they arrive at LAX airport A beaming appearance 'We got very lucky!': Mila Kunis raves about her children's sibling bond... as put on stylish display at CinemaCon Embraced comfort  Scorpion's Katharine McPhee looks happy on Malibu set alongside rumored boyfriend Elyes Gabel Beachy shoot There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out 'It's about to get tough': Kevin Hart admits he's terrified his 12-year-old daughter Heaven is starting to talk about boys Mayim Bialik lectures against describing women as 'girls' in a furious video, noting that calling a man a 'boy' would be seen as 'demeaning'  Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach EXCLUSIVE The honeymoon crasher! Vanderpump Rules newlyweds Tom and Katie share luxury holiday album  'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Uptown (sales)girl: Christie Brinkley, 63, is stunningly gorgeous at HSN offices where she prepares to sell hair clip-ons and face masks Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Tony Curtis's ex wife and Austria's first Golden Globe winner Christine Kaufmann dies aged 72 Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Parks & Recreation vets Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman are reuniting to host the reality competition show The Handmade Project Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Supergirl's Melissa Benoist can't keep her hands off co-star Chris Wood as duo confirm romance in Mexico 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris 'You brought me so much joy': Nina Dobrev pays emotional tribute to her beloved cat who died aged 18 years Sad news SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Johnny Depp accuses former business managers of 'smear campaign' after they claimed he 'squandered' his money on lavish lifestyle Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Good News Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us FOOD & DRINK Chicken nuggets, chicken fries and patties recalled due to possible contamination Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1822443" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> KTRK Tuesday, March 28, 2017 11:40AM HOUSTON (KTRK) -- Nearly one million pounds of breaded chicken items are being recalled due to a possible contamination. OK Food Inc. is recalling the chicken after some customers found metal objects in their food. Several brands are part of the recall, including Walmart's Great Value. According to a press release, the problem was discovered on March 21 after five consumers complained about the metal objects. After an investigation, inspectors identified the objects as ones from a conveyor belt. "There have been no confirmed reports of adverse reactions due to consumption of these products. Anyone concerned about an injury or illness should contact a healthcare provider," the press release read. If you have any questions, call(479) 312-2409. A full list of recalled items can be found here. Related Topics: foodconsumerrecallchicken Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. FOOD & DRINK Jose Ole recalling 35,000 pounds of frozen taquitos Get free breakfast at McDonald's for STAAR test Cooking With ABC13 Cooking With ABC13 More Food & Drink Top Stories Widespread severe weather expected Wednesday Families remember loved ones killed in apartment shooting Massive pot growing operation busted in Brazoria County Body found near Brazos River believed to be La Marque man Exclusive video of possible serial robber in W Harris Co. Teen fights off alleged abductors in her driveway Man allegedly abandons young son while drinking Show More Three storm chasers were killed in crash east of Lubbock Former Texas Congressman indicted in charity scam Deputies respond to man barricaded inside home Waller HS student suspended for haircut Deputies: Graffiti tagger busted with wax marijuana More News Top Video Families remember loved ones killed in apartment shooting Teen fights off alleged abductors in her driveway Two Houston women see face of Jesus in oak tree Police officer has adorable dinner date with girl More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Good News Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Facebook Pinterest Instagram Search Everyday Cooking Meal Planning Grocery Shopping Budget Smart Tips Kitchn Meal Plans Kitchn Menus How To Cooking Lessons Baking Lessons Knife Lessons Meat Lessons Pro Technique Surprising Ideas Cooking School Baking School Living At Home With... Kitchn Life Opinion LOL Healthy Living Children Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Tools Organizing Rental Kitchens Pantry Set Up a Kitchen Gather Kitchn Gatherings Cocktails Dinner for a Crowd Great Gifts Weddings Etiquette Holidays Gift Guides Travel Shopping Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Dessert Cocktails Baking Videos Traditional Grocery Stores Can't Keep Up with Digital Shopping Grocery News Traditional Grocery Stores Can't Keep Up with Digital Shopping Susmita Baral Mar 24, 2017 Food News Grocery Shopping Home Share Pin It Email Share Email (Image credit: Wegmans) Share Email Those who regularly shop at the grocery stores may have noticed a trend over the past few years: the prices are getting better and better. It's not an illusion — chain supermarkets have been lowering their rates to keep up with the competitive times. USA Today reports the pricing scale is offering shoppers great bargains, but it's taking the axe to grocery store's profits. "It's created a price war among everybody," Phil Lempert, a supermarket analyst, tells USA Today. "This is great news for consumers, but bad news for businesses who sell food." The fierce competition is coming from bargain shops like Walmart, online retailers, and wholesale stores. And, according to NPR, shoppers are choosing smaller markets, convenience stores, farmers markets, and even dollar stores over brick-and-mortar grocery stores. To keep up, grocery chains are dropping prices and trying harder than ever to sell more volume to make up costs. According to the Agriculture Department's Economic Research Service, the cost of supermarket items dropped by 1.3 percent last year — the first decline since 1967. Cost-cutting is being seen across the board. Wegmans slashed prices on bananas, peanut butter, beef, and dairy. Even wholesaler Costco dropped prices for eggs (18 extra-large eggs cost $3.61 last year, but now cost $1.79), pistachios, and liquid detergent. (Image credit: Sergey Ryzhov/Shutterstock) Online grocery shopping is also a looming threat. According to the "The Digitally Engaged Food Shopper" report from the Food Marketing Institute, the market for shopping for food online has the potential to grow five-fold over the next 10 years. American consumers may be spending around $100 billion on online groceries by 2025, reports CNBC. Already a quarter of American households are purchasing some parts of their groceries online, and millennial shoppers surveyed by the Food Marketing Institute reported more willingness to shop online for groceries. But the report doesn't have a bleak forecast for supermarkets. It predicts traditional grocery stores will have to "reconfigure" their strategy. "Only the retailers that first develop an understanding of their digitally engaged shoppers, build a strategy around that understanding, and cost-effectively integrate digital food retail into their banner and channel promise will be market leaders," the report states. Share Email Submit a story Got a tip, kitchen tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2017 Apartment Therapy, LLC. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home CNY's Job Hunt Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Boys Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Ice Hockey Field Hockey Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Tennis Competitive Cheer Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Gymnastics Girls Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube channel Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Syracuse police ID one woman, seek another in stolen credit card case Credit card theft ID.jpg Syracuse police are seeking to identify the woman pictured in this surveillance photo. The woman is suspected of using a stolen credit card at Wal-Mart in Camillus around March 12, 2017. (Provided) Print Email Samantha House | shouse@syracuse.com By Samantha House | shouse@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 28, 2017 at 12:39 PM, updated March 28, 2017 at 12:41 PM comments SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- One of the two women police suspected of using a credit card stolen in Syracuse has been identified, but not charged. The Syracuse Police Department released two surveillance photos on Monday of two women entering and exiting Wal-Mart in Camillus. The women were suspected of using a stolen credit card at the store, said Sgt. Richard Helterline, a police spokesman. One of the women has been identified, Helterline said Tuesday. It does not appear the woman used the credit card, he said. "At this point, she is not facing any charges related to this incident as she may not have known what was occurring," Helterline said. Police are still searching for the second woman initially identified as a suspect. In surveillance footage, the woman is pictured pushing a shopping cart filled with a large purchase out of Wal-Mart. The owner of the stolen credit card reported the theft on Sunday, Helterline said. The woman told police she lost her credit card early on March 11 on James Street in Eastwood, Helterline said. When she contacted her credit card company and reported the card was missing, she was told the card had been used at Wal-Mart, he said. Police asked anyone who recognizes the woman or has information about the case to call (315) 442-5222 or submit anonymous tips through the SPD Tips app. Syracuse police searching for 2 in stolen credit card case; Have you seen them? Crime in Central NY Police Blotter Search for arrests by Syracuse and Central New York law enforcement agencies and New York State Police. Map: Onondaga County crimes More Crime & Safety news » More News Topics Traffic: Construction & road conditions Weather: Latest news & forecasts Syracuse & Central NY obituaries Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Advance Media New York Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Submit letter, commentary Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Media New York. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Media New York. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Krauthammer backs one part of Trump's Obamacare repeal plan Watch: Fort Worth police officer shares touching moment with a little fan 'I am a strong black woman and I cannot be intimidated': Maxine Waters slams O'Reilly The DNC just fired its entire staff - here's why Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Lawrence Jones Mike Opelka Check out all channels MyVoice Radio TV Login Join www.theblaze.com Nearly a million pounds of chicken nuggets are being recalled for a good — and horrifying — reason Sara Gonzales Mar 28, 2017 12:18 pm OK Foods Inc., which sells the breaded chicken under several different brand names was forced to recall 933,272 pounds of the product because it may be contaminated with "extraneous materials," according to the USDA. (Image source: Inform Video) 90 Follow Share Tweet A food manufacturing company in Oklahoma City issued a recall of their breaded chicken products last week for a reason many will likely find unsettling: Several consumers reportedly found pieces of metal inside the chicken. OK Foods Inc., which sells the breaded chicken under several different brand names, including Wal-Mart’s Great Value brand, was forced to recall 933,272 pounds of the product because it may be contaminated with “extraneous materials,” according to the USDA‘s Food Safety and Inspection Service. The discovery came last week after five consumers complained about finding the metal objects inside their ready-to-eat chicken products. Further investigation identified the source of the metal so the company could track which products were affected. “After an internal investigation, the firm identified the affected product and determined that the objects in all the complaints came from metal conveyor belting,” the FSIS said in a statement. The products include chicken nuggets, chicken patties, and other breaded chicken products sold under the Great Value brand, Farmington, and SmartFoods4Schools, a company that provides school lunches to children. While there have not been any confirmed reports of adverse reactions due to consumption of the product, the USDA is urging consumers to check their chicken product labels and look for the establishment number “P-7092” inside the USDA mark of inspection. Consumers are being instructed to either throw the contaminated products away or return them to the place of purchase. More information can be found on the USDA’s website here. Share Tweet Rate this story 2% 3% 3% 40% 51% Recommended from the Web Other Must-Read Stories 90 Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2017 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu News Channels MyVoice Radio TV Logout Following Saved Content Help Invite Friends Contact Jobs Advertise Content Partners Terms Privacy × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Comment Section FAQ I'm not seeing my post to MyVoice. How come? Approved posts to MyVoice will be live on the site within a few hours. MyVoice is for posting intelligent, engaging, entertaining and thought-provoking commentary and stories, so following these guidelines will help get your post prioritized and noticed. Why is there a red near my name? Moderators assign strikes for violations of our comment policy. Strikes will disappear automatically in 24 hours, provided you have no further violations. However, if you earn three strikes within 24 hours, your account will be temporary suspended. How can I delete my comments after I’ve posted them? Please email moderation@theblaze.com to let us know you would like it removed. I’m having trouble editing and replying to comments, or I’m getting an error when I try to post. What can I do? If you notice something is not working as expected, please email us at moderation@theblaze.com. What should I do if I see someone causing trouble? You can report offending posts by clicking on the little flag icon below every post. This will automatically inform our moderators. If you spot a troublemaker, you can also email us at moderation@theblaze.com. × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region U.S. & World News from MLive.com 1 million pounds of chicken recalled after metal found inside meat Posted on March 28, 2017 at 12:10 PM 19 Gallery: 3-28-17: 1 million pounds of chicken recalled after metal found inside meat By Benjamin Raven braven@mlive.com Nearly 1 million pounds of ready-to-eat chicken products have been recalled after consumers reportedly found metal objects inside the meat.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service reports five consumers reported finding metal inside the OK Food Inc. distributed chicken. This led to the recall of the 933,272 pounds of ready-to-eat, breaded chicken products.  The Oklahoma-based company uses several brand names for its products once they hit store floors, including Walmart's Great Value brand.  Refer to the gallery at the top of this page for a rundown of what to look out for. the USDA has labeled this as a "Class I" recall, which is the most severe of the three rankings.  The affected ready-to-eat chicken nuggets and fingers were manufactured between Dec. 19, 2016 and March 7, according to the FSIS report. Products under the recall will have a "P-7092" USDA inspection mark somewhere on the packaging.  "The problem was discovered on March 21, 2017 after OK Foods Inc. received five consumer complaints stating that metal objects were found in the ready-to-eat chicken products and by FSIS inspection personnel during verification activities," the FSIS reports. "After an internal investigation, the firm identified the affected product and determined that the objects in all the complaints came from metal conveyor belting." There have been no reports of "adverse reactions," according to the FSIS document. Consumer questions can be directed to 479-312-2409.  About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Qatar GCC Middle East Europe Americas Africa India Pakistan/Afghanistan Asia Philippines Oceania Business Qatar Business GCC Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Oil Market Sports Qatar Sport Football Tennis Formula One Cricket Athletics Golf NBA Rugby Basketball Olympics Life Style Features & more Tech & Science Motoring Health Food Travel Views Editor in Chief Columns Opinion In Focus Syrian Civil War Islamic State Doha Today Community Campus Souq Entertainment Hollywood Bollywood World Cinema Music Jobs Search Jobs Advanced Search Post Your CV Home Business World Business Previous Post Spain more optimistic on unemployment... Next Post Trump to offer federal coal to industry... Amazon launches store-pick grocery service in Seattle  28 Mar 2017 - 18:18 AmazonFresh Pickup (Photo courtesy: GeekWire) Reuters AmazonFresh Pickup at its brick-and-mortar grocery store in Seattle, as the online giant attempts to crack into the multi-billion dollar grocery market dominated by retail giants such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. AmazonFresh Pickup, currently open only to employees, allows users enrolled in its Prime service, to drive in and pick up groceries from the company’s grocery store in Seattle, which it opened last year. Amazon Prime members can place the order online and choose a time for the pick up, the company said on Tuesday. The company will keep the order bagged. The company also delivers groceries to homes under its AmazonFresh service. Amazon also has a physical book store in Seattle, as well as pop-ups at malls where it displays Amazon devices such as the Kindle. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) See the video Share this post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Editor-in-Chief The Peninsula: Leading from the front Dr. Khalid Al-Shafi Opinions By arresting its co-founder, Israel has confirmed... Dr Daud Abdullah German Voters Reject Government with Radicals Leonid Bershidsky Is regional federalism the solution for Iraq? Saad Al Douri What a Macron presidency would mean for France Therese Raphael The Human Rights Council must take a stand against... Dr Daud Abdullah Immigration works fine when newcomers can... Noah Smith No woman should die to give birth Dr Claire Fotheringham English language programme in the Arabic Track Ramz Al Rabadi Why Muslims could actually thrive in President... Jalal Baig A challenge from the Palestinian diaspora Dr Daud Abdullah Latest News Hot News California prepares for war with Trump over environment  29 Mar 2017 - 9:49 The illegal deliveryman who became one of China's richest...  29 Mar 2017 - 9:34 Indian police set up security after mob attack on Africans  29 Mar 2017 - 9:26 Ministry cautions Qatar citizens against travelling to...  26 Mar 2017 - 17:42 Qatar Meteorology warns strong wind and thundery rain  25 Mar 2017 - 8:27 Qatar to get more rain and strong wind tonight  26 Mar 2017 - 17:54 Video Gallery Photo Gallery Qatar Airways - QSuite Emir attends Education Excellence Day Emir leads nation on sport day Spring Festival at Souq Al-Wakra Shop Qatar Latest Tweets Tweets by @PeninsulaQatar Latest News California prepares for war with Trump over environment The illegal deliveryman who became one of China's richest men Indian police set up security after mob attack on Africans Hot News Ministry cautions Qatar citizens against travelling to Maldives Qatar Meteorology warns strong wind and thundery rain Qatar to get more rain and strong wind tonight About Us The Peninsula newspaper provides extensive news coverage, incisive analyses and trenchant commentary from around the world, but with firm roots and primary focus on life in Qatar. Stay in touch © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Toggle navigation About Contact
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection CNET On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Amazon wants to deliver groceries to your car in 15 minutes The e-commerce giant is developing several new store concepts, including grocery pickup locations in Seattle called AmazonFresh Pickup. Internet by Ben Fox Rubin 28 March 2017 5:20 pm BST @benfoxrubin AmazonFresh Pickup has arrived. Amazon on Tuesday showed off a quick video and landing page for its newest store concept: grocery pickup locations. The stores are still in beta, with only Amazon employees able to use them. The company didn't say when the two stores in Seattle will open to the public, but the locations will only be available for Prime members. Customers will be able to order online or on mobile from thousands of items, including produce, meats, dairy and everyday essentials. Amazon workers will select and bag orders for them, then bring them to customers' cars at reserved times. The company said orders can be picked up in as little as 15 minutes after an order is placed. The stores in Seattle's SODO and Ballard neighborhoods, which were expected for months during construction and permitting, are free to use, with no minimum orders. In comparison, AmazonFresh, the company's long-standing grocery delivery service, costs $15 per month to join and includes a $10 charge for orders under $40. The new stores are part of Amazon's effort to grow its physical retail presence, with the company opening bookstores, campus pickup locations and mall popups. Amazon in December also showed off a short video for Amazon Go, a convenience store without cashiers that's also in beta. AmazonFresh Pickup is the company's way of getting a foothold in "click and collect" groceries so it can expand in the $800 billion US grocery market, where it's been slow to grow. However, Amazon's two beta stores aren't yet a major challenge to grocery giants Walmart and Kroger, which already provide "click and collect" groceries to customers without their needing to join a membership program. Enlarge Image Your new grocery? Amazon Despite those small beginnings, these locations have inspired heated speculation over Amazon's potential ambitions to expand into physical retail. Some publications last year reported Amazon is already considering opening 2,000 grocery locations, four times the number of Trader Joe's markets. Amazon, which is typically secretive about its plans, said those reports were "not even close." Some retail experts have also questioned why Amazon would want to build up in physical retail at the same time many stores are shuttering and mall traffic is shrinking. Current curbside pickup options have problems, including subpar produce and long wait times for pickup, said Scot Wingo, executive chairman of e-commerce consultant ChannelAdvisor. Considering those issues, Amazon has an opportunity to gain an edge in "click and collect" by using its strengths in selection, price and convenience to create a better and faster service, experts said. "They're trying to create the best customer experience possible, then figure out the cost after," Wingo said. He said Amazon is able to expand a program quickly when it hits, such as its Prime Now speedy delivery service, but added that it's clear Amazon is still experimenting on what works and doesn't in grocery. "I think it's going to take years before we see these efforts go nationwide, but Amazon is extremely persistent when it comes to disrupting groceries," said Cooper Smith, head of Amazon research at L2, an e-commerce research and advisory firm. The AmazonFresh grocery delivery service is still a small part of the company's business despite launching 10 years ago. Groceries could help Amazon build up its revenue and boost customer loyalty, since that market accounts for such a large chunk of consumers' wallets and people tend to purchase groceries several times a month. Still, grocery delivery hasn't appeared to be a particularly successful business for Amazon, since selling supermarket food is already a very low-margin business. Adding shipping costs makes it even less profitable. Instacart, Peapod and FreshDirect also offer grocery deliveries. Creating pickup locations could help make AmazonFresh a more profitable enterprise, but the company will still have an uphill battle if it hopes to keep expanding in a market already jammed with competitors. Originally published at 7:19 a.m. PT. Updated 9:20 a.m. PT: Adds ChannelAdvisor and L2 commentary. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition. Batteries Not Included: The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Internet Roadshow Amazon Prime Amazon More stories Donald Trump has a new iPhone, says social media director Amazon, looking to grow overseas, snags Souq.com Facebook launches Town Hall to make finding lawmakers easier Amazon's next big market: Dubai? Close   Discuss: Amazon wants to deliver groceries to your... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Google Home just took a big bite out of Alexa's lead in the smart home Facebook clones Snapchat again The massive social network had already mimicked parts of Snapchat within Instagram and Messenger. Now the company brings disappearing stories to its flagship app. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:21 Amazon Go store delayed, Samsung to see Note 7 refurbs? Today's tech headlines include delays for Amazon's Go store launch, details of Apple's latest operating system and Samsung getting serious about selling refurbished Note 7s. by Jeff Bakalar 1:08 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Samsung to Sell, Rent Refurbished Recalled Galaxy Note7 Smartphones--But Not in The U.S. Ashlee Kieler Consumer ReportsMarch 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Samsung has millions of recalled Note7 smartphones sitting around gathering dust (and hopefully not exploding), and now the company says it may sell refurbished versions of the device (which, again, hopefully won't explode), but that it won't be selling these recycled products in the U.S. In response to criticism that it might just dump these recalled phones somewhere without regard to wasted materials or the environment, Samsung has announced a set of "principles," claiming that the Note7 devices will be recycled and processed in an environmentally-friendly way.  Related Stories From Consumer Reports Samsung Investigation Reveals New Details About Note7 Battery Failures Can Carriers Cut Service to Samsung Galaxy Note7 Phones? Samsung Stops Making the Galaxy Note7 Smartphone Why Lithium-Ion Batteries Still Explode, and What's Being Done to Fix the Problem How to Recycle Old Electronics So what does that mean, exactly? The company says it has established three ways in which it will make use of these expensive paperweights: Note7 components will be salvaged and reused; Useful metals, like copper, nickel, gold, and silver, will be extracted; Refurbished devices could be sold or provided as rentals, "dependent upon consultations with regulatory authorities and carriers."  But don't expect to see cheap, refurbed Note7s at Best Buy or Walmart anytime soon. A rep for Samsung tells Consumerist the repackaged phones will not be made available here. "Samsung will not be offering refurbished Galaxy Note7 devices for rent or sale in the U.S.," the rep said. That news was also confirmed by a spokesperson with the Consumer Product Safety Commission, who said Samsung's announcement did not pertain to the sale of recycled or refurbished Note7 phones in the U.S. While the company didn't provide details on where the refurbished phones will be available, the rep did note that product details including the name, technical specification, and price range will be announced when the device is available. As for the recycling of the Galaxy Note7 phones, Samsung says that components such as semiconductors and camera modules will be detached by companies specializing in such services and used for test sample production purposes. Any remaining components, such as precious metals, will be extracted by eco-friendly companies specializing in this processes. In other Galaxy Note7 news Monday, Mashable reports that the few holdouts who haven't returned their phones to the company will no longer be able to use the devices. Citing a report from Yonhap News Agency, Mashable notes that the 3% to 4% of Note7 phones still in use worldwide will soon receive a software update that will finally "brick" the devices. The soon-to-be pushed out update comes three months after Samsung worked with U.S. carriers to release an update that disabled the phones from charging or connecting to networks. More from Consumer Reports: Top pick tires for 2016 Best used cars for $25,000 and less 7 best mattresses for couples Consumer Reports has no relationship with any advertisers on this website. Copyright © 2006-2017 Consumers Union of U.S. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next NASA just captured a photo of Jupiter that you won’t believe is real BGR News Congress votes to roll back internet privacy protection Yahoo Finance We're sorry this is all we were able to find about this topic.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech Amazon launches store-pick grocery service in Seattle Shares1 Tue, 28 Mar 2017-09:04pm , Reuters Amazon.com Inc launched AmazonFresh Pickup at its brick-and-mortar grocery store in Seattle, as the online giant attempts to crack into the multi-billion dollar grocery market dominated by retail giants such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. AmazonFresh Pickup, currently open only to employees, allows users enrolled in its Prime service, to drive in and pick up groceries from the company's grocery store in Seattle, which it opened last year. Amazon Prime members can place the order online and choose a time for the pick up, the company said on Tuesday. The company will keep the order bagged. (http://bit.ly/2nr0nVK) The company also delivers groceries to homes under its AmazonFresh service. Amazon also has a physical book store in Seattle, as well as pop-ups at malls where it displays Amazon devices such as the Kindle. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight!   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Sands of Saturn's moon Titan are electrically charged, explains study Sci/Tech iRobot upgrades iRobot HOME App, expands customer base in India Sci/Tech Now, Siri will have all the latest IPL updates for you on new iOS 10.3 Sci/Tech Kolkata and other Indian cities likely to face deadly heatwaves due to global warming Sci/Tech AI to become main way banks interact with customers within 3 years, predicts Accenture Sci/Tech Apple iOS 10.3 update brings an all-new file system, and Siri is now IPL-ready < Previous ArticleNext Article > FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Related Apple's Siri learns Shanghainese as voice assistants race to cover languages Comcast launches its new streaming TV service called Stream Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Seattle Amazon Prime Wal-Mart Stores Inc. com Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News French ex-PM Valls says will vote for Macron in election US judge to hear arguments on longer block to travel ban Raqqa residents trapped by militants ahead of assault Goa: 14 govt officials suspended for 2 days for coming late NHRC does U-turn, says state need not compensate Palghar girls arrested after Bal Thackeray funeral Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Jadeja and Pujara shine in India's emphatic win over Australia Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Kabir Khan to make a web series on Subhash Chandra Bose's Indian National Army! "Spider-Man" springs into action--this time in high school Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales | New featurette confirms a fan theory Oscar Isaac, girlfriend Elvira Lind expecting first child Emmy Rossum's house robbed, jewelry worth USD 150,000 stolen Money Bank of Baroda money laundering case: ED arrests two businessmen Refined soya oil futures slide 0.43% on profit-booking Crude palm oil futures extend gain, up 0.17% on rising demand Mentha oil futures rebound 0.57% on upsurge in demand L&T secures Rs 2,400-crore job offers; shares 1.25% Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home Weather 50° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 12 weather alerts Close 1M pounds of chicken nuggets, fingers recalled over 'metal objects' Mary Bowerman , USA TODAY Network , WUSA 6:33 AM. PDT March 28, 2017 Breaded chicken fingers. (Photo: bhofack2, Getty Images/iStockphoto) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Ok Food Inc. issued a recall for nearly 1 million pounds of breaded chicken last week after a handful of consumers found metal objects in their food, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS). The Oklahoma-based manufacturer sells chicken under several brand names, including Walmart’s Great Value. The recall affects 933,272 pounds of breaded chicken, which were produced on various dates from Dec. 19, 2016, through March 7, 2017, and shipped to locations across the country, according to the FSIS. According to FSIS, five consumers complained after they found metal objects in chicken products. “After an internal investigation, the firm identified the affected product and determined that the objects in all the complaints came from metal conveyor belting,” FSIS said in a statement. No injuries have been reported, according to FSIS. Consumers who purchased the products should return them or throw them away. Here is a full list of the products.  © Gannett Co., Inc. 2017. All Rights Reserved KGW Oregon issues first recreational marijuana recall KGW Nissan recalls more than 56,000 cars, cites power steering KGW RECALL ALERT: Xbox One controller chargers CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS 'Dreamer's' post on paying taxes goes viral A stranger emailed me a warning about blood clots. Days later, my friend died from one. Friends remember teen killed by sneaker wave Sea lion spotted in creek near Camas apartments Mom 'livid' after son's TSA pat down at DFW Burglary Investigation: Part 2 Beach logs pose serious risk ODFW: Don't rescue baby wildlife 'Dreamer' released on bond Logan Kitzhaber gets week in jail, probation More Stories Salem man scolded for rescuing bear cub on trail Mar 28, 2017, 7:15 p.m. Man killed in Vancouver house fire Mar 28, 2017, 8:57 p.m. Oregon wanted Mark Few, got Dana Altman; it worked… Mar 28, 2017, 5:41 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics /shred Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save History Makers Pearl Harbor Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew Nation Now /nation-now-old Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Grammys Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge redirect-contests Shot of the Day Redirect - Stepping Up Trending Today /getahead Sunrise Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Heart Month Redirect About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs jobs redirect Quick Links Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network Connect With Us RSS E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy FCC Public Inspection File Ad Choices Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2017 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Portland Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Civil Rights Education Environment/Energy Health Criminal Justice Politics Donate Mailing list The Home Front: Suspect in custody for vandalizing the Fort Collins mosque Your morning roundup of stories from the front pages of newspapers across Colorado Corey Hutchins March 28, 2017 Just In No Comments “A 35-year-old Fort Collins man has been arrested in connection with vandalism Sunday morning at the Islamic Center of Fort Collins,” reports The Loveland Reporter-Herald. He was arrested Monday “after being identified as a suspect in the 4 a.m. vandalism incident at the Fort Collins Islamic Center, at 925 W. Lake St. Footage from the incident showed a man overturning benches, breaking windows and tossing a Bible into the building that was found vandalized Sunday morning.” He “faces charges of felony criminal mischief, misdemeanor third-degree trespassing and committing a bias-motivated crime, also a misdemeanor.” “Nearly a week’s worth of negative feedback from political leaders, developers and constituents was enough to push the Johnstown Town Council to reverse its decision on the Colo. 402 interchange and commit the full $6 million to the project in partnership with Loveland, Larimer County and Weld County,” The Greeley Tribune reports. “A standing-room-only crowd attended Monday night’s special meeting, called for the purpose of reconsidering the council’s March 21 decision to contribute $1.2 million. Every person who spoke, including two Loveland City Council members, was in favor of a $6 million commitment.” “President Trump delivered the final blow Monday to a new Bureau of Land Management planning rule backed by conservationists but panned by critics including some western Colorado counties,” reports The Grand Junction Daily Sentinel. “Trump signed a congressional resolution to undo what was known as the BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule, which was developed under the Obama administration and designed to update decades-old planning regulations for developing local resource management plans. The agency had promoted the rule as a way to streamline the process for creating such plans, get more public collaboration and input, and adopt more of a landscape-level planning approach.” “Recent suicides in Lafayette have shed light on a mental health crisis that has quietly enveloped Boulder County, according to police, who along with city leaders will roll out an outreach campaign dubbed “Because We Care” over the next few weeks,” reports The Longmont Times-Call. “Two violent and public deaths that occurred within Lafayette — the first, when a man shot himself in front of police outside Flatirons Community Church earlier this month, and another on Sunday as dozens of horrified shoppers looked on while a man set fire to himself and his car in a Walmart parking lot — have left residents in the quiet east Boulder County city at a loss for answers.” “Glenwood Springs police should not be involved with rounding up undocumented, noncriminal immigrants, and the city should do what it can to make sure immigrant residents feel welcome and protected, candidates for three Glenwood City Council seats tend to agree,” reports The Glenwood Springs Post-Independent. “But that’s not to say the city should follow the lead of Basalt and other towns around the country, large and small, that have formally declared themselves a “safe harbor” or “sanctuary” from strong-handed immigration enforcement, most of the candidates also said.” “The city and county of Boulder stand to lose a small amount of budget funding if the Justice Department makes good on Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s threat to withhold grant money from so-called “sanctuary” communities,” reports The Boulder Daily Camera. “In a short appearance at Monday’s White House press briefing, Sessions said the Justice Department would require cities seeking some of the $4.1 billion available in grant money to verify that they are in compliance with a section of federal law that allows information sharing with immigration officials. Boulder, a self-proclaimed sanctuary city, is slated to receive DOJ funding this year, as in 2015 and 2016, in grants that go toward the salaries of two officers through the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) office. The amount of federal money the city receives in this three-year arrangement decreases over time, so while Boulder received about $152,000 from the DOJ in 2015 and about $92,500 in 2016, it’s been planning on somewhere between $23,000 and $25,000 this year.” “Blue ribbons, banners and pinwheels are starting to pop up in and around Fremont County in recognition of Child Abuse Prevention Month in April,” reports The Cañon City Daily Record. “Several community agencies and organizations have partnered to bring awareness to the issue and how it can be prevented.” “Colorado State University is paying its female full professors almost 5 percent less than males and minority associate professors 5.4 percent less than their white counterparts this fiscal year, according to a report from its Salary Equity Committee released Monday,” reports The Coloradoan in Fort Collins. Stores across Colorado Springs will be stocked with Blue Bell ice cream again, The Gazette reports. Texas-based Blue Bell began reintroducing its ice cream Monday into stores across Colorado. In April 2015, stores in 10 states stopped selling the brand after a listeria outbreak that was linked to the ice cream. According to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, 10 people were hospitalized and three deaths were reported in Kansas.” “Colorado lawmakers introduced a $26.8 billion state budget bill Monday that offers a modest increase in state employee salaries and education spending at the expense of cuts to hospitals and other programs,” The Denver Post reports. “The spending measure for the fiscal year that begins July 1 represents a 4 percent increase from the current budget and came together after significant consternation about how to address the state’s fiscal crunch. The state Senate will hold the first votes on Senate Bill 254 and related budget measures Wednesday, and the attention will be on who gets the $10.6 billion in discretionary spending.” Colorado front pages colorado newspapers coloraod headlines coloraod news The Home Front Like this story? Steal it! Feel free to republish it in part or in full, just please give credit to The Colorado Independent and add a link to the original. Got a tip? Story pitch? Send us an e-mail. Follow The Colorado Independent on Twitter. Like this article? Share it! Twitter Facebook Google Reddit Tumblr Email More StumbleUpon LinkedIn Pinterest Pocket Print About the Author Corey Hutchins is a journalist in Colorado, and Columbia Journalism Review's Rocky Mountain correspondent for the United States Project. Related Posts The Home Front: Cory Gardner wants the BLM moved from DC to Grand Junction, Colorado The Home Front: Tweaking TABOR, #GorsuchWatch, and a Colorado man set on fire The Home Front: Step out of the vehicle, please, and blow into this whistle The Home Front: I-25 expansion, wild turkeys a-roamin’ in Loveland and a housing lottery in Vail Leave a Response Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name* Email* Website Notify me of new posts by email. "Small Media, Big News" - Founded, 2006. Born again, 2013. Search Keefe DONATE What people are reading DPS is mum about bigoted posts by East High students. Watchdogs say the district ‘normalizes’ culture of racism. What you need to know about Michael Bennet and the Neil Gorsuch situation Awaiting the healthcare vote in a town Obamacare didn’t help Littwin: Half-baked plan dies over twice-baked potato A media s#!tstorm is brewing in Colorado Springs KGNU Community Radio Hear headlines from The Indy every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 2:55 pm Keep in touch Just In Colorado’s new Libertarian Party chair: ‘Probably the best convention we ever had’ MAP: How much money could your hospital lose next year? Another year, another effort fails to change law on transgender birth certificates Littwin: AG Sessions threatens to make “sanctuary cities” safer by making them less safe Aurora examines its ‘sanctuary city’ label CO set to slash funds for controversial student health survey The Home Front: Suspect in custody for vandalizing the Fort Collins mosque A media s#!tstorm is brewing in Colorado Springs What’s in the proposed 2017-2018 state budget for the average Coloradan CO lawmakers want to give consumers more protection against “zombie-debt” collectors Wiretap: Who gets the blame for the Trump/Ryancare failure? A better question: Who doesn’t? The Home Front: In Fort Collins, an overwhelming community response to a vandalized mosque An early look at the 2018 Republican race for Colorado governor Littwin: Half-baked plan dies over twice-baked potato Boulder County’s new oil and gas regulations, explained Q&A: Why Republican Sen. Jerry Sonnenberg flipped on the hospital provider fee Between Trump, Kochs and his constituents, Coffman was caught on a vote that never happened The Home Front: Colorado’s budget is ‘really painful on K-12 education and hospitals’ DPS is mum about bigoted posts by East High students. Watchdogs say the district ‘normalizes’ culture of racism. Senate’s gun-rights bills shot down by House Democrats scroll Read More EVENTS Meet Amy Goodman. Support The Indy. Feed your soul. We at The Indy aren’t in the business of giving advice. But if, in these tough times, you’re in need of some inspiration, some community, […] Read More Indy reporter Marianne Goodland talks statehouse politics on KMGH TWITTER Tweets by @COindependent THE BLOGS Colorado’s new Libertarian Party chair: ‘Probably the best convention we ever had’ Over the weekend, Colorado’s Libertarian Party, which saw its membership swell in the run-up to the presidential election, rallied for its state convention. This year’s […] Read More FACEBOOK Our Mission To serve the needs of readers and communities throughout Colorado according to this simple, meaningful idea: The only bias we have is for good journalism. We take the role of journalism as a public trust seriously. The goal is to make impact, to inspire action by moving readers on important issues with stories that provide missing context, unearth buried facts and amplify unheard voices. Categories Civil Rights Criminal Justice Education Environment/Energy Health Politics Information About us Donate Contact Us Privacy Policy Board of Directors Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Donate Mailing list Photo Credit: Denver Public Library; Western History Collection; L C. McClure; MCC-1824; Site Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
GoSearch FOX31 & Channel 2 TV Schedule Search Contact Us FOX31 Denver Menu News Traffic On FOX31 On Channel 2 CO Best Contests Community Sports Weather 34° 34° Low 33° High 53° Wed 33° 49° Thu 32° 62° Fri 37° 57° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Man who set himself on fire in Lafayette Wal-Mart parking lot dies Posted 7:03 am, March 28, 2017, by Chuck Hickey, Updated at 07:07AM, March 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email LAFAYETTE, Colo. — The man who set himself and his vehicle on fire in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store has died, the Lafayette Police Department said Tuesday. The man, who appeared to be in his 60s, drove around the parking lot in a beige Toyota Corolla about 5:20 p.m. Sunday imploring onlookers to watch and record him. He stopped near the entrance to the store at 745 U.S.  287, doused himself with gasoline inside the vehicle, and lit himself and the vehicle on fire, police said. The man was pulled out of the vehicle by bystanders and he continued to tell people not to extinguish the fire. But several people put out the fire by covering the man with jackets despite his resistance as the vehicle continued to burn. The man was airlifted to University of Colorado Hospital with second- and third-degree burns, but he died Monday afternoon, police said. There were no other injuries. The Boulder County Coroner’s Office will release the man’s identity after next of kin have been notified. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Popular Watch live: April the giraffe is ‘getting there’ with more progression toward birth ‘We are getting there’ as April the giraffe nears giving birth United clarifies dress code stance after girls in leggings barred from DIA flight 4 new arrests made in deaths of 2 Colorado Springs high school students Latest News Nuggets playoff hopes take hit in Portland Denver woman with rare condition meets doctors who saved her life Little girl sees officer eating alone, joins him for ‘best dinner date ever’ Gasoline ends up in diesel tanks after fuel mix-up at gas station News Man sets vehicle, himself on fire in Lafayette Wal-Mart parking lot News Thieves take Wal-Mart employee’s keys, drive off in vehicle with purse News Burglary suspects lead chase through Thornton, Westminster News Suspect in East Colfax shooting at-large; victim expected to survive National/World News Deputy sheriff killed in manhunt for suspect in Orlando officer’s shooting death Trending BMW found 6 months after driver lost it in parking garage News 2 suspects sought after man shot at in Northglenn News Serving Those Who Serve Facebook friends help homeless veteran living in Wal-Mart parking lot News Colorado Springs police looking for suspect in attempted kidnapping News 2 arrested after police pursuit in Aurora Trending Shoppers get revenge on vehicle taking up 2 parking spaces National/World News One dead, 15 injured in Cincinnati nightclub shooting; manhunt underway National/World News Texas teen driver survives 7-story plunge into hardware store Mobile Apps iPhone: KDVR & KWGN App Android: KDVR & KWGN App iPhone: Pinpoint Weather App Android: Pinpoint Weather App Facebook Twitter Instagram snapchat Snapchat Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KDVR Online Public File • KWGN Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 100 East Speer Blvd. Denver, Colorado 80203 • Copyright © 2017, KDVR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds subscribe Site Archive Dispatches from Skip Gorman's Audioblog: Skin Deep Tuesday Mar 28, 2017 at 6:00 AM By Skip Gorman | Columnist Here’s another weekly potpourri of thoughts and observations about breaking news and Valley things both great and small . . . Understand this up front: I love Ridgecrest. I always have. It has beauty in places where other cities don’t even have places. Plus it has character. It has fine character and an indescribable kind of texture. Sometimes on my way out to my shop I slowly just tool through town listening to Willie Nelson and touring our dusty quirky little burg while looking through a jeweler’s eyes. Sometimes what I see disturbs me. This time of year, with little yellow desert wildflowers making even our intrinsically ugly Walmart Canal downright pretty, there are other areas of Ridgecrest which the natural cosmetics of Spring cannot salvage from breathtaking ugliness. Have you drive by our local Post Office? What used to be at least a presentable place on China Lake Boulevard is now a shabby and neglected embarrassment to us all. The landscaping has simply been allowed to go to seed and die. The very least that post office management might have done is put up a sign that says, “Please excuse our mess - We are planning to convert to Xeriscape.” Now, if that indeed were the case, how hard could it be to put up a simple sign? And if that were NOT the case, then what in the world is wrong with our post office? Is it closing? Has Governor Moonbeam or President Trump dictated that, from now on, all post office landscaping and irrigating funds are to be diverted to a High Speed Train to nowhere or an unscalable Great Wall on our southern boarder? Also projecting unnecessary ugliness is the old, now sadly vacant, KFC drive-thru property. The (obligatory?) “wrapper” of woven masking material along the inside of it’s fence has been reduced to shreds by the wind and for months has been waving in the breeze like spooky drapes through the windows of a haunted house. This eyesore is so very close to our City Hall that one would think an aesthetically sensitive and enterprising City employee would have long ago dropped a dime to the owner of record with some expensive sounding municipal threat about this issue. Perhaps if there were peacocks living there something might get done. As long as I’m tooling about town shuddering at the bits and pieces of Ridgecrest that I wouldn’t be exactly proud to point out to a visitor, what’s with that big Welcome-to-Ridgecrest Syphilis billboard on Inyokern Road (Highway 178) just west of town? I suppose that syphilis is indeed a serious health problem and in-your-face edginess has replaced reserved graciousness in many ways since the last election but, for Pete’s sakes, must we abandon all shades of propriety in favor of stark naked reality everywhere? That syphilis billboard is more offensive than informative and projects more ugliness than any public service. Somebody, please, blank-out that shock-value billboard in favor of, say, discrete flyers in the urgent care waiting room. Just saying. It’s possible that our community may have more vacant buildings per capita than any still-functioning city on the planet. And it doesn’t take long for an empty and boarded-up commercial structure to visually go to seed and blight everything around it. The paint begins to peel, the parking lots develop deep cracks and weeds grow where there once may have been landscaping. It’s beyond ugly. Our many squalid empty buildings are an ever-present throbbing and festering wound of municipal and marketplace failure. They shame and insult us as we drive by. I had a thought that perhaps the City might take the bull by the horns someday and impose a stiff tax on all unused commercial square footage in those buildings which are chronically standing fallow. This would surely galvanize the (absentee) property owners to quit using their vacant-building losses for their own fiduciary benefit year after year and hop to find viable commercial tenants to move in at prophylactically low rates. I know. Taxes motivate but insurance incinerates. If this strategy is used it must be crafted very thoughtfully. There should be an office in our City Hall staffed by someone who is cagey, pushy and relentless to keep bugging all those vacant building owners of record about their (ahem!) civic responsibilities. And that office should have some teeth. Ugliness should be painful and expensive (even if the current owners happen to be local banks). That has been this week’s AudioBlog and this is Skip Gorman (skippergorman@gmail.com) returning you all back to a quieter and gentler place. •• The views expressed are those of the columnist and do not necessarily represent the official stance of the Daily Independent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services E-Edition RSS Feeds Contact Us Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special 2017 Bracket Buster 2017 Home Show 2017 Medical How to 2017 How To Guide 2017 IWVEOC Program 2017 Baby Keepsake Jan 2017 East Kern Remembering Pearl Harbor Tab Pearl Harbor - Local Small Business Saturday Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Keepsake 2016 Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV 2016 Explorer Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 High Desert Medical Directory More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
News Opinion Commentary Commentary: Republicans' health care failure just made tax reform much harder President Trump Signs Bills That Nullify Measures Put In Place During Obama Presidency Andrew Harrer / POOL / EPA President Donald Trump speaks during a bill signing ceremony in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, D.C., on March 27, 2017. President Donald Trump speaks during a bill signing ceremony in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, D.C., on March 27, 2017. (Andrew Harrer / POOL / EPA) Matt O'BrienThe Washington Post President Donald Trump is about two weeks away from discovering how complicated tax reform can be. Now, it was always going to be difficult, but, as we'll get to in a minute, it got a lot more so after the GOP's seven-year quest to repeal and replace Obamacare stalled not with a vote, but with another one of the Trump administration's ritual rounds of recrimination. Indeed, at this point, Trump getting tax reform done looks about as likely as Trump University joining the Ivy League. Before we get to that, though, what's the difference between a tax cut and tax reform? Easy: the first is just about reducing tax rates, while the second is about paying for reduced tax rates by closing tax loopholes. The problem, of course, is that one person's tax break is another person's tax essential, the kind of "essential" — such as deducting mortgage interest, or state and local taxes, or not having to pay anything on health insurance — that voters would rather have than a lower tax rate. That's especially true of the industries whose entire business models are built on the assumption that these tax breaks will exist, like realtors and developers and private equity managers. In other words, tax cuts are easy because everyone is a winner, but tax reform is hard because there are losers. But if Republicans want to permanently cut taxes for the rich, which they unquestionably do, then they're going to have to do some kind of tax reform. That's because they don't have the 60 votes it would take to beat a filibuster in the Senate, so the only way they can get anything done is through what's known as reconciliation. That's the mechanism that lets them pass a budget-related bill with just a simple majority in the Senate, but it can only be used on legislation that doesn't add to the deficit after a decade. Now, they can always use this to pass a tax cut that turns into a pumpkin after the clock hits 10 years — that's why the Bush tax cuts were set to expire after a decade — but House Speaker Paul Ryan has bigger ambitions. He wants his tax cuts to be the fiscal equivalent of a diamond: forever. Which is why Republicans need to figure out how to pay for their tax cuts so they don't lose any revenue. The question, though, is not lose any revenue compared to what? This is where repealing and replacing Obamacare would have helped them quite a bit. See, it's not just that Republicans wanted to get rid of a lot of Obamacare's Medicaid spending and health insurance subsidies. It's also that they wanted to get rid of almost all the taxes that paid for all that. If they'd undone these $1 trillion worth of taxes before they'd done tax reform, that's $1 trillion less that they would have needed to come up with to make it look like they weren't losing money. Or, more to the point, another $1 trillion that they could have put toward slashing the top tax rate. So here's the big picture. Republicans were already having trouble coming up with ways to pay for their tax cuts, but now they need to come up with $1 trillion more — and maybe $2 trillion. Why is that? Well, their "border-adjustment tax" (BAT) that was supposed to raise $1 trillion in new revenue didn't take long to go from political gambit to political albatross. And it isn't hard to see why. It would start taxing everything that American companies import, which is just another way of saying that every company that depends on imports, including big GOP donors like Koch Industries and Walmart, will be as opposed to it as can be. Sen. Tom Cotton, who's from Walmart's home state of Arkansas, has gone as far as calling the BAT something "so stupid only an intellectual could believe" it — and he's a Republican! Even worse, his conservative colleagues David Perdue of Georgia and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina seem to agree, albeit in politer terms. The three of them alone likely have enough power to kill it in the Senate. These are savings that aren't easily replaced. After all, are Republicans going to start taxing people's health insurance benefits or their 401(k) contributions? Not a chance. What about stopping people from deducting their charitable donations and mortgage interest payments? Not that either. And they're certainly not going to get rid of the preferential rate that people pay on capital gains. So if they're not going to touch five of the biggest tax loopholes there are, how are they supposed to do tax reform? Eliminating the state and local tax deduction will only get them so far. The answer, in all likelihood, is they won't. If they're forced to choose between a tiny tax cut for the rich that never expires, and a bigger one for the rich that lasts 10 years, they'll go for the bigger one every time. That's not nearly as complicated. Washington Post Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic. Related articles:  Jared Kushner has new job he likely doesn't understand Ivanka Trump's White House job is unethical and dangerous Why Republicans failed to repeal Obamacare House Freedom Caucus blows its chance to govern Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Healthcare Policies and Laws Health Insurance Republican Party Donald Trump Affordable Care Act U.S. Senate Why health care can't be fixed GOP's corporate tax reform plan deserves serious consideration Moving on: Who'll fix Obamacare now? Sports Breaking RedEye Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 36°
Home Local Police Log State Sports Broadcast Calendar Obituaries Community Community Calendar Shows Talk of the Town The Swap Shop Dave Ramsey Show Rush Limbaugh Show The Dana Show Hugh Hewitt Show Jim Bohannon Show Coast To Coast AM More 'Shows' Contests Contest Rules Weather Listen Live Connect WBIW on Facebook WBIW on Twitter Call 812.277.1340 Text 812.641.1340 Feedback Form Advertise See news happening around you? Let us know about it! Office/Sales: 812.275.7555 / Studio: 812.277.1340 / tips@wbiw.com News Sections Local Police Log State Sports Obituaries Community Calendar Weather Shows The Swap Shop Talk of the Town Audio Listen Live Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise with WBIW WBIW » News » local Teen Arrested After Running Away And Stealing Trailblazer Updated March 28, 2017 10:58 AM | Filed under: Crime  Print    Archive    RSS (BLOOMINGTON) - A 17-year-old male was arrested and sent to juvenile detention after he allegedly stole an Trailblazer and was apprehended in a Walmart parking lot. According to Bloomington Police Capt. Steve Kellams, police received a call at 1:18 a.m. Monday from a resident in the 2300 block of South Rogers Street who reported his black 2002 Chevrolet Trailblazer had just been stolen. The resident had left the vehicle unlocked with the keys inside. Capt. Kellams says while officers were investigating the stolen SUV, Monroe County police received a call about suspicious activity at a house on South Elm Leaf Drive. Both city and county officers responded to the scene and found the stolen vehicle parked on the street. Soon after, police found two males in the parking lot of the nearby Walmart. One of them, a 20-year-old, was released. Capt. Kellams says the male was the missing teenager, who had been reported as a runaway on Sunday. Police found the teenager with the keys to the stolen Trailblazer in his pocket. The teen refused to answer questions. He was arrested on felony charges of vehicle theft and possession of stolen property. Tweet « Previous Article Next Article »  Print    Archive    RSS Have a question or comment about a news story? Send it to comments@wbiw.com Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW 1340 AM WBIW, Bedford's Place To Talk. Serving Lawrence and surrounding counties since 1948! © 2017 Ad-Venture Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   WBIW.com and Listen Live Powered by HPC Advertise  |  Careers  |  About  |  Feedback Proud affiliate of the Colts
WIRED Logo Chonda Pierce on Being a Conservative Comedian Click to share this story on Facebook Click to share this story on Twitter Click to email this story Click to comment on this story. (will open new tab) SCROLL DOWN SCROLL DOWN What It’s Like to Be a Conservative Comedian What It’s Like to Be a Conservative Comedian by Lauren Murrow3.28.17 Political correctness has been quashed, thanks to Trump. Now politicians and comedians alike are facing the aftermath in the form of vocal, quick-to-call-bullshit voters and fans. Conservative Chonda Pierce—the profanity-­free comic who performed at Trump’s inaugural ball—learned this firsthand: If you want to mock snowflake liberals, you have to be able to take it when a stranger tells you to (praise Jesus) f-off. How did you become the Queen of Clean? Some comics had to fight their way through open mic nights and smoky comedy clubs; I had to endure a couple of tall-haired, self-righteous Christians who told me I was going to hell. We all paid our dues—I just had to do it without alcohol. Is it tough to get conservatives laughing? If it’s a crowd that supports Trump, I’ll be all right. I don’t get as many hecklers as emails telling me I’m going to hell. I live in a tiny town outside Nashville. I was just in Walmart and a stranger said, “Are you that girl from the inauguration?” I said, yes, I am. And he said f-you and walked off. Sometimes I’d rather just get heckled. Do you draw a lot of material from politics? Absolutely. When Donald Trump got into the race, every comedian out there should have sent him flowers. You don’t even have to write anything, you just repeat what you heard on the news. Is it uncomfortable to make fun of the person you voted for? If someone asks me how I voted, I’ll tell ’em, and it’s not always popular. But honesty goes a long way. I get frustrated—everyone wants to be so doggone politically correct. Is that a problem in comedy? Some artists will have something disparaging to say about Trump, and I wanna go: The very thing you’re complaining about is the fuel of what we do. Who are the comedians you admire? Oh man, I love Ellen DeGeneres. And I like Amy Schumer; I just wish she didn’t talk so much about what happens in her bedroom. But maybe I’m just jealous—let’s be honest, she seems to get a lot of action that I’ve never gotten. Is it harder to tell a clean joke than a dirty joke? Sometimes you have to be more clever. But believe me, I still shock the Bible Belt. Actually, they’re really fun ­people to shock. All you have to do is talk about sex or dancing and they’re all appalled. Has the political discord been draining on your sense of humor? You know, when I first hit menopause, I was like—praise Jesus!—I’ve got great material now. Five years later, I’m pretty sick of talking about menopause and I’d like to get out of it. It’s the same with political humor. How did your set go at the inaugural ball? When a crowd gets nervous when you’re talking about your Spanx, you can tell they’re really conservative. Trump’s team said they didn’t want anybody picked on except for Donald Trump. So I told a joke about how when Donald makes it to heaven, Moses will stand there and part his hair. Did anything funny come out of the experience? On Friday night I was like Cinderella at the Jesus ball. Saturday morning, I stepped into a sea of protesters wearing vagina hats. It was surreal. Chonda Pierce (@chondapierce) is an Emmy-nominated comedian and author. Fake @POTUS tweets by Owen Ellickson (@onlxn). This article appears in the April issue. Subscribe now. Illustrations by Nishant Choksi; patterns by Overlaponeanother Inside the anger-fueled, social-media-driven world of comedy in the Trump age. As politics becomes more like pop culture, comedy becomes more like social feeds. A Daily Show script, deconstructed by one of its writers. Confessions of a presidential joke writer. A Q&A with conservative stand-up Chonda Pierce. An Iranian American comic mixes patriotism with punch lines. The team at Full Frontal With Samantha Bee aims to overestimate the intelligence of the American public.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Wednesday, Mar 29, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Toledo-area shoppers drink up drop in milk prices Cheaper grain also attributed for better deals By Jon Chavez  | BLADE BUSINESS WRITER Published on March 28, 2017 | Updated 10:15 a. m. Shally Singh grabs milk as she shops with her daughter Leya, 4. Milk prices have fallen over the past year. THE BLADE/KATIE RAUSCH Buy This Image Ken Leftwich of Michigan selects milk from a case at an area store. Local grocers said the exceedingly low prices are probably because of a pricing strategy. ‘I think you have some stores that are lowballing milk,’ said Jim Sautter, owner of Sautter’s Five-Star Markets. THE BLADE/KATIE RAUSCH Buy This Image Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Some shoppers may not have noticed, but milk prices have been falling steadily the past 18 months, and locally the price of a gallon is less than half the U.S. average cost, possibly stemming from pricing bait by the large grocery chains. In the Toledo area this week, a gallon of milk costs $1.09 at Walmart and Meijer, with Kroger a dime higher at $1.19. A half gallon is priced at 69 cents. Nearly two years ago, a gallon of milk averaged $3.02 nationally but since then it has been dropping steadily, climbing back over $3 just once, in January, 2016. As of last month, the price nationally is $2.58 a gallon, according to the U.S. Department of Labor’s Consumer Price Index. Local grocers said the exceedingly low prices are probably because of a pricing strategy the big three grocery chains are using to compete. “The milk market is stable. It is lower than a year ago, but it’s really not moving one way or another,” said Jim Sautter, owner of Sautter’s Five-Star Markets. “I think you have some stores that are lowballing milk. They’re using it as a loss leader,” he said. Darlene Carmona, manager of Walt Churchill’s Super Markets, said, “Our milk prices are really down, but our competitors are running them at a really cheap price.” A Meijer spokesman said the chain has not noticed lower prices in milk, and a Kroger spokesman could not be reached for comment. Even without the benefit of low-cost pricing strategies, people are paying far less for milk in the past two years. A spokesman for the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Marketing Service said there is a surplus in dairy production that has hurt producers and benefited consumers. In 2014, producers were getting $24 per 100 pounds of milk, a record high. Since then, prices dropped to $16.24 at the end of 2016. “That was very close to cost of production,” said Chris Hurt, an agriculture economist at Purdue University. Last year, the price of dairy and related products in the Consumer Price Index were down each month from the year before, on average by 2.3 percent, Mr. Hurt said. Why are shoppers getting such great deals on milk? Mr. Hurt said the answer is in the cost of higher grain feed prices. From 2007-13, grain used for cattle feed escalated in price and resulted in reduced profits in the dairy industry and in higher milk prices. Farmers cut back on their dairy herds, Mr. Hurt said. Since then, grain supplies have increased and feed prices have decreased, enabling farmers to rebuild their herds and increase milk production, thereby driving down the cost of milk, he said. “The commodity side of things, that’s what is driving the grocery store prices,” Mr. Hurt said. “It’s been going down for two years at the retail level.” Consumers should enjoy the low milk prices while they can. Mr. Hurt said some experts think milk prices bottomed out last month. “I think the odds are now that we’re going to head higher on retail prices.” Contact Jon Chavez at: jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128. Related Items milk prices , Sautter’s Five-Star Markets , Walt Churchill’s Market , Jon Chavez , u.s. department of agriculture , consumer price index Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Hot Topics: Man who set himself on fire dies Lafayette suicides Pomerance: End of Boulder? Chautauqua parking changes Sanctuary cities News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Lafayette suicides spotlight increased mental health concerns Boulder County, Colorado inundated by growing mental health crisis, officials say By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   03/27/2017 10:10:47 PM MDT Updated:   03/27/2017 10:29:25 PM MDT A firefighter walks past a burned out car Sunday in the Walmart parking lot in Lafayette. Police say a man set himself and the car on fire. (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer) Related Stories Mar 27: Man who lit himself on fire outside Lafayette Walmart dies Mar 26: Man lights himself, car on fire in Lafayette Walmart parking lot Reported Boulder County suicides by year 2010: 52 2011: 56 2012: 60 2013: 59 2014: 63 2015: 67 Recent suicides in Lafayette have shed light on a mental health crisis that has quietly enveloped Boulder County, according to police, who along with city leaders will roll out an outreach campaign dubbed "Because We Care" over the next few weeks. Two violent and public deaths that occurred within Lafayette — the first, when a man shot himself in front of police outside Flatirons Community Church earlier this month, and another on Sunday as dozens of horrified shoppers looked on while a man set fire to himself and his car in a Walmart parking lot — have left residents in the quiet east Boulder County city at a loss for answers. Many have taken to popular Facebook pages to offer comfort — and even organize outings for grieving members — in response to the wave of unfamiliar tragedy. Advertisement Lafayette leaders are now faced with what police Chief Rick Bashor calls "a serious mental health crisis" gripping the community — an issue that Lafayette, Boulder County and the state as a whole are struggling to right. Bashor, who has served on Lafayette's police force for 34 years, says the recent suicides may be a side effect of a growing mental health crisis in recent years across the community. "When I first started in law enforcement, we would do a 72-hour mental health hold twice a month or so," Bashor said Monday. "Now, oftentimes we see people in need of this once or twice a day. We seem to handle more suicides than we ever did in the past." A 72-hour hold allows for a person with a mental illness to be involuntarily detained for a 72-hour psychiatric hospitalization if the patient is deemed a threat to themselves or others, according to the Welfare and Institutions Code. Last year, Bashor presented his concerns with the increase of mental health calls to the City Council. He suggested exploring a task force aimed at tackling mental health akin to one created by the Colorado Department of Human Services last year and believes the issue poses a stark threat to communities throughout Colorado. The trend is not unique to Lafayette, he said, as Boulder County and state mental health numbers have painted a similar picture in recent years. A total of 52 suicides were reported throughout Boulder County in 2010, according to data provided by the Boulder County Coroner's Office — an increase from 39 reported suicides in 2001. In 2015, the most recent available numbers, 67 suicides were reported in Boulder County, the majority of which were middle-aged males. A report released last year from the Colorado Health Foundation found that the state's suicide rate — one of the highest in the country — had continued upward with 19.4 suicides per 100,000 residents in 2014. That marked an increase from 16.5 suicides per 100,000 residents in 2007. The 2016 study found that 470,000 Coloradans are struggling with mental health issues. "We have certainly noticed an increased need for mental health support," Suzanne Crawford, chief executive for Lafayette's Sister Carmen Community Center, said Monday. "People are very stressed out and people are living in fear in our community for a lot of different reasons." While Sister Carmen usually refers those in crisis to other local centers, Crawford said, the rise in mental health illnesses among the organization's visitors is distinct. It's an illness, she says, that may have some clear symptoms born in recent months. "There's been a lot of fear since the election regarding what the new administration is going to do or not do," she said. "Additionally, housing costs have skyrocketed and many renters are starting to be forced to move out of the area." On Monday, Lafayette officials sent out an email blast to its residents titled "Colorado Crisis Services" with links and contact information for local mental health resources. "Personally, I think that people are under a lot more stress these days," Bashor said. "Financial stress, pressures from life in general, and everything brought on with this information age, we are just on overload. Our senses are being bombarded and the filter has gone off on social media. "I think that a lot of times mental health crises are a private issue for some," he added. "So I think these being out in the public view have really brought the spotlight on the threat they pose. The more we keep an eye out for each other in this small town, the better off we'll be." Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Debate over Erie's Wise Farm development strikes familiar chord Longmont United Hospital closing Homestead adult day program Boulder releases Comp Plan draft, announces open house   BOCOPREPS (Kathy Willens / Associated PRess) BUFFZONE Fairview's Brent Wrapp bows out of NIT semifinals with Cal State-Bakersfield Junior guard struggled in appearance at historic Madison Square Garden It certainly wasn't the finish Brent Wrapp would have preferred. Yet the player few coaches wanted upon his graduation from Fairview High School still was fortunate enough to enjoy another memorable experience on Tuesday in what is turning out to be an accomplished college basketball career. Full Story Roberts races to top US finish at World Championships Track and field: Legacy's Lyle running with confidence Boys basketball: Mead's Ward caps prep career as BoCoPreps.com POY Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 43 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 29, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 29, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 43 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Congress between banks and retailers on fee rule By ELIZABETH DEXHEIMER Bloomberg News First Published Mar 28 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Mar 28 2017 01:05 am Single page Share This Article Congressional Republicans are eager to overhaul the Dodd-Frank financial law. One part, however, they wouldn't mind putting off. That's the provision that limits how much money debit-card companies are allowed to collect from each consumer sale. Generally speaking, banks are against the limit and retailers are in favor. Persuading Congress to change the 2010 banking law is a longshot, but that's not stopping both industries from spending millions to remind lawmakers, sometimes multiple times a day, that a vote the other way will displease them. Titans such as JPMorgan Chase, who say they use revenue from so-called swipe fees to beef up cybersecurity and offer rewards programs, contend the government shouldn't set prices. Behemoths like Wal-Mart Stores, who say lower fees translate to lower prices, argue the credit-card industry operates like a monopoly and needs more regulation. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The years-long lobbying fight has been reinvigorated by President Donald Trump's call to rip up financial rules. Stuck in the middle are lawmakers from both parties who prefer cordial relations, and campaign contributions, from both sides. "This is like choosing between children," said Issac Boltansky, a financial regulation analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading. "It's brutal for everyone involved." Swipe fees, also known as interchange fees, are set by Visa Inc. and MasterCard Inc., but most of the money goes to banks. A provision of the Dodd-Frank law added by Illinois Democratic Sen. Richard Durbin capped fees for debit cards at about 24 cents per transaction while leaving credit cards alone. Before the Durbin amendment, the average swipe fee for debits was about 44 cents. That means the measure has cost the banking industry $9 billion in revenue, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs. Other rules in Dodd-Frank, such as the Volcker Rule restricting bank trading and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, get more attention. The Durbin amendment, however, is probably disliked most by banks. Many Republicans and Democrats agree on one thing about swipe-fee limits: they're a pain in the neck. "This issue always makes me grumpy," said Rep. Jim Himes, a Connecticut Democrat and former Goldman Sachs banker. "I'm being forced to choose between the competing interests of two big industries." "We're listening to everyone," said Scott Tipton, a Colorado Republican. "This is an ongoing issue." "We haven't taken a position on this yet," said Rep. Claudia Tenney, a Republican from New York. "If you contact our office, we'll talk to you about that at another time when I'm prepared to talk about that," said Texas Democrat Al Green. A major annoyance for elected officials: the 4.7 million stores and restaurants across the country that accept debit cards and the 5,000 commercial banks that issue them. The vast numbers increase the odds that in each of the country's 435 congressional districts, regardless of the outcome of the vote, someone will be pitching a fit. Making changes to Dodd-Frank won't be quick or easy, especially with Congress distracted by tax reform and infrastructure. The battle has been going on for years in court, too, with retailers squaring off against Visa and MasterCard over interchange fees. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES 'No one is really saying he's guilty,' says victim after ex-Mormon bishop allowed to go free followi Will the Word of Wisdom ever change? Sen. Orrin Hatch would consider stepping aside for Mitt Romney Real Salt Lake to name Mike Petke new head coach on Wednesday, sources say Kirby: All in favor of voting yes on every Mormon sustaining? Not me. ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune

Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion » The Corporate Outsider Last Modified: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 03 09 AM IST Snapdeal’s woes show e-commerce isn’t doing enough There’s a pattern to why e-commerce start-ups like Snapdeal and ShopClues, or even Flipkart, are suffering  Subscribe to our newsletter. Sundeep Khanna India’s floundering e-commerce start-ups such as Snapdeal need new and innovative ideas to enhance the shopping experience. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint Every week now, there’s news of one more e-commerce start-up finally accepting it has no future. As the irrational cost structure overlaid with a business model solely driven by deep discounts, catches up, the limitations of online shopping are being laid bare. Last week Mint reported that facing an asphyxiating funds crunch, Snapdeal, owned by Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd, was in talks with its two larger rivals Paytm E-Commerce Pvt. Ltd and Flipkart India for what would amount to a fire sale. Snapdeal’s woes are neither new nor unique. Increasingly, e-commerce’s lead companies are finding that the number of transactions and the value thereof, isn’t a good enough indicator of their own health or that of the sector.  Consequently, valuations have slumped, in some cases to a third of what they were even a year ago, indicating how much funders have lost faith in their investees as well as how the outlook on the sector has dimmed dramatically. Contrast this with the striking success of supermarket chain, Avenue Supermarts Ltd, the parent of D-Mart, which is both profitable and growing, entirely in the physical retail space. It isn’t a coincidence that at the same time as pure play e-commerce start-ups are cutting back on costs, laying off people and pulling out of Tier-II and Tier-III cities, the big daddies of brick-and-mortar retail, companies like Reliance Retail and even Walmart India, are now stepping up their investments in stores and what is called in-store experiences after a period of strategic consolidation. There’s a pattern to why start-ups like Snapdeal and ShopClues and even Flipkart are suffering. All of them set themselves up as pure online plays and nothing more. Today, without their deep discounts, they offer a customer virtually nothing else. The centuries-old offline retail system has quickly adjusted to anything else the newbies brought in. Home delivery, orders on phone, vast menu options, procuring off-the-menu items, loyalty points, various payment methods, anything the newcomers can do, they can do. In most cases now, offline retailers have a strong online presence as well and thereby allow customers the option of checking out products in the physical space while allowing them to order online.  Instead of trying to complement a well-established if unorganized retail system, the e-commerce companies focused purely on replacing it with something of their own. If they had concentrated instead on removing the hurdles for shoppers, in much the way the first malls did on their appearance (basement parking, clean washrooms, children’s play areas, places to eat, ATMs), they might have found themselves fitting better into the overall ecosystem of shopping. Most Indian online retailers are clones of their counterparts in the US and would do well to take a cue from what’s happening in the world’s most complex retail market. Data from US Census Bureau shows that in the US, Amazon-dominated non-store retailer’s category posted the fastest pace of growth in sales in February (up 13% year-on-year) even as department store sales reported continuing weakness in their results (down 5.6% year-on-year). While that’s encouraging, the fact is, two decades after Amazon kicked off online shopping, the category still accounts for less than 10% of global retail sales. While growth will continue to be robust, they will not match offline retail any time soon. According to projections by eMarketer, retail e-commerce sales will increase to $4.058 trillion in 2020, still accounting for just 14.6% of total retail spending. That shows the way forward for India’s stricken online retail start-ups. There is clear evidence based on tracking of shoppers’ navigation to show that a bulk of those who search and evaluate products and services on the web, eventually end up buying offline. Indeed, the future of retail lies in optimum combination of various channels, both offline and online, what is now called cross-channel retail.  According to Forrester Research, cross-channel retail sales will reach $1.8 trillion in the US by 2017. A 2015 Mastercard report, The Omnishopper Project, identified the physical store as the Centerpiece of the Omnishopper’s Universe. As the report said, “The omnishopper goes to physical locations for the entertainment value of shopping, superior inventory levels and social interaction.” The high street isn’t disappearing, not now, not perhaps ever. India’s floundering e-commerce start-ups need new and innovative ideas to enhance the shopping experience. But vitally they also need to ensure they are in a place where shoppers look for them, online as well as offline.  Sundeep Khanna is a consulting editor at Mint and oversees the newsroom’s corporate coverage. The Corporate Outsider will look at current issues and trends in the corporate sector every week. Click here to read more from The Corporate Outsider. Sundeep Khanna Topics: Snapdeal e-commerce start-ups ShopClues Flipkart More From Livemint READ MORE GST debate live: Arun Jaitley moves bills in Lok Sabha True North invests $200 million in KIMS Hospital GST debate in Lok Sabha: Five things to watch for First Published: Tue, Mar 28 2017. 12 12 PM IST Editor's Picks Revised GST legislation may pinch working capital of industries Airtel’s Bharti Infratel stake sale: KKR, CPPIB part of bigger agreement? How RBI’s Monetary Policy Committee has been thinking Latest News True North invests $200 million in KIMS Hospital GST debate in Lok Sabha: Five things to watch for Prasar Bharati looks to rake in Rs100 crore from Doordarshan’s prime time programming slot auction MCD polls: Delhi HC dismisses Swaraj India’s plea for common symbol Facebook fires another salvo at Snapchat with Stories Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 49° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line FEI World Cup Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness FEI World Cup Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Omaha's Choice Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join our Team Inside Business Legal Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° Overcast Omaha, NE (68102) Today Windy with periods of rain. High 46F. Winds NE at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall possibly over one inch.. Tonight Windy with a steady rain in the evening. Showers continuing late. Low 39F. Winds NNE at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch. Updated: March 29, 2017 @ 12:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Omaha's Choice Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits LATEST 1 killed, 2 injured in north Omaha shooting Close 1 of 15 CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas checks a carton of his eggs at Hy-Vee in Grand Island, where they sell for nearly $5 per dozen. He did about $21,000 in egg sales last year, but he reaped little profit. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas collects eggs at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas holds a hen at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas loads two coolers containing four cases of eggs from Prairie Pride Poultry into his pickup truck in Grand Island. Hromas was going to deliver the eggs to Hy-Vee. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas brings the eggs he collected for the day inside at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD A hen belonging to Dan Hromas, photographed at at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas collects eggs at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas enters a hen house at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. The chickens normal roam outside, but were kept inside Thursday due to the weather. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas taps on an eggs shell to see if it is too thin at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD A chicken, photographed at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD A hen belonging to Dan Hromas clucks at at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD The logo on the side of a trailer belonging to Dan Hromas for Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Two eggs, ready to be collected by Dan Hromas, photographed at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Eggs from Prairie Pride Poultry for sale at a Hy-Vee in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Eggs from Prairie Pride Poultry for sale at a Hy-Vee in Grand Island. Looking for eggs? You've got plenty of varieties — and prices — to choose from as demand for pasture-raised grows By Barbara Soderlin / World-Herald staff writer Barbara Soderlin Mar 28, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago (…) CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas checks a carton of his eggs at Hy-Vee in Grand Island, where they sell for nearly $5 per dozen. He did about $21,000 in egg sales last year, but he reaped little profit. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas collects eggs at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas holds a hen at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas loads two coolers containing four cases of eggs from Prairie Pride Poultry into his pickup truck in Grand Island. Hromas was going to deliver the eggs to Hy-Vee. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas brings the eggs he collected for the day inside at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD A hen belonging to Dan Hromas, photographed at at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas collects eggs at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas enters a hen house at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. The chickens normal roam outside, but were kept inside Thursday due to the weather. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Dan Hromas taps on an eggs shell to see if it is too thin at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD A chicken, photographed at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD A hen belonging to Dan Hromas clucks at at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD The logo on the side of a trailer belonging to Dan Hromas for Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Two eggs, ready to be collected by Dan Hromas, photographed at Prairie Pride Poultry in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Eggs from Prairie Pride Poultry for sale at a Hy-Vee in Grand Island. CHRIS MACHIAN/THE WORLD-HERALD Eggs from Prairie Pride Poultry for sale at a Hy-Vee in Grand Island. If you’re out picking up eggs for an Easter basket or brunch, plan to spend extra time considering your choices. You may want to take a few extra dollars, too. One Hy-Vee dairy manager said his store now carries 26 varieties of eggs, and there’s just as big an array of prices. Stores around Omaha carried a dozen eggs last week for as little as 48 cents, and as much as $7.99. Even though the cheapest eggs are at their lowest prices in years, sales at the very high end are growing, farmers and others in the egg business say, as consumers get increasingly choosy about where their food comes from and how it’s produced. Many of the more expensive eggs — those priced at $5, $6 or more a dozen — are “pasture-raised,” an emerging category in mainstream supermarkets, although they’re still a tiny percentage of total egg sales. Pasture-raised hens spend much of their time outdoors with access to grass and dirt where they can scratch, peck, flap and scrounge for insects and worms in the dirt and manure. The eggs often are sourced from small family farms that also raise other livestock or produce. Shoppers have sought out pasture-raised eggs for years by taking a trip to a farm or farmers market, or buying them through a food co-op. They still can, and may get a better price. But now, more supermarkets like Baker’s, Hy-Vee and Whole Foods are making room on their shelves for these eggs. The eggs are a step or two beyond cage-free eggs, which typically come from hens kept indoors in a large barn with thousands of others. Cage-free eggs now are practically mainstream, now that big corporations like Walmart, McDonald’s, Starbucks and Kroger have pledged to buy only cage-free eggs by 2025 or sooner. They made the pledges under pressure from consumers and animal welfare advocates who say standard commercial egg production, where chickens are kept in small cages, is inhumane. Whole Foods upped the ante in this farms race last week when it said it would no longer sell even cage-free eggs under its 365 Everyday Value store brand. Now, its minimum standard is “cage-free plus,” where birds indoors in barns would have perches and shelters. “Pasture-raised,” seen by some as the highest standard for chicken welfare, is one of those food labels that means different things to different people. Some farms have their eggs certified as “pasture-raised” by the Humane Farm Animal Care nonprofit organization. That indicates the birds have a minimum amount of indoor and outdoor space, and are raised according to the organization’s humane handling standards. Other farms use the term without certification and may not follow these practices, especially in northern climates where outdoor access is harder to achieve in the winter. Some producers refer to eggs from outdoor birds as “farm fresh.” A store manager, a web search or a phone call to the farmer can help consumers understand what they’re getting. Whatever the label, stores and farms say they are selling more eggs from these outdoor birds, and middlemen who connect small farms with big retailers say they’re growing, too. Troy Susie, dairy manager at Hy-Vee’s Williamsburg store in Lincoln, was skeptical when Nebraska egg farmer Dan Hromas first approached him three years ago about selling pasture-raised eggs under the Prairie Pride label. He wondered if anyone would pay almost $5 for eggs when there’s a 49-cent option. But shoppers now ask for Prairie Pride, he said. Maybe it’s the local connection, and maybe it’s because they want to support Hromas, a disabled veteran. “I have people come in and say, ‘Hey, do you have any of the eggs the vet sells?’ ” Susie said. Hromas keeps nearly 500 chickens on land near Grand Island, and said he did about $21,000 in egg sales last year, though to not much profit. He’s still looking for that golden egg, he said. His customers aren’t as worried about labels and certifications, he said. “What they are concerned about is that intimate connection from the farmer,” he said. Another Nebraska farm that’s gotten into the business is Country Lane Gardens, a greenhouse and farm near Columbus, which started raising hens for eggs three years ago and now has 800 birds. The eggs are sold in the farm’s CSA box, at an indoor farmers market in Columbus, and at Hy-Vee stores in Omaha and Columbus. The farm sells them for $3 a dozen, and in Omaha, produce seller Tomato Tomato sells Country Lane eggs at its shop for $4.50, and also wholesales them to Hy-Vee, which prices them at $5 or more. Big supermarkets “really like the local products,” said Country Lane owner Annette Hellbusch. “That’s what consumers are demanding nowadays, to know where their food is coming from.” For others, it’s the taste, said Don Milota, operations manager at Tomato Tomato. “It’s just got a nice, rich flavor,” he said. Interest in pasture-raised eggs is a growing opportunity for one eastern Iowa wholesaler, Farmers Hen House, which has dealt only in specialty eggs, such as cage-free and organic, since it began in the 1997. The business buys eggs from local farms run by Amish families, packages them under a single label, and sells them to supermarkets around the region. Its eggs are certified by Humane Farm Animal Care in four categories. Farmers Hen House has had more demand from consumers and customers for pasture-raised eggs in the last three to five years, and sells them primarily in bigger cities like Denver, Chicago, Minneapolis and Phoenix, general manager Ryan Miller said. Miller said this spring he will be contacting more stores in the Omaha area, where he already sells other varieties, to make a pitch that they carry his pasture-raised eggs too. Cities have to be big enough to have enough demand for the eggs to make it worth a retailer’s while, he said. If the product doesn’t turn over quickly on a shelf, it won’t work, even at the higher prices these eggs command. Stores might charge $6 or $6.50 a dozen for Farmers Hen House pasture-raised eggs, he said. That’s necessary to cover the higher costs of producing and transporting such eggs. Picking up eggs from dozens of small farms is more complicated than driving a semi truck to a conventional egg-laying facility and dropping off pallets of eggs at a supermarket distribution center. Farmers also expect to make more per pasture-raised egg than a large-scale egg producer would earn, given the small scale and increased cost of labor and land. The income from those eggs can keep family farms in business, Miller said. That’s the philosophy at Vital Farms, a 10-year-old Austin, Texas, company that says it is the nation’s biggest provider of certified pasture-raised eggs — the only type of eggs it sells. Vital Farms sources eggs from about 100 farms in what it calls the “pasture belt” across seven southern states, and said it is meeting pent-up demand by selling them to supermarkets nationwide, including in Omaha — where Whole Foods priced Vital Farms pasture-raised eggs at $7.99 a dozen recently. Its farms are bigger than most family farms that produce eggs in Nebraska, with flocks of between about 2,000 and 10,000 hens, Chief Operating Officer Russell Diez-Canseco said. Farmers own their hens and are paid by the dozen eggs upon delivery, with the price adjusted quarterly to account for feed costs, Diez-Canseco said. “Our relationship with farmers is one of mutual accountability,” he said. Growth means the company now is building the first egg packing and processing plant it will own itself, in Springfield, Missouri. It’s hard to say how many pasture-raised eggs are sold in the country. Vital Farms estimates pasture-raised sales at 0.5 percent of the total market for shell eggs (which doesn’t include eggs sold in liquid, powdered or other forms). Maro Ibarburu, an analyst at the Egg Industry Center at Iowa State University, said he had no information about pasture egg sales. The American Egg Board said hens laying eggs sold as organic and cage-free account for 12.5 percent of the nation’s shell-egg flock; pasture-raised eggs would be a small portion of those. But Americans are eating more eggs altogether: Consumption averaged 267 eggs per person in 2016 — 33 more eggs than 20 years ago. Prices for conventional eggs are low right now, thanks to an oversupply, said Brian Moscogiuri, egg industry analyst at Urner Barry. Millions of hens were killed during the 2015 avian influenza outbreaks, and some international markets started importing from other countries. Today, he said, producers have raced to rebuild flocks, while exports haven’t fully recovered. A dozen large eggs cost $1.29 on average in Midwest cities in February, according to the USDA, down from $2.19 a year ago. The price was over $3 in August 2015. Consumers who aren’t hunting for pasture-raised eggs will benefit, he said. “We’re going into Easter at some of the lowest (price) levels we’ve had in the last 10 years,” he said. barbara.soderlin@owh.com, 402-444-1336 More information Hy-Vee is adding clothing boutiques to select stores in Omaha and Lincoln The boutiques will be built inside each store’s footprint, with their own fitting rooms and cash registers. Omaha entrepreneur finds a growing niche for his duck fat spray Hy-Vee’s new Market Grille Express part of growing trend of blending grocery stores, restaurants Tags Egg Commerce Economics Store Ryan Miller Hy-vee Farm Pasture Supermarket Whole Food Barbara Soderlin Barbara covers food and farming from the field to the supermarket, including ConAgra Foods, Omaha Steaks, Hy-Vee, the beef industry and agribusiness topics. Follow Barbara Soderlin Close Get email notifications on Barbara Soderlin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Barbara Soderlin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Barbara Soderlin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Recommended for you Featured Businesses Exceptional Artists 402-341-0444 Events Control Depot Honeywell Authorized Distributor 9304 G Ct, Omaha, NE 68127 1-866-809-7408 The Jaipur 10922 Elm St, Omaha, NE 68144 402-392-7331 UNO Athletics | University of Nebraska Omaha 6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE 68182 402-554-4142 Baxter Auto Omaha 17950 Burt St Suite B, Omaha, NE 68118 402-983-9606 The Rock Place 3405 S 204th St, Elkhorn, NE 68022 402-289-2862 In case you missed it Thanks to Berkshire’s success, Warren Buffett is giving away a fortune that just keeps growing Will companies look to other cities if they can’t find room to expand in Omaha? Industrial space is scarce Hy-Vee is adding clothing boutiques to select stores in Omaha and Lincoln Plans by Omaha-based Bucky’s to move into Texas could lead to a trademark battle with Buc-ee's Uncertainty lies ahead for Gordmans' 5,000 employees, but hope isn't lost, experts say Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Thanks to Berkshire’s success, Warren Buffett is giving away a fortune that just keeps growing Replay: March 28 Warren Watch chat Berkshire Hathaway worker picks first 29 games right in his NCAA tournament bracket to win $100,000 Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Latest News March 25, 2017 4:15 PM Tips for success from a Hilton Head waitress whose daughter just earned a Clemson math degree facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:27 Angle two: Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points Pause 1:22 Sindarius Thornwell's high school coach remembers his first practice 1:34 Rico Dowdle sets sights on healthier, more productive 2017 1:17 Sindarius Thornwell was a football player in high school until.... 0:55 Dawn Staley and the Gamecocks are ready for Dallas 2:02 Frank Martin, USC 'enjoying every single minute of this ride' 0:31 Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points 4:07 USC coach Chad Holbrook talks series-clinching win over Alabama 1:48 Why Sen. John Courson was indicted, wrapped up by corruption probe 1:01 Secret 'Bachelorette' filming spot for date 1 block from downtown Bluffton Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Hardeeville's Daraleen Webber has worked for over 20 years waiting tables at Hilton Head Diner while raising four daughters, all of whom have earned their college degrees. Here, she talks, on Feb. 8, 2017, on what motivated her as she raised children. Jay Karr The Island Packet Daraleen Webber is photographed on Feb. 8, 2017 behind the counter at Hilton Head Diner, where she has worked while bringing up four children as a single mother. Jay Karr jkarr@islandpacket.com “Team Webber” poses with Latishia Webber in December 2016 after she received her Clemson University bachelor of sciences degree in mathematical sciences with emphasis on actuarial science and financial mathematics. From left are sisters Krisinda Webber, Gabrielle Allen, Latishia Webber and her mother Daraleen Webber of Hardeeville, and her twin sister, Patrishia Webber. Submitted 1 of 3 i By David Lauderdale dlauderdale@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story On paper, this shouldn’t be happening. Not many young African American women from Hardeeville earn mathematics degrees from Clemson University. But Latishia Webber’s mother insisted she go to Clemson, sight unseen, to prove to others in South Carolina’s educationally deprived “Corridor of Shame” that it can be done. The December graduation ceremony in the foothills was the third for Daraleen Webber. Three of her four girls now have college degrees. It’s been the focus of her life. And it hasn’t been easy. Daraleen Webber raised the girls as a single mom. For 19 years she rode the 5:45 a.m. Palmetto Breeze bus to Hilton Head Island for work, and still uses the bus sometimes. She works two shifts and virtually all holidays at the Hilton Head Diner, waiting tables and hostessing. She’s been there since 1995, and she’s family. She’s also worked at Popeye’s, Wal-Mart, Kroger, McDonald’s — even on a construction job at Arthur Blank’s oceanfront mansion. She lived a number of years in subsidized housing, paying more rent than her neighbors because she worked. Last year, she took her first vacation, a weekend trip to Universal Studios. She can’t drive because she has severe cornea problems. She has no health insurance. She has debt. She says her credit has not always been good. But her children were never in daycare, and they were cheerleaders and played ball and never missed a class trip or church trip. Daraleen Webber worked her life around what she calls “Team Webber.” Also on the team are Gabrielle Allen, the oldest, who graduated cum laude with a degree in physics from Benedict College in Columbia and is now working on a master’s degree in accounting online. She spent six years in the U.S. Army Reserves. “She’s Mommy’s proud soldier,” Daraleen said. Krisinda Webber earned a biology degree from Allen University in Columbia and is a respiratory therapist with an eye on a master’s degree. Patrishia Webber, Latishia’s twin, now wants to enroll at the Technical College of the Lowcountry to study early-childhood education. “Our mother supported us monetarily and emotionally,” Latishia Webber said. “She’s always very encouraging. I can call and ask and she will make it happen.” ‘Ma’am, you are an inspiration’: As third child graduates college, praise pours in for hard-working Hilton Head waitress The new teacher Latishia Webber remembers the day the new math teacher showed up at Hardeeville High School. It was mid-year and they had already had three or four other teachers. No one expected the new one to last. But Michelle Gordon was from the Lowcountry, a graduate of Estill High, with a feel for the challenges her freshmen faced well beyond the postulates and theorems of honors geometry. “She was extremely young,” Latishia Webber remembers. “I wanted to be like her.” Latishia sensed that Gordon actually cared about them, and pushed them hard, saying, “I’m not going to let you fail.” “I told her, ‘You have the thing you need most: a made-up mind,’ ” Gordon said. “She was just determined and focused. I wanted her to see that she had the power to influence others by her example, and she chose to be a good example.” Gordon didn’t want her students to fall into a small-town way of looking at the world, never seeing what is beyond. If they want to come back, great, but they need to see over the horizon, Gordon said. “It truly takes a lot of strength, when challenges come, to stay focused,” Gordon said. Gordon is now the math coordinator for the Beaufort County School District. The two have kept in touch since Latishia graduated as salutatorian of the class of 2011. “I am Godly proud of her,” Gordon said last week. Motivational speaker Daraleen Webber’s girls have always been around positive people. They have an aunt who went to Georgia Tech, an uncle with a big job at a bank, a cousin working on a doctorate. Latishia’s aunt and godmother, Patricia Givens, has a degree from Temple University. Volunteers from Sun City came into their classrooms at an early age. A Sun City family gave the girls their first home computer. Customers at the Hilton Head Diner, which never closes, know them and encourage them. Word of God Christian Center in Hardeeville was a pillar for them. They got scholarships, including one named for Clementa Pinckney, a child of Jasper County whose eulogy was delivered by the president of the United States. Daraleen’s mother was a career aide at a Hardeeville school. Three years ago she saw her house burn to the ground, and then rebuilt by her church. She’s also seen four of her seven grandchildren get four-year degrees and two join the military. But mostly, the girls have their mother, who while taking a mid-afternoon break at the diner sounds like a motivational speaker. “I was never afraid to work,” she said. “I’ve always had a second job. If you work hard, you can go anywhere.” “You do what you have to do,” she said. “There’s no excuse for not doing well these days,” she said. “Parenting is important,” she said. “If they fall behind, find something to help.” “I gave the kids books at Christmas,” she said. “My kids are grown women now, and we are still the closest. We dance. We clown around,” she said. “I told the girls I’m your mom when you need me and your daddy when you need me. I always have their back.” “The diner is a big part of my success. I overhear successful people here talking about their children’s colleges and careers and I wanted that for my kids,” she said. “I wanted my kids to be able to dictate their future. If they want to leave a job, they can do that. They have options. They’ve got a much better chance than I had,” she said. “I’ve sat through three college graduation ceremonies, and it’s a very overwhelming experience,” she said. “I look around at these very rich people and it tells you that even if you have no money, you can still succeed.” David Lauderdale: 843-706-8115, @ThatsLauderdale Related content Single mother of four on what motivates her LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Latest News Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:56 Crazy scenes from Five Points: South Carolina basketball advances to Final Four Pause 0:48 Gamecocks celebrate win over Florida 2:14 Gamecocks celebrated at home after NCAA win over Florida 2:26 Welcome home: South Carolina basketball players address fans 1:13 Hilton Head Island man sells mother-in-law's birdhouse collection 0:46 How to quickly dehead shrimp 0:27 Angle two: Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points 1:22 Sindarius Thornwell's high school coach remembers his first practice 1:34 Rico Dowdle sets sights on healthier, more productive 2017 1:17 Sindarius Thornwell was a football player in high school until.... Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 hours ago Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points 0:31 13 hours ago Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points 0:59 13 hours ago How to kill your lawn without chemicals 2:44 a day ago 8-year-old Rock Hill girl pins wrestling championships View more video Latest News Greenville Memorial Hospital may lose Medicare coverage Hometown lineman commits to Muschamp, Gamecocks Prosecutor sets Wednesday bond hearing for Richland’s Courson Woman thrown from vehicle, dies in early Tuesday Sumter crash History in print: Get poster pages from USC’s run to the Final Four Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy More families of Orlando nightclub victims sue Google By Claire Atkinson View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 27, 2017 | 10:30pm Modal Trigger Pulse nightclub in Orlando AP More On: florida nightclub mass shooting Orlando nightclub shooting victims to receive nearly $8.5M Prosecutors furious over judge setting bail for Orlando nightclub shooter's wife Judge orders release of Orlando nightclub killer's wife Judge orders psych evaluation of Orlando shooter's wife Google’s advertising headache is about to get a lot worse. Additional families of the victims of last June’s Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Fla., are expected to sue the tech giant for helping the terrorists who inspired the massacre, The Post has learned. A lawyer for the families said last week’s giant ad boycott of Google and its YouTube operation will help prove his case. YouTube and social-media outfits such as Facebook and Twitter make it too easy for terror groups like ISIS to spread their beliefs and recruit members, lawyer Keith Altman, of Michigan’s Solomon Radner law firm, told The Post. “We are amending the Orlando lawsuit, adding new plaintiffs and adding new allegations and arguments,” he said. Omar Mateen, 29, declared his allegiance to ISIS in a 911 call shortly before he went to nightclub and killed 49 people and wounded 53. Altman first filed suit against Google, Facebook and Twitter in December. Google got into hot water after big advertisers such as Walmart and JPMorgan Chase found the ads they bought on Google placed with alongside videos and sites that spewed anti-America, anti-gay and anti-Semitic hate. Google said it would try to do a better job of screening for hate speech, but more advertisers — including AT&T, Verizon, Starbucks and Johnson & Johnson — have pulled their ads from some Google platforms, including YouTube. Altman believes that the controversy adds fuel to his arguments that Google has a responsibility for what it disseminates. SEE ALSO Google loses more top advertisers amid placement nightmare 0:0 Google saw more big-time advertisers pull their business from its... Citing federal regulations, online ad firms and social networks argue they are not responsible for what crosses their sites, since it is created by others. Altman’s legal argument is that by serving up ads and providing advertisers with audience data, Google is in the content-creation business and thus is not protected by the regulations. “Google is sharing revenue with ISIS. This plays very much into the ad boycott,” the lawyer said. In the suit, Altman claims that for years, Google, Facebook and Twitter “have knowingly and recklessly provided the terrorist group ISIS with accounts to use its social networks as a tool for spreading extremist propaganda, raising funds, and attracting new recruits.” “The whole issue will be placed into the complaint,” Altman said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under florida nightclub mass shooting ,  google ,  isis ,  lawsuits ,  omar mateen ,  terrorism Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Ferrari abandoned two years ago finally gets booted Read Next Ferrari abandoned two years ago finally gets booted Share Selection Trending Now in News 72,225 Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections 35,925 Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco 21,565 Staring at boobs is just one of six easy ways men can live longer Now On How Bill O’Reilly defines a ‘snowflake’ Joe Manganiello: Sofía Vergara worth the intense spotlight Montel Williams no-shows Page Six interview SEE ALL Now On 10 Sex Scenes That Changed Film History SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Astronaut who walked on moon says he knows the truth... Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt Melania's camp denies US Weekly's 'separate bed' report Infant twin girls found dead inside apartment More Stories pagesix Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco Now On Decider Alec Baldwin's First Thought When Meeting Tina Fey: "Is She Single?" nypost Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Search News Morning Twist Music Sports Events NOLA Marketplace About Sections 73° Low: 68° High: 84° Wed Partly Cloudy 70° 81° Thu Thunderstorms 60° 77° Fri Sunny 62° 79° See Complete Forecast 73° Replay: News With A Twist at 10pm Opportunity Fair for 16 to 24-year-olds Wednesday Posted: 6:45 p.m., March 27, 2017 | Updated: 7:30 p.m., March 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print Please enable Javascript to watch this video NEW ORLEANS- A host of national brands including Hilton, Walmart, and many others as we as local organizations like Cafe Reconcile and The Besh Restaurant Group are coming together this Wednesday at Generations Hall to offer 16 to 24-year-olds a chance to help with career goals. Nicole Jolly of the organizing group Employ Collaborative says it's more than just a job fair. Jolly told us, "The Opportunity Fair is is basically a one-stop one time for people to get reconnected into all variety of opportunities.  16 to 24-years-olds can show up, get a haircut, practice interviewing skills, work on their resume, and then get introduced to a variety of programs that will help them with their job training, help them with their education, and even have access to employment opportunities on-site." Click here for free shuttle pickup locations around New Orleans Authors: LBJ Filed in: Business, Local, News, News with a Twist Topics: 100kOpportunity Fair, 16-24 year olds, Employ Collaborative, Nicole Jolly 139 Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel More in News with a Twist Escaped cow has beef with cop More from WGNO Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App facebook twitter instagram pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact Screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/this-youtube-meltdown-comes-at-a-particularly-bad-time-1490648867 Hot Stocks This YouTube Meltdown Comes at a Particularly Bad Time The Google-owned video company is losing advertisers who don’t like the idea that their ads are running alongside offensive content. By Avi Salzman March 27, 2017 5:07 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Recent controversy surrounding YouTube content could push advertisers back toward traditional television. Illustration: Pixabay Major advertisers, including Starbucks, General Motors, and Wal-Mart, have pulled their advertising from YouTube in recent days amid reports that the video service was running their ads next to hateful content. The sudden wave of defections from the Google-owned video company comes at a particularly bad time for Google and its corporate parent Alphabet: the television upfronts are starting, and TV networks are likely to use this controversy to highlight the benefits of advertising alongside professionally produced content. Barron’s Next Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Can Investors Still Trust Facebook? Twitter’s Plan for Online Abuse? Ignorance is Bliss Google has made billions running ads against search results and user-generated content, selling advertisers on the premise that Google knows their customers better than anyone. For the most part, advertisers are still on board with Google search ads, although FX Networks, part of 21st Century Fox, went so far as to stop all advertising, including Google search ads. YouTube is a different story. The sheer volume of video content -- 400 hours of video are uploaded per minute -- makes policing the platform particularly difficult, and Google’s automated scanning software has done a mediocre job so far. Content from major brands has been running with videos that mock black and Jewish people, according to a review of content by the Wall Street Journal. Other reviews indicated ads were running along with content supporting terrorists. This has likely been happening for a while, but renewed media attention has made it a more pressing issue. And Google’s response has been too casual for many advertisers. TV stations are likely to emphasize the benefits of advertising with a known entity rather than hoping an algorithm can connect brands with customers. “For television networks defending their positions against a backdrop of continued linear ratings decay, the ‘content quality’ and transparency argument has always been a key talking point,” wrote Wells Fargo analyst Peter Stabler. “With the growing number of major marketers electing to either pause or reallocate YouTube spending, we believe the argument will be presented with renewed vigor.” Instinet analyst Anthony DiClemente expects the controversy to reduce Google’s revenue by about $750 million, a small amount for a company that made $90 billion last year. But he warns that costs could rise as Google comes up with a solution. The company’s response to the controversy could determine if the problem gets bigger, or begins to diminish. Big Picture: Google is in hot water as brands have been pulling their ads following revelations that they were running against offensive content. Text Size Regular Medium Large Avi Salzman avi.salzman@barrons.com • @avibarrons Most Popular Here’s How Apple Shares Could Hit $200 Facebook Just Released Its Most Blatant Snap Copy Yet Tesla Investors May be Overlooking an Important Weakness This Number Should Worry Whole Foods Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Test Test Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Howard Hughes' former Tahoe estate for sale News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Petition: Melania must move Cities vowing to defy Trump's crackdown St. Bonaventure alters sign bearing Trump ally Paladino's name NY also giving Akoustis $8 million in tax breaks Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Bruins inch closer to wild card Tanaka suffers first loss of spring Warriors start fast, hang on for win NFL owners revamp rules Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Samsung's fire-prone phone may be brought back to market Stock indexes close higher Stocks overcome D.C. jitters EU OK's Dow-DuPont union Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Screenings of '1984' part of nationwide protest Appealing options for Albany Restaurant Week New restaurants to know about in Troy Picks of the week Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories 20 Capital Region life hacks to make your life easier Deeds & Deals Today's Birthdays People in the news: Best wishes for 'Dancing' gig Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives EGCSD Capital Project Budget Review sessions set, next one Wed. Mount McGregor questions are answered Cuomo: Policy issues largely settled, so only sticking point in The Internet is enraged by the ‘Legs-it’ Daily Mail TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Climate change funds in state budget struggle Libraries cope with shortfalls of income tax books Plug-in electric car buyers getting rebates from state Editorial: A budget that does justice Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Prefab home offers energy efficiency Deeds & Deals A natural feel to new art at office buildings House of the Week: Victorian in Ballston Spa Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings The Fresh Market’s $2.99 Tuesday deals extended through High-value Honest Weight Co-op coupons coming Thursday Ring in New Year’s Eve on a budget with these money-saving Tips for hosting a Super Bowl party on a budget MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Niskayuna-Co-op-cuts-six-staffers-11034642.php Niskayuna Co-op cuts six staffers Competition pressure blamed for "difficult but necessary" layoffs By Tim O'Brien Published 8:15 pm, Tuesday, March 28, 2017 The Niskayuna Co-op is laying off six employees as it copes with increased competition. Five part-time and one full-time employee are affected, Assistant General Manager Rit Gabree said in an emailed statement. "The Niskayuna Co-op was created in 1943 because the community lacked a grocery store," he said. "Today, shoppers have more options than ever as the industry faces increasing competition. We are not immune to these pressures, but we also recognize the vital role we play in our community." He called the job cuts a "difficult but necessary step" and "part of our ongoing efforts to align our operational costs with current sales." The co-op faces heated competition from a nearby ShopRite store that opened in October 2011, as well as other markets and stores like Target and Wal-Mart that have gone into the grocery business. The news comes after the announced resignation last week of Co-op General Manager Jennifer Felitte after 2½ years. Her resignation takes effect April 7. Gabree has been announced as her chosen successor and will take over the role a day later. In the statement, Gabree said, the decision to cut staff should help the co-op continue to survive. "We believe this decision will strengthen the co-op's long-term financial health, and help ensure that it remains viable so it can continue to meet the needs of our community for years to come," he said. Most Popular 1 Haunted Hollywood home of 'Dracula' legend Bela Lugosi for... 2 Cuomo commits to $55M in budget to boost direct care wages 3 Albany Restaurant Week returns; Wellington’s menu upgraded 4 Cops: Bloody sweatshirt hanging from knife in suspect's room 5 Churchill: Under Cuomo, upstate's painful decline goes on 6 Best of the Capital Region 2017: Burgers 7 20 Capital Region life hacks to make your life easier View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Hostess with the mostess! Melania and Trump all smiles as they entertain senators at the White House and President promises healthcare deal 'soon' - but Kellyanne and Cruz don't look happy Three storm chasers - including two Weather Channel contractors - are killed after their two cars collide at high speed at an intersection while they were following a tornado in Texas Jacksonville high school upsets its students with patronizing prom flyer showing an appropriate dress with the caption 'GOOD GIRL' New York Mayor De Blasio launches NYPD order to keep ICE agents off of school grounds as he aims to protect sanctuary status EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting dead three masked teenage intruders with an assault rifle and repeatedly asked police if they would survive Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger is 'based on a character from a comic book series' new lawsuit claims House votes to wipe away the FCC's internet privacy protections which could lead to internet providers being allowed to sell customer information Look who's back! Hillary attacks EVERYTHING Trump has done and takes Sean Spicer to task for demeaning female reporter in her first major speech since losing the election Who needs complicated Trumpcare? Republican congressman files bill to repeal Obamacare with a single sentence  The 'War on Coal' is over: President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental regulations  'I am being viciously attacked with lies and smears': Comedians turn Donald Trump's speeches into a whiny, angsty '00s-style emo song - and it's quickly become Twitter's favorite new tune 'I'm a strong black woman, I cannot be intimidated': Congresswoman Maxine Waters slams Bill O'Reilly for mocking her 'James Brown' hair 'If Trump uses Russian salad dressing somehow that's a Russian connection': Sean Spicer is criticized for giving reporter 'with an agenda' both barrels and telling her 'stop shaking your head' during his answer Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and claims his boyfriend has turned to opiates because he has been so stressed by the Left's rhetoric Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and regular brands... shame the neighbors don't appreciate it From fresh-faced youngster to hardened criminal covered in face tattoos: Increasingly sinister mugshots chart the plight of Texas Tango Blast gang member Boy, 15, who pleaded guilty to shooting dead his sister, 12, and planning to set fire to his family's Missouri home is sentenced to 25 years in prison Honor student, 18, who planned to bomb and shoot up her Maryland high school wrote of desire to be the first female mass shooter and analyzed past school shootings in her diary Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and Harry Winston overcharge by 330% for 'identical' stones sold in Costco Maryland cop shoots dead man who complained about a stolen bicycle before lunging with a knife at the officer taking the report Florida man, 24, 'fatally stabs his roommate, 21, after she hugged him goodbye and told him she leaving to move in with her boyfriend' 10 members of the Bonnano crime family - including 'Bald Chris', 'Pudgie' and 'The Jew' are indicted on $26million racketeering charge and are set to lose their palatial homes  Teacher who kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student composed and performed a creepy love song to ANOTHER student years ago  'If you don't want me to defend him, I will sit down and shut up': Aaron Hernandez's defense attorney erupts in court as former Patriot's fiancee watches Previous Next Teacher who kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student composed and performed a creepy love song to ANOTHER student years ago  Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas disappeared from Columbia, TN, March 13 Investigators have received 1,100 tips so far, but none were credible sightings New video has emerged of Cummins singing a love song to another ex-student He sings in the clip: 'You're the kind of woman a man can love the rest of his life'  One tip called in last week placed the pair in Corpus Christi, Texas, and police in Mexico and Central America have been notified in case the duo cross the border  Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says Cummins could be masquerading as a missionary in rural Mexico - due to his reported extensive knowledge of the bible Cummins and Thomas left romantic and sexually charged email drafts to each other on a school computer at Culleoka School, it has also been revealed   By Liam Quinn and Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com Published: 19:54 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 22:24 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail 22 shares 47 View comments Disturbing new evidence has emerged in the case of missing 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas and her former teacher, Tad Cummins. The two disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13, and police were forced on Tuesday to reiterate they believe they are dealing with a kidnapping, and not a romance. But now, new video has emerged of the former teacher singing a creepy love song to another former student of his - who says she was about the same age as Thomas is now when the bizarre incident took place. Destany Parrish recounted the encounter with Cummins during an interview with Inside Edition. 'It was just me and Tad. We were in the music room – it was right next to his classroom,' Parrish said, during the report due to air on Tuesday night. 'I had learned a new song on the piano and I was going to go show him, but he sat down first and played that song and I started recording a little bit. Scroll down for video  Officials in Tennessee said the disappearnace of Elizabeth Thomas (left) and Tad Cummins (right), who have been missing 15 days, is a kidnapping and not a 'romance' or 'fairy tale' Destany Parrish (pictured) said Cummins sang a love song to her about four years ago when he was her teacher Parrish, who is now 19, then spoke about the sort of relationship she had with Cummins while she was a student of his. 'We used to be really, really close. I could talk to him about just about anything,' she said, before adding he arranged a time for them to be alone - during which he sang the lyrics to her.  The haunting in hindsight lyrics included the line: 'I could swim for a thousand miles in the oceans inside your eyes and never reach the side.' Another part of the song went: 'You're the kind of woman a man can love for the rest of his life and I don't know why. I feel it's your eyes. Oh, your eyes.' These images show two of the lines in the song Cummins sang to the 19-year-old former student of his about four years ago Destany's mother (pictured) said she had no doubt that the song the teacher sang to her daughter was written with the student in mind The 19-year-old said she never knew if the song was written with her in mind, but her mother said there is no doubt it was. 'I really did never listen to the lyrics until the other day,' Parrish's mom told Inside Edition. 'Knowing now, what he's doing, to me, he was singing to her.'  The lyrics were revealed after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation told reporters it had received more than 1,100 tips on Thomas' location so far, but there is yet to be a credible sighting of the runaway pair.> Officials suggested there is a possibility Cummins and Thomas have crossed the border into Mexico where the former teacher, who is said to be well versed in the Bible, could be masquerading as a missionary in the rural countryside.  As a result, authorities in Tennessee have shared the Amber Alert information with their counterparts south of the border, although they have no information confirming that the pair are in Mexico. A reported sighting of the pair was made in Corpus Christi, Texas, last week. Police could not confirm it, but investigators have notified police in Mexico and Central America  During the news conference Tuesday morning, multiple law enforcement officials urged the media and the public to keep in mind that Elizabeth Thomas is a victim. 'Some have characterized this relationship as a romance, but this morning, I want to caution the public to avoid anything that might look or sound like-victim blaming,' TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. 'Let me be very clear this morning: she is 15, a child, he is 50, a grown man,' Gwyn went on to say.  'She's a high school freshman, he's a former teacher. 'This is and was not a romance, this was a manipulation solely to benefit Tad Cummins.  'This is not a fairy tale, this is a case of kidnapping, and we remain gravely concerned for the well-being of this young girl.' Cummins and Thomas left love notes for each other on his classroom computer at Culleoka School before vanishing. The pair are pictured in the classroom, above, in January Gwyn noted: 'Right now, Elizabeth may not realize she's a victim, but she is.' The head of the TBI then addressed Tad Cummins directly, urging him to do the right thing and bring Elizabeth home to her family and friends.  TBI spokesperson John DeVine urged the public to be on the lookout for the missing duo and contact police right away in the event of a sighting.  'It takes just one lead, one tip, one person seeing them to turn this thing around,' he said.  Officials previously said that Cummins and Thomas could be 'anywhere' since they vanished some 15 days ago. While TBI received a tip last week that the two were spotted in Corpus Christi, Texas - just 150 miles away from the border - police were unable to confirm the sighting. 'For your sake and for Beth's sake, please go to the police or please just drop Beth off somewhere safe,' said Cummins' wife Jill in a separate interview Thomas' sister (Sarah above) said that her teacher Tad Cummins, 50, had been showing up at her work unannounced. Pictured right, the teen's father With dwindling leads as to where the couple could be, investigators are taking precautionary measures and considering the possibility that they may have left the country. Family members have pleaded for Cummins to bring Thomas home after it was discovered that the two had been sending love letters to one another by writing draft emails on a shared classroom computer at Culleoka School.    The TBI issued a statement saying: 'We have not requested an AMBER Alert be issued in Mexico or Central America.  'We have, through the FBI, shared with law enforcement in Mexico and Central America, relevant information about the case, to include identifying information about both individuals.  'This is, however, in the name of due diligence. We have no specific information Tad Cummins took Elizabeth Thomas across the Border.' Cummins' wife Jill spoke with NBC News on Monday and urged her husband to turn himself in, saying: 'You know you can't hide forever. For your sake and for Beth's sake, please go to the police or please just drop Beth off somewhere safe.' Sarah Thomas said her sister would tell he co-workers to tell Cummins she wasn't around when he showed up at her work (Thomas family above) Any help: The family has also released a recent video of Elizabeth (above with her brother)  hoping that someone might recognize her lisp She also said 'nobody understands the pain and shock I am in now.'  Meanwhile, Thomas' sister shared shocking new claims about the girl's relationship with her teacher in an emotional interview with Good Morning America. Sarah Thomas fought back tears as she revealed that Tad Cummins, 50, had begun showing up unannounced at her sister's work shortly before the pair disappeared together. His last visit had come just two days before the girl's abduction, she said. 'She would go and tell people to tell him she wasn't there and she would go and hide until he left,' explained Sarah Thomas. 'She thought it was the only way. She felt uncomfortable.'  Elizabeth's family is still holding out hope that they will see the girl again, and are begging any person who might have information to reach out and contact authorities.  'It feels like she just vanished, and I know that's impossible, someone had to see her,' said the victim's sister Sarah. Her father meanwhile was optimistic about the teenager's eventual return home to be with her family.   'We just live for that day where we are gonna get a phone call that says we're alright and waiting for someone to get me,' said Anthony Thomas.  Investigators spent the weekend pouring over email drafts that the two would send one another while in school for any clues into where the pair may be, with Cummins now facing charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. 'They would write the message and let it save as a draft. The other person would log in, read the message and then delete it and then write another message that was saved as a draft,' said Maury County District Attorney Brent Cooper. 'If you read them you would immediately recognize you are reading messages between two people who have a romantic interest in each other.'   One of the emails uncovered by authorities was written by Cummins and began: 'I saw you standing next to your backpack this morning.'  The teacher then told the student how nice one of her body parts looked to him in the note.  Elizabeth's family also released a recent video of the teenager with her brother in hopes that someone might recognize the young girl's lisp. A student came forward earlier this year to tell school officials that they saw the student and her married teacher kissing in a classroom this past January. The school eventually made the decision to remove Elizabeth from the teacher's classroom, but allow Cummins to keep teaching at the school.   Cummins was last seen one day before the two disappeared buying hair dye at a Walmart. Elizabeth, who is one of ten children, made frequent posts on social media about romance and love in the weeks before she was abducted by Cummins. She also started calling herself 'wife' on Instagram and made several references to a 'mission' that was 'almost complete'. On March 13, she told family she was going to spend the day with a friend. One of her siblings has since revealed that the teenager told them to call police if she did not return home that night. Cummins visited a Walmart in Columbia, Tennessee, the day before he vanished with the girl. He was filmed on surveillance cameras buying dark brown women's hair dye  Elizabeth changed her Instagram biography before she vanished to describe herself as a 'wife'. She also added a ring emoji to the description  Authorities believe she may have gone willingly with Cummins, who they say has been grooming her for sex for some time.  Elizabeth was seen on surveillance footage the day she disappeared carrying a bndle of clothes. The grandfather is believed to be armed and possible dangerous, with two guns.  This image of Elizabeth was taken on March 13, the day she vanished. She appears to be holding a bundle of clothes Elizabeth's mother spoke to DailyMail.com last week in an exclusive interview to share her fears. She labeled her daughter's captor 'disturbed' and said she worried Elizabeth would either end up pregnant or dead. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, which is leading the hunt for the pair, has received hundreds of tips but none have come to fruition. One reported sighting of the pair was made in Corpus Christi, a coastal city in south east Texas, last week. They were reported to have been seen in the tiny town of North Beach which sits just 160 miles from the Mexican border. Nothing ever came of the tip-off and police have not clarified whether they believe it was credible or a case of mistaken identity.  Anyone with information of their whereabouts is urged to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Police are asking anyone who sees a silver Nissan Rogue with a license plate of TN 976-ZPT to call 911 immediately.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 22 shares Most watched News videos Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Shocking moment a driver is punched through his car window Monkman gets the better of Seagull in University Challenge semi-final Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED by evil spirits Brazen man catches huge COBRA out of hole with his bare hands Mother films invasive TSA pat-down of her disabled teenage son Furious cyclist smashes driver's windscreen with his own bike New ISIS video shows child soldiers hunting and killing prisoners Shocking carer steals money out of dementia patient's handbag Medics fired after mocking patient on a surgery table Miraculous moment baby who was 'buried alive' is rescued in India Driver's hilarious attempt to squeeze car through tight gap Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and... Thrown to his death then pelted with rocks by barbaric... Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son,... Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have... 'The lioness who inspired us all': Lawyers pay tribute to... Sturgeon throws down the gauntlet: Scottish Parliament... Three nursery nurses 'cruelly force-fed toddlers in their... Furious white van passenger repeatedly punches a driver... Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her... 'It is time for Britain to come together': May's rallying... Fortress Britain: Police install new anti-terror barriers... Incredible moment a newborn baby girl BURIED ALIVE in a... Caught on secret camera: Sickening moment a sneaky carer... ISIS 'cubs of the caliphate' hunt down prisoners before... £70,000 Ferrari left to rot on a street near Harrods for... White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because... Staffie owner is mauled to death by his pet dog in front... 'The judge WAS right': Teenage rape victim who was... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 48 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $1,495 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at the White House Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio Trendy and terrific  Chrissy Teigen looks glamorous in revealing dress as Hailey Baldwin goes casual to H&M red carpet event in LA The duo pulled out all the stops  'Signature pose... got to do it!': Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Certainly doesn't need to hire models Sports Illustrated unveils first star of its 2018 Swimsuit Issue, sharing stunning nude images of the 21-year-old Brazilian model posing in a colorful PAINTED swimsuit Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'My house is a coke den?' Dorit Kemsley disputes cocaine accusation made by Lisa Rinna on RHOBH At loggerheads  EXCLUSIVE The honeymoon crasher! Vanderpump Rules newlyweds Tom and Katie share luxury holiday album and reveal why Stassi tagged along Just popping out! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her wares in skimpy sports bra as she takes boy Mason to art class Interesting errand attire  Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' The Kardashian momager instigated the split They'll always have Buenos Aires! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd enjoy exploring Argentina together They will always have Buenos Aires Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour in tight nude leggings as she arrives back in LA after Fiji swimsuit shoot Looked glowing  Hot mesh! Alexandra Daddario flashes cleavage in clinging see-through top as she poses with Kelly Rohrbach while promoting Baywatch   Think you know LA? Think again! From Sunken City to a pizzeria that makes women go into labor, the sights you won't find in a guidebook SPONSORED Sofia Richie strikes a cool pose in tinted glasses as she steps out to dinner in New York...after getting seventh tattoo Specs appeal  'I can't call them Casa and Amigos': George Clooney jokes pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after his tequila brand Consummate pro  She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery in London Actress Rose Byrne, 37, is dumped as the face of luxury accessories brand Oroton in favour of 'younger influencers' who will be paid less   Edgy Zayn Malik ditches his raven man-bun in favour of a bright green chop in brooding new selfie The 24-year-old former One Direction star Maria Sharapova shows no remorse as doping ban ends and jokes she used her time off to go to Coachella where '120,000 people' were doing drugs   Platinum mom! Ashlee Simpson rocks very blonde topknot on family outing with kids Jagger and Bronx and hubby Evan Ross Practical ponytail  The Walking Dead's Steven Yeun shares another glimpse of his newborn son...named Jude Malcolm 'Thanks. We are well. Much much love!' Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her mermaid locks and pert posterior in figure hugging bodysuit and jeans Went for a classic look Yummy mummy! Charlize Theron showcases her natural beauty make-up free as she takes her two children for an ice-cream treat     Simone Biles and Sasha Farber share impromptu tango after DWTS practice... as Gleb Savchenko and wife Elena show off new baby bump   SIX MEALS and 3500 calories a day: Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer reveals how he gets RIPPED for Thor role by training for three months before filming   Olivia Palermo and Johannes Huebl attend Oliver Peoples x Berluti bash... after teaming up for Piaget campaign Teaming up  'The best acting mom I ever had': Leonardo DiCaprio posts heartfelt tribute to What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates He paid tribute  Radiohead singer Thom Yorke, 48, and new girlfriend Dajana Roncione, 32, hit Miami beach for charming day date   Angels on Earth! Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes look heavenly flaunting their taut tummies after a bite in Beverly Hills Victoria's Secret talents 'It's a little bit awkward': Gwen Stefani vows to keep singer away from Blake Shelton as battles end on The Voice He had his eye on one  Own direction: 1D's Harry Styles to perform solo as musical guest on SNL's first live coast-to-coast show Will join Jimmy Fallon on April 15 Orlando Bloom goes low-profile as he leaves LAX airport following glam getaway with A-list pal Leonardo DiCaprio  Incognito in black baseball cap  Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger 'based on character from The Rook comics series' new lawsuit claims Alleged similarities  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview magazine Susan Sarandon looks gorgeous in black as she gets playful on red carpet for NYC comedy benefit Wore wavy auburn locks down  Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and  day-to-day brands PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Supergirl's Melissa Benoist can't keep her hands off co-star Chris Wood as duo confirm romance in Mexico Finally got public Scorpion's Katharine McPhee looks happy on Malibu set alongside rumored boyfriend Elyes Gabel Joined on the beach by her co-stars Robert Patrick and Jadyn Wong American Psycho author Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and calls out Lena Dunham and Meryl Streep  Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s favorite reunites for charity True Colours! Cyndi Lauper, 63, make arrives in Sydney wearing a bright orange jumper and matching sunglasses ahead of her joint tour with Blondie   'I feel gross!' My Big Fat Fabulous Life star Whitney Thore can't believe her ears after discovering the man she's dating is her COUSIN The first awakens! Oscar Isaac and girlfriend Elvira Lind are expecting their first child together Parents-to-be stepped out together in New York Looking ace! Serena Williams shows off curvaceous figure in swimsuit as she documents island getaway on Snapchat Tennis superstar posted on Snapchat Jodie Sweetin's ex threatened to reveal 'embarrassing' cell phone pictures of Fuller House actress Her ex has been arrested multiple times Scarlet fever! Zoey Deutch gets leggy in red dresses and discusses famous parents in C Magazine Donned a variety of high-end ensembles Friendly exes! Brad Pitt 'secretly joined' Angelina Jolie during trip to Cambodia in February 'so he could spend time with the kids' Difficult separation   Former RHONY star Jules Wainstein's ex accuses her of squandering thousands in child support on lavish lifestyle after her electricity is cut off Taxi please! Michelle Williams hails a cab while bundled up in a military green coat while out in New York After enjoying an outing with a friend while clad in sleek scuffed booties She's a chameleon! Olivia Wilde wears black wig and loses the fake bump while shooting Life Itself... a week after filming as a 'pregnant' blonde Filming her new movie  Scheana Shay reveals he had 'a good cry' on night her marriage breakup was shown on Vanderpump Rules Imploding marriage brings on the sniffles 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA 'We got very lucky!': Mila Kunis raves about her children's sibling bond... as put on stylish display at CinemaCon  The mother-of-two embraced comfort in large trousers Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend American DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims Back in black! Anne Hathaway dazzles in ruffling back-baring Armani at the premiere of Colossal in NYC The 34-year-old beauty simply wowed  A chip off the old block! Brenton Thwaites confirmed as son of Orlando Bloom's character in upcoming Pirates Of The Caribbean film Fifth installment   Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD for night out in NYC after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway That's one dapper date! Alexa Chung's father Philip steps in as she leaves beau Alexander Skarsgard at home for a night at the National Portrait Gala Looking heavenly EXCLUSIVE: Paparazzi in LAX brawl with One Direction star Louis Tomlinson 'harassed' an ex girlfriend and has sued other entertainment big shots for MILLIONS Elton John teams with Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice to turn Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat into animated film   Johnny Depp accuses former business managers of 'smear campaign' after they claimed he 'squandered' his money on lavish lifestyle Fashionable flyer! Salma Hayek is runway ready in buttoned jumpsuit and boots as she jets into LAX Is never one to disappoint when it comes to style Homerun humor! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez share a laugh as they enjoy intimate double date with friends in Los Angeles From model to meth addict to model again: America's Next Top Model contestant Jael Strauss regains looks after finally ditching drugs 'I drink green juice every single morning:' Martha Stewart, 75, reveals her secret weapon in anti-aging process Shared with Dr. Oz  Dynamic duo! Drew Barrymore and America Ferrera lead the honorees at upcoming Gracie Awards Prestigious show will take place at Beverly Hotel 'It's about to get tough': Kevin Hart admits he's terrified his 12-year-old daughter Heaven is starting to talk about boys Is learning that it's hard to be a dad  Just like mom! Courteney Cox's girl Coco lands role in music video... two decades on from Friends star's big break in Bruce Springsteen clip History repeating itself Uptown (sales)girl: Christie Brinkley, 63, is stunningly gorgeous at HSN offices where she prepares to sell hair clip-ons and face masks Now an entrepreneur Sash the way to do it! Princess Mary dazzles in gold as she joins the Danish and Belgian royals for an elaborate state banquet after a hard day of sightseeing  Royal engagements Can't stop the (new home) feeling! Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel buy $27.5 million penthouse in Tribeca Sought-after address   Strike a pose, Vogue! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, makes his modelling debut for Adidas in new campaign in collaboration with Alexander Wang   Hoping for big Money? Floyd Mayweather puts his $4.8m Koenigsegg hypercar on the market... one of only two in the world Highly desirable   'I love him to bits and he's funny': Helen McCrory calls husband Damian Lewis her 'best friend' and says they'd love to act together again... 14 years after meeting onstage Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: What will Charles do with his property when he becomes King? Has a plan to radically downsize Royal accommodation Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she braves the New York cold to head into work Teen turned on the style So that explains it! Famously pouty Victoria Beckham steps out in a T-shirt with slogan 'Fashion Stole My Smile' Jetted into LAX 'Like almond butter': Lily Collins looks smooth as she flashes her toned abs in knotted top with cheeky message as she heads for a mani-pedi Looking very casual  Seacrest not out! NBC and Fox 'in bidding war for American Idol' with new judges but host Ryan likely back The iconic show is due a reboot   Big Bang Theory star Mayim Bialik lectures against describing women as 'girls' in a furious video, noting that calling a man a 'boy' would be seen as  'emasculating' 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot Romantic day out 'You brought me so much joy': Nina Dobrev pays emotional tribute to her beloved cat who died aged 18 years Shared with her 12 million followers 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Taking after her Oscar? Anne Hathaway gives look at beauty regimen as she dons shiny gold face mask (and lip syncs to Madonna) Revealed her secrets  'Your wish is my command': Ryan Reynolds superfan gets the star's name tattooed on his backside and shares the results on Twitter Bizarre tribue TLC is bringing back hit home makeover show Trading Spaces in 2018 'One of TLC's 'most successful and most iconic series.' One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least $62 million after selling shares in their joint-owned company 1D Media  Tony Curtis's ex wife and Austria's first Golden Globe winner Christine Kaufmann dies aged 72 Passed away in Munich after battle with leukemia EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his horrific childhood Parks & Recreation vets Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman are reuniting to host the reality competition show The Handmade Project Competition reality show SHEER-an generosity! Ed teams up with David Beckham, Roger Daltrey for the UKTeenage Cancer Trust after saving abused Liberian street boys Veep vet Chris Addison has been chosen to direct Dirty Rotten Scoundrels remake starring Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson Remake   Get to know fashion designer behind the A-list-adored line that has become a favorite with stars like Kim Kardashian, Beyoncé, and Kendall Jenner 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she once threatened to QUIT film after co-star was told to lose weight)  Paris Hilton can't keep her hands off new beau Chris Zylka days after she claims he's 'the one' as they arrive at LAX airport Heiress was all smiles  Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed after photo shows her wearing a short-sleeve tee while co-stars pose in skin-baring halters  'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym Mom-of-five looks good Harry Potter star Evanna Lynch is worlds away from dippy Luna as she enjoys reunion with Weasley twins James and Oliver Phelps  Cheeky girl! Instagram model Skye Wheatley flaunts her famous derrière in a skimpy G-string as she poses for another raunchy belfie  Instagram star   'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife Mayte speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett in a series of tweets Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom on board a boat during St Barts vacation as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday As celebrities like Isla Fisher and Vanessa Hudgens step out donning the same outfits, FEMAIL rounds up the week's best fashion face-offs  Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  She has transformed her look in recent months 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls the moment he asked if 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Always busy mom Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Movie got rave reviews at Sundance festival Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' Broken back door  She'll put a spell on you! Stephanie Pratt parades her honed legs in sizzling emerald mini dress at Forbidden Forest launch in London Former Hills star     DON'T MISS Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her ongoing philanthropic efforts Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka Chilled out in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Legs for days! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their new drama Billions  'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie Big show in works Effortlessly sophisticated! Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe pants...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa Sophie Taylor, the Australian model pictured with Prince William on his ski holiday, hopes the attention 'relaunches her modelling career' Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation The 27-year-old flaunted her incredible body Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event 'My girl met my girl!' Hoda Kotb shares photo of Today co-host Kathie Lee Gifford cuddling adopted newborn tot Haley Joy during the pair's first meeting 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert at last moment due to 'extreme food poisoning after eating bad sushi'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London with fiance Dave Gardner 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mom Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with her daughter, Arabella, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum  David Beckham as you've never seen him before! Unrecognizable hunk sports gruesome rotting teeth and huge scar on his face on set of new King Arthur flick 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  He was a little starstruck There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand Visiting Phuket Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece swimsuit during day at the beach with son Titan, 2 John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris He'll be on tour in Europe in the fall Secret admirers? Kendall Jenner and her pal Cara Delevingne hold red roses as they party the night away in LA with their model buddy Lily Donaldson Ellie Goulding cozies up to rumored beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's daughters Sunday and Faith are spitting image of their famous mom as they stroll through Sydney Airport  What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates, who played Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp's mother in hit movie, dies at age 69 Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Actress gave closeup  A new royal military man! Handsome Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan follows in William and Harry's footsteps by enrolling at Sandhurst  'We will miss you': Katy Perry changes Twitter handle and pays tribute to 18-year-old fan who died in car accident The 32-year-old singer wrote touching message Bar Refaeli reveals she's pregnant with second child as she shows off baby bump... eight months after welcoming daughter Liv with husband Adi Ezra Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Kate's Brexit tour continues! Duchess of Cambridge to visit Luxembourg with Prince William in May as royals stage European charm offensive Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz get married as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Joy and heartbreak  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumor One Direction star Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout, 25, after a family dinner date at Mastro's Steakhouse in Beverly Hills Crown Princess Mary gives Queen Mathilde a sightseeing tour as they take boat trip with their husbands on day one of the Belgian royals' state visit to Denmark Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of $28m hotel Happened in 2013 What a year it's been! Ivanka Trump shares adorable photos of her sharing spaghetti with baby Theodore as he turns one  Another milestone  Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner look smitten in poppy field... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved French bulldog Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Joined by rapper Yoni Laham and other friends Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Wild child is known for her active love life 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but allegedly 'calmed down' when talk turned to money Off-duty beauty: Make-up free model Kate Moss, 43, keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a photo shoot in London 'Go with Guy Fieri here': Blake Shelton continues to mock show rival Adam Levine's blonde hair on The Voice Cooking up some competition She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging Bardot ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars Comedian Chris Kattan was eliminated Heath Ledger's 'blood-stained' shirt from Brokeback Mountain and James Bond's tuxedo go on sale in auction of Hollywood memorabilia  So it's on? Bachelorette alum Luke Pell cozies up to Danielle Lombard at event...after revealing they've been 'hanging out' 'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter feud Dissent in the ranks 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react excitedly on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal One very revealing role Nicole Kidman says  Keith Urban was shocked at her 'massive bruises' caused by physical Big Little Lies love scenes with Alexander Skarsgard  She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Recently filed for divorce 'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans admits that she shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Soap star spoke out Brooding boy! Hollywood hunk Brenton Thwaites rocks long locks in pensive photo-shoot, revealing his idol is fellow Australian Hugh Jackman Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Never fails to impress Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck sweater while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith Michael Jackson's business partners lose their bid to grab a share of his assets after judge rejects claim the star promised them a stake in his company  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Still legally married  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Standing out   Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Sprawling property extends over a majestic 10 acres She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball jersey emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars Showstopper  Burt Bacharach is being sued by a dog sitter who claims his Portuguese Water Dog bit off two of his fingers, requiring a skin graft from his groin  New dad Liam Payne, 23, cracks a joke about being on diaper duty after welcoming son... as girlfriend Cheryl, 33, 'hatches plan to conquer the mommy market' 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Legendary feud 'I dream of genie': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt as he leaves the gym in West Hollywood Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Certainly knows how to rock a jacket Christian Siriano designed custom two piece 'fairy tale' bridal look for OITNB star Samira Wiley...after she 'spent years in an orange jumpsuit'  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent Looked glamorous Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist What's she holding on to?  Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armor inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work The 20-year-old took video of his huge inking Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Who's judging? Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami... as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation Died on Christmas Day Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler New role for hunky actor Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Maria Sharapova wears ice pack on her ankle as she returns from tennis practice ahead of comeback from drugs ban Ready for return Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian Back to the future  Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Quality time  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood The two showed off their toned stomachs A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow... as a different character than the one she started out playing Will return for two episodes Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown with plunging neckline to receive honors at New York gala   Step aside, mom and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Arriving in style  Hell for leather! Rosario Dawson and Krysten Ritter dress in biker jackets as they film scenes for Marvel's The Defenders Matching outfits Blushing bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson stuns in dramatic blush-colored gown for a friend's wedding Actress' low cut gown stole the show Make it so! Calls for Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne Conway as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking like Trump's counselor  'I always dream of having another child, but I'm too old now': Nicole Kidman, 49, admits her desire to have another baby... but husband Keith Urban has told her 'no' Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is spotted jogging in California after she revealed she has to run three miles a day to deal with stress of divorce Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Hits such as Baby I've Got You 'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll All grown up! Eminem's 21-year-old daughter Hailie Scott stuns in new Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student in Michigan DWTS feud? Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Girardi calls out head judge Len Goodman after he rates her dance routine 'raunchy' Today's headlines Most Read Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $2,390 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at... Three storm chasers - including two Weather Channel contractors - are killed after their two cars collide at... Jacksonville high school upsets its students with patronizing prom flyer showing an appropriate dress with... New York Mayor De Blasio launches NYPD order to keep ICE agents off of school grounds as he aims to protect... EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting... Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger 'based on character from The Rook comics series'... House votes to wipe away the FCC's internet privacy protections which could lead to Internet providers being... Look who's back! Hillary attacks EVERYTHING Trump has done and takes Sean Spicer to task for demeaning... Who needs complicated Trumpcare? Republican congressman files bill to repeal Obamacare with a single... The War on Coal is over! President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental... 'I am being viciously attacked with lies and smears': Comedians turn Donald Trump's speeches into a whiny,... 'I'm a strong black woman, I cannot be intimidated': Congresswoman Maxine Waters slams Bill O'Reilly for... Spicer tells reporter 'with an agenda' to stop shaking her head after she asks about how the administration... Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and claims his boyfriend has... Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top... From fresh-faced youngster to hardened criminal covered in face tattoos: Increasingly sinister mugshots... Boy, 15, who pleaded guilty to shooting dead his sister, 12, and planning to set fire to his family's... Honor student, 18, who planned to bomb and shoot up her Maryland high school wrote of desire to be the first... Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and... Maryland cop shoots dead man who complained about a stolen bicycle before lunging with a knife at the... Florida man, 24, 'fatally stabs his roommate, 21, after she hugged him goodbye and told him she leaving to... 10 members of the Bonnano crime family - including 'Bald Chris', 'Pudgie' and 'The Jew' are indicted on... Teacher who kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student composed and performed a creepy love song to ANOTHER... 'If you don't want me to defend him, I will sit down and shut up': Aaron Hernandez's defense attorney erupts... EXCLUSIVE: Incredible tale of revenge and deception behind mother who left two suicide notes and jumped to... Georgia police search desperately for 28-year-old woman who disappeared with her three young children five... South Carolina police shot an unarmed black man 17 TIMES in the back and killed him as he ran away from... Drug cheat Maria Sharapova shows no remorse as doping ban comes to an end and even jokes that she used her... Woman, 19, was beaten and strangled to death during vicious attack by 'career criminal burglar' after she... MORE HEADLINES Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and discover their missing friend inside who had been swallowed whole after being crushed to death  Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and regular day-to-day brands... shame the neighbors don't appreciate it Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son, 23, with an AR-15 after they burst in to Oklahoma house wearing masks and carrying a knife  EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of best-selling book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of child abuse at the hands of 'cannibal tribesmen' ISIS 'cubs of the caliphate' hunt down prisoners before executing them at gunpoint in shocking new propaganda video White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because the style results from the 'oppression and exclusion' of people of color as the jewelry is increasingly seen as a form of 'cultural appropriation' Striking out! Auburn softball player gets into a shoving match with coach who dismissed her two older sisters from the team Thrown to his death then pelted with rocks by barbaric mob... all because he was gay: Terrifying final moments of young man sentenced to death by ISIS because of his sexuality Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and Harry Winston overcharge by 330% for 'identical' stones sold in Costco Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $2,390 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at the White House and President promises a deal on healthcare 'soon' From model to meth addict to model again: America's next top model contestant regains looks after finally ditching drugs Spicer tells reporter 'with an agenda' to stop shaking her head after she asks about how the administration can fix its Russia problem EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting dead three masked teenage intruders with an assault rifle and repeatedly asked police if they would survive EXCLUSIVE: Incredible tale of revenge and deception behind mother who left two suicide notes and jumped to her death 24 hours before she was set to appear in court for 'putting a hit on her ex-husband' Mother is so convinced that her eight-year-old son is the reincarnation of Lou Gehrig that she's written a book about it (and of course the film rights have been picked up already) Puerto Rico man jailed after he BIT the head off of his girlfriend's Chihuahua then punched her in the face The War on Coal is over! President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental regulations  SSSSSurprise! Giant cobra leaps out of a hole in front of a brave builder in terrifying footage  'With this ship, we’re capable of owning the night': Coast Guard brings in 16-ton haul of seized cocaine worth $420million after a massive drug operation in the eastern Pacific Five medics are fired after footage of them dancing around naked, unconscious patient awaiting surgery goes viral  Race faker Rachel Dolezal sparks fury as she claims to be 'transracial' during BBC interview  Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her maid POSSESSED and acting like the creature from horror film The Ring  Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she braves the New York cold to head into work Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with daughter, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum after being called out for Aspen ski holiday amid healthcare bill fiasco  EXCLUSIVE: No lipstick, no perfume - The wife of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen is placed in solitary and fed through a slot in the door as she awaits extradition to Florida, charged with aiding a terrorist  'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes I'm very thirssssty! Angry king cobra is given water from a bottle after drought forced it to enter Indian village in search of a drink  'We will fight': Mayors of sanctuary cities across the country fire back at Attorney General Sessions after he threatens to cut off their Justice Department grants worth billions Incredible moment a newborn baby girl BURIED ALIVE in a field in India is is rescued after a girl spots her feet sticking up through the dirt  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About Authors Contact Us Photo Gallery Topics News Area Arts and Leisure Business Education Events Opinion Commentary Politics Spirituality Sports Recent Articles NASA’s Juno Spacecraft makes Fifth Flyby of Jupiter APSU Softball plays at Memphis Tigers, Wednesday Clarksville Police announces Mock Crash Exercise to be held at Clarksville Academy Complex on Highway 48/13 Clarksville Police reports Bypass and Edmondson Ferry Road Closed to Clear Crash Trip to Middle Tennessee next for APSU Baseball Clarksville Police request help identifying Vehicle Burglary Suspects Clarksville Gas and Water announces Hawkins Road and Morgan Road Water Outage Planned for Wednesday Fort Campbell’s Blanchfield Army Community Hospital to hold Change of Responsibility Lorenzo Kamanda from Johnson City added to TBI’s Top 10 Most Wanted List Clarksville Parks and Recreation announces Clarksville’s Summer Youth Program registration starts April 3rd TBI arrests Two Clarksville Men in 2016 Cumberland City Murder Case Clarksville Gas and Water reports Water Outage on Hawkins Road and Morgan Road Fort Campbell’s Intrepid Spirit Center tackles Traumatic Brain Injuries Clarksville Gas and Water reports Low Water Pressure on Hawkins Road APSU to host 56th Mid-South Jazz Festival featuring Marquis Hill Blacktet April 1st LBL to hold Wool Week and Sheep Shearing at the Homeplace 1850s Farm NASA picks 10 Studies for future CubeSat missions AAA reports Gas Prices Rise in Florida, remain Steady in Georgia and Tennessee Downtown Clarksville Parking Rates to Increase April 1st Incoming APSU student Rebecca Armstrong awarded student leadership honor by American Spirit Awards Official Sites City of Clarksville, TN Clarksville Arts & Heritage Development Council Clarksville Department of Electricity Clarksville Gas and Water Department Clarksville Montgomery County School System Clarksville Police Department Clarksville, Montgomery County Economic Development Council Clarksville, TN Ordinances Clarksville-Montgomery County Public Library Fort Campbell, Ky Montgomery County Animal Control Montgomery County, Tennessee Montgomery County, Tennessee Sheriff's Office Parks after Dark « Older: Clarksville Gas and Water announces Hawkins Road and Morgan Road Water Outage Planned for Wednesday Newer: Trip to Middle Tennessee next for APSU Baseball » Clarksville Police request help identifying Vehicle Burglary Suspects March 28, 2017 | Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest   Clarksville, TN – Clarksville Police Department Detective Cunningham is trying to identify suspects involved in a vehicle burglary, which occurred on March 23rd, 2017 at the Clarksville Athletic Club. The suspects stole the victim’s debit/credit cards and made fraudulent purchases at Target, Walmart, Foot Locker, and Dillard’s. The suspects appear to be driving a black Cadillac Escalade. If anyone can identify the suspects in these photos, please call call Detective Cunningham at 931.648.0656 Ext 5195. Photographs of the suspects are shown above. If anyone can identify the suspects or has any information related to these incidents, please call Detective Cunningham at 931.648.0656 Ext 5195, or call the CrimeStoppers TIPS Hotline at 931.645.TIPS (8477). You can also go to the CrimeStoppers website at www.p3tips.com/591   SectionsNews TopicsCadillac Escalade, Clarksville Athletic Club, Clarksville Police, Clarksville Police Department, Clarksville TN, credit cards, Crimestoppers, Debit Card, Dillard's, Foot Locker, Target, Vehicle Burglary, Walmart Related Posts Clarksville Police request Public Assistance Identifying Vehicle Burglary Suspect Clarksville Police requests Public Assistance identifying Vehicle Burglary Suspect Clarksville Police request help identifying Vehicle Burglary Suspect Clarksville Police look to identify Theft, Fraud suspects Clarksville Police look to identify Waterford Landing Apartments Vehicle Burglary Suspects Comments You must be logged in to post a comment. Connect with Enter your WordPress.com blog URL http://.wordpress.com Proceed Personal Controls Log in Archives March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   2017: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2016: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2015: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2014: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2013: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2012: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2011: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2010: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2009: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2008: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2007: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2006: J F M A M J J A S O N D Local Community Ajax Turner Senior Citizens Center Clarksville Community Concert Association Clarksville Kiwanis Club Dunbar Cave State Natural Area Friends of Dunbar Cave Gateway Chamber Orchestra Leadership Clarksville Tennessee Alliance for Progress The Customs House Museum The Roxy Regional Theatre Affiliated Web Sites Bonehead Promotions Clarksville Sports Network Discover Clarksville Feeds Full Comments                 © 2006-2017 Clarksville, TN Online is owned and operated by residents of Clarksville Tennessee. » We are Hosted by Compu-Net Enterprises; In Partnership with Discover Clarksville and Discover Paris
null
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Woman scammed out of $50K in international scheme, cops say Print Email MaryAnn Spoto | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By MaryAnn Spoto | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 28, 2017 at 6:07 PM, updated March 28, 2017 at 8:40 PM comments HOWELL -- An alert Howell Township police officer helped uncover an international lottery scam that bilked an elderly Idaho woman out of $50,000 to help fund an online gambling website, authorities said Tuesday. In outlining the scam, police warned the public to be suspicious of calls, emails or any types of communication in which strangers ask for money or payments as in this case, where the victim didn't even know she was being robbed. The scam started to unfold nearly a year ago when on May 18 Patrolman David Levine stopped a car on Route 9 near Estelle Lane because the vehicle had tinted front windows, which are illegal in New Jersey,, said Howell Detective Sgt. Christian Antunez. Questioning the driver, Levine found him to be deceptive with his responses and he appeared to be under the influence of drugs, Antunez said. The driver also provided Levine with improper credentials for the car, he said. Because of the suspicion of drugs, Levine called for help from K9 Officer Nicholas Bondarew and his partner Jago. The dog gave indications of the presence of drugs in the car, Antunez said. In a search of the vehicle, the officers found $2,071 in cash and a handwritten $1,000 MoneyGram from Costa Rica made payable to the driver of the car, Antunez said. N.J. Lottery issues warning about scams promising prize money Initially, the driver gave conflicting stories about the money order but eventually told the officers they were "winnings' from an online gambling website, he said. Police seized the cash and the MoneyGram for the investigation, Antunez said. The investigation by Levine and Howell Detective Anthony Romano revealed that the MoneyGram was one of a batch of 10 totaling $9,800 issued at a Walmart store in Hayden, Idaho, Antunez said. In video surveillance footage from the store, police eventually learn that a 71-year-old woman, later identified to be the victim of the scam, bought the money orders. From store footage showing the woman's car, investigators with the help of FBI Special Agent Edward Jacobson in Coeur D'Alene Idaho were able to locate her, Antunez said. The woman told Jacobson that she was called by a man who identified himself as Special Agent Frank Anderson of the Department of Homeland Security and told her that she won a drawing in England, Antunez said. To claim her prize, the caller told the woman, she had to pre-pay the taxes on her winnings before receiving it, he said. The woman complied by buying about $50,000 in MoneyGrams over time and sent them where she was directed, sometimes to Costa Rica, Antunez said. Authorities later learned the money, stolen from unsuspecting victims, was used to pay winners of an online gambling website, he said. Police will return the $3,071 found in the car to the woman, who wasn't aware she was being scammed until she was contacted by investigators, Antunez said. The driver, who was not identified, was not charged because he was not implicated in a crime, he said. No one connected to the scam has been arrested so far, Antunez said. MaryAnn Spoto may be reached at mspoto@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @MaryAnnSpoto. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News E-edition Subscribe Sign in Daily Sun News Jump to content Home News Web exclusive Agriculture Briefs Business Education Government Local Police and Fire Local Links Sports High School Recreation Youth Opinion Editorials Polls Commentary Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Community Entertainment People Health & Fitness Home & Garden Religion Weddings & Engagements Obituaries and Births Obituaries & Death Notices Births Events Today's events Submit an event Media Photos Videos Galleries Our Valley Buy photos Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Special Sections Contact Us Subscribe E-edition Contact the Daily Sun Staff Listing News Tips Letter to the Editor Anniversary Engagement Wedding Upvote 0 Orozco fundraiser tops $3,000 mark Funeral service for toddler set for Wednesday By Julia Hart Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter GoFundMe Isabela Orozco was hit and killed by a pickup Saturday. The community is reaching out in support of baby Isabella Orozco’s family. As of press time, an online fundraiser, established to help cover funeral expenses, had cleared $3,390 of the $5,000 requested. The GoFundMe.com account was set up by Yesenia Sanchez, on behalf of the family and shared with more than 2,000 people on Facebook. The 19-month-old child was hit and killed by a pickup driven by a 68-year-old Prosser driver, police said, declining to release the name of the driver although traffic reports are public record. The fatal crash occurred in the Walmart parking lot, 2675 E. Lincoln Ave., Saturday afternoon. According to police reports, Orozco was struck after having ran away from her mother near the grocery store entrance of the store. The toddler ran into the path of the pickup, police said. Funeral services for the daughter of Dayanira Z. Dominguez and Carlos Neri Orozco of Sunnyside, will be at 1 p.m. Thursday. A visitation and viewing will be from 4-8 p.m. Wednesday, at Smith Funeral Home. The family was unavailable for comment. More like this story Toddler dies after being hit by pickup Isabella Orozco Child escapes serious harm in auto accident Toddler dies in accident Comments Comments are subject to moderator review and may not appear immediately on the site. Please read our commenting policy before posting. Any comment violating the site's commenting guidelines will be removed and the user could be banned from the site. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings CITY OF GRANDVIEW MABTON SCHOOL DISTRICT #120 REGISTERED NURSE Mobile version Tablet version Sunnyside Daily Sun News 600 S. 6th St., P.O. Box 878 Sunnyside, WA 98944 Ph. 509-837-4500 - Fax 509-837-6397 Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved.
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV O’Brien: Republicans’ health care disaster is… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Nuggets Gametracker Rockies’ rebuilt bullpen Flight For Life crash report Home prices surge Countdown to The Masters Spring storm Opinion Opinion Columnists Republicans’ health care disaster is already haunting their plans for tax reform Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Matt O'Brien | The Washington Post March 28, 2017 at 3:16 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular World’s biggest dinosaur footprint discovered in Australia’s own Jurassic Park Girl taken to hospital after attack on High Line Canal Trail Denver’s growth spurt slows down — a little — as the city’s population nears 700,000 Spring storm to bring rain, thunder, overnight snow to Denver area Police arrest suspect in hate crime vandalism of Islamic Center of Fort Collins Editorial: When “I alone can fix it” fails Evan Vucci, Associated PressTreasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens as President Donald Trump speaks during a Feb. 22 meeting on the federal budget at the White House. President Donald Trump is about two weeks away from discovering how complicated tax reform can be. Now, it was always going to be difficult, but, as we’ll get to in a minute, it got a lot more so after the GOP’s seven-year quest to repeal and replace Obamacare stalled not with a vote, but with another one of the Trump administration’s ritual rounds of recrimination. Indeed, at this point, Trump getting tax reform done looks about as likely as Trump University joining the Ivy League. Before we get to that, though, what’s the difference between a tax cut and tax reform? Easy: the first is just about reducing tax rates, while the second is about paying for reduced tax rates by closing tax loopholes. The problem, of course, is that one person’s tax break is another person’s tax essential, the kind of “essential” — such as deducting mortgage interest, or state and local taxes, or not having to pay anything on health insurance — that voters would rather have than a lower tax rate. That’s especially true of the industries whose entire business models are built on the assumption that these tax breaks will exist, like Realtors and developers and private equity managers. In other words, tax cuts are easy because everyone is a winner, but tax reform is hard because there are losers. But if Republicans want to permanently cut taxes for the rich, which they unquestionably do, then they’re going to have to do some kind of tax reform. That’s because they don’t have the 60 votes it would take to beat a filibuster in the Senate, so the only way they can get anything done is through what’s known as reconciliation. That’s the mechanism that lets them pass a budget-related bill with just a simple majority in the Senate, but it can only be used on legislation that doesn’t add to the deficit after a decade. Now, they can always use this to pass a tax cut that turns into a pumpkin after the clock hits 10 years — that’s why the Bush tax cuts were set to expire after a decade — but House Speaker Paul Ryan has bigger ambitions. He wants his tax cuts to be the fiscal equivalent of a diamond: forever. Which is why Republicans need to figure out how to pay for their tax cuts so they don’t lose any revenue. The question, though, is not lose any revenue compared to what? This is where repealing and replacing Obamacare would have helped them quite a bit. See, it’s not just that Republicans wanted to get rid of a lot of Obamacare’s Medicaid spending and health insurance subsidies. It’s also that they wanted to get rid of almost all the taxes that paid for all that. If they’d undone these $1 trillion worth of taxes before they’d done tax reform, that’s $1 trillion less that they would have needed to come up with to make it look like they weren’t losing money. Or, more to the point, another $1 trillion that they could have put toward slashing the top tax rate. So here’s the big picture. Republicans were already having trouble coming up with ways to pay for their tax cuts, but now they need to come up with $1 trillion more — and maybe $2 trillion. Why is that? Well, their “border-adjustment tax” (BAT) that was supposed to raise $1 trillion in new revenue didn’t take long to go from political gambit to political albatross. And it isn’t hard to see why. It would start taxing everything that American companies import, which is just another way of saying that every company that depends on imports, including big GOP donors like Koch Industries and Walmart, will be as opposed to it as can be. Sen. Tom Cotton, who’s from Walmart’s home state of Arkansas, has gone as far as calling the BAT something “so stupid only an intellectual could believe” it — and he’s a Republican! Even worse, his conservative colleagues David Perdue of Georgia and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina seem to agree, albeit in politer terms. The three of them alone likely have enough power to kill it in the Senate. These are savings that aren’t easily replaced. After all, are Republicans going to start taxing people’s health insurance benefits or their 401(k) contributions? Not a chance. What about stopping people from deducting their charitable donations and mortgage interest payments? Not that either. And they’re certainly not going to get rid of the preferential rate that people pay on capital gains. So if they’re not going to touch five of the biggest tax loopholes there are, how are they supposed to do tax reform? Eliminating the state and local tax deduction will only get them so far. The answer, in all likelihood, is they won’t. If they’re forced to choose between a tiny tax cut for the rich that never expires, and a bigger one for the rich that lasts 10 years, they’ll go for the bigger one every time. That’s not nearly as complicated. Matt O’Brien is a reporter for The Washington Post’s Wonkblog. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic. Follow him on Twitter: @ObsoleteDogma To send a letter to the editor about this article, submit online or check out our guidelines for how to submit by e-mail or mail. Tags:  American Health Care Act health insurance Republican Party taxes Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Opinion Columnists El-Erian: What Donald Trump and Paul Ryan can learn from Nelson Mandela March 28, 2017, 3:42 pm South Africa’s Nelson Mandela is, in my opinion, the best modern example of a leader who understood the hardest complexities of the transition from opposition to governing. Guest Commentary: How eliminating federal funding for public broadcasting would harm Colorado March 28, 2017, 2:01 pm Eliminating funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting would harm Colorado’s two public television stations’ ability to serve diverse communities across Colorado. Thiessen: The Freedom Caucus blew its chance to govern March 27, 2017, 4:33 pm Freedom Caucus members had a chance to repeal the individual and employer mandates, transform Medicaid, and end $1 trillion in Obamacare taxes. Instead, they chose to keep Obamacare intact. Parker: What last week told us about Donald Trump’s governing style March 27, 2017, 11:09 am In a week that felt like a month, Americans got a clear view of Donald Trump’s governing style and also of his fabled dealmaking approach. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Suburbs Post-Tribune Post-Tribune News Family, police looking for missing Portage girl, 16 Melissa Rhone Provied by Rhone family / Post-Tribune Melissa Rhone Melissa Rhone (Provied by Rhone family / Post-Tribune) Amy LavalleyPost-Tribune Privacy Policy Melissa Rhone left work at a Chesterton thrift shop at 6 p.m. on March 21 with a friend and hasn't been in contact with her family since then. The Portage teen's father, Mike Rhone, and aunt, Linda Rhone, are trying to piece together where she went and, more importantly, where she is now so they can find her and bring her home. "It's rough," said Mike Rhone. "It's hard to sleep, with everything else. And telling the story 100 times, it gets old." The family has been in contact with the Portage Police Department since the day after Melissa, 16, disappeared, and the department has assigned a detective to the case. "Right now we're still looking at everything so we can't really comment," said Detective Kurt Biggs. Mike Rhone said the owner of the thrift shop, a family acquaintance who lives nearby, saw Melissa get into her friend's car and had offered to give the teen a ride home. From what Mike Rhone and his sister, Linda Rhone of Gary, have been able to figure out, Melissa shut off her cellphone and deleted her Facebook account in the hours after she left work. They also believe her friend dropped her off behind the Portage Wal-Mart, possibly to meet a boy, and at some point Melissa got $20 from a male acquaintance, they said. Mike Rhone said he checked with Melissa's cellphone service provider and there have been no calls, texts or other activity on the phone since about an hour after her friend picked her up from work. The day Melissa, a freshman at Portage High School, disappeared, Mike Rhone said he and his daughter got into a fight about something she posted on Facebook. She was supposed to get a ride home from her boss after work, he said, and face the consequences from their disagreement. "She's been mad at me before," Mike Rhone said, but she hasn't run off, though when she was 13 and living with her mom in Rockport, she ran away for a day but was found by that night. The family hopes that, with the help of the police and social media, they can locate Melissa and bring her home safely. "It's just a scary thought not knowing where she's at," Linda Rhone said. "It would be one thing if we knew she was mad and at a friend's (house)." Mike Rhone said Melissa is 5 feet 2 inches or 5 feet 3 inches tall; weighs 115 to 120 pounds; has nose and navel rings; and blonde hair and blue eyes. Anyone who knows of Melissa's whereabouts can contact Biggs at 219-764-5675. Amy Lavalley is a freelance reporter for the Post-Tribune. Copyright © 2017, Post-Tribune Obama Presidential Center architects speak at DuSable Museum Vallas not chosen for leadership of Chicago State University Muslim and Jewish women's group gathers for art Sports Breaking RedEye Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 36°
41°FOvercastFull Forecast Subscribe to Bureau County Republican News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Have fun! No foolin' Plenty of fun, food and great auction items at the Princeton Rotary Auction Published: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 3:37 p.m. CDT • Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 3:41 p.m. CDT Caption(BCR photo/Goldie Rapp) Rotarians Roxana Noble (seated, left), Judson Lusher, Steve Bouslog (standing, from left), Tim Kunkel and Jeff Martin are pictured with just a few of the items that will be auctioned off at the Princeton Rotary Auction on Saturday, April 1. By Terri Simon - tsimon@bcrnews.com PRINCETON — While one can plan on lots of food and fun, the Princeton Rotary Club promises no April Fool’s tricks during its annual auction set for this coming weekend. The annual Princeton Rotary Auction is set for Saturday, April 1, at The Galleria, located at 1659 N. Main St. in Princeton. The doors open at 5:30 p.m., and the festivities begin at 6:30 p.m. Tickets cost $25, and all proceeds from the event go to community betterment. Event-goers can expect lots of food — complimentary hors d’oeuvres and drinks; plenty of fun; and lots of fast-paced bidding on a variety of auction items. There will be a live auction and a silent auction. To date, there are 56 live auction items and 39 silent auction items. Tom and Mary Tumbleson are the auctioneers. The Rotary will also conduct a 52-card raffle that evening, where event-goers can buy a card(s) for a chance to win a 55-inch Samsung Smart TV, donated by Walmart of Princeton. Cards for that raffle are $20, and you must be present to win. The TV retails for approximately $700. Tickets for the 2017 Princeton Rotary Cash Raffle will also be available. Tickets are $10 each or three tickets for $20. First prize is $1,000; second prize is $500; and third prize is $250. You do not need to be present to win for the cash raffle. Tickets are available by calling Steve Bouslog at 815-915-8646 or Rex Lasson at 815-878-7399. Tickets will also be available at the door. Comment on this story at www.bcrnews.com. Are you ready to bid on these? Here's a partial list of some of the auction items that will be featured at the Princeton Rotary Club's live auction: • A picturesque winter scene photographed by local photographer Mike Vaughn, professionally matted and framed. Donated by First State Bank. • A dinner party for eight people in your home. Chef Tim or Chef Sara and their crew from Peru Hy-Vee will take care of preparing and clean-up in your own kitchen while you enjoy a custom five course dinner, including international cheeses, wine or craft beer pairings. Donated by Hy-Vee of Peru. • A fine dining package with $50 gift certificates donated by Verucci's of Spring Valley, Mark Alien's of Peru, Bartley's of LaSalle, Uptown Bar & Grill of LaSalle, and Lone Buffalo and Tangled Roots Brewing Co. of Ottawa. • Cubs or Cardinals decorative wooden sign. Donated by Schmedic Woodworking of Sheffield. • 66 gallons of gas. Donated by Beck's West. • An Apple watch. Donated by the Princeton Chamber of Commerce and the Princeton Rotary Club. • An outdoor double glider. Donated by Flowers by Julia. • Breakfast with the Princeton Fire Department. Custom breakfast for 10 at the Princeton Fire Department. Includes a tour of the station. Donated by the Princeton Fire Department. • "Rent" at the Adler Theater. Tickets for four. Includes dinner and the show, "Rent." Donated by Midland States Bank. • Eagle Ridge Resort and Spa. A $500 gift certificate to apply toward your favorite activities at this resort/spa in Galena. Donated by Heartland Bank. • Diamond cluster pendant: 14K white gold diamond !8-inch diamond pendant. Diamonds weigh 1/3 carat total weight. Pendant includes a 14K white gold 18-inch rope chain. Donated by Bruce Jewelers. • A backyard fire pit. All material and labor included for your own backyard fire pit. Donated by Josh Schnaiter of Prairie Nursery. • Master Cook Grill for backyard grilling. A stainless grill with five main burners, one side burner and one sear burner with slide-out cover. Donated by Princeton Rotary. • An Exclusive! Enjoy a gourmet catered dining experience from your custom-selected menu in your home for up to 12 people. Food prepared and catered to your home by 4&20 Cafe. Professional actors/actresses from Festival 56 will serve the meal (singing and dancing may be included). Donated by 4&20 Cafe, Festival 56 and Princeton Rotary. • Cubs vs. Brewers. A Rotary Road Trip to Miller Park. Includes four game tickets for Cubs/Brewers game on July 29 and four tickets to a fully catered tailgate party, hosted by the Rotary Club of North Chicago, and a parking pass. Donated by Birney Brown and Beth Peacock. • And much, much more. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page| Comments Get breaking news and weather sent to your phone. Sign up for bcralerts! More News Trump wants to cut Amtrak's long-distance routesMarch 28, 2017 - 4:39 pm Rockin' the RunwayMarch 28, 2017 - 4:39 pm Have fun! No foolin'March 28, 2017 - 3:41 pm On the Record (Kirk Haring)March 28, 2017 - 3:47 pm Spring Valley to join mutual aid response organizationMarch 28, 2017 - 4:40 pm First Person (Sarah Cook)March 28, 2017 - 3:48 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2017 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Affidavit: Blood spatter, burn barrel all part of Fayette Co man - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Affidavit: Blood spatter, burn barrel all part of Fayette Co man's brutal murder 2017-03-28T20:29:22Z2017-03-29T03:03:20Z By Amelia Carlson Email Connect acarlson@wmctv.com Ellis Vogt (left) went missing and his body was later found on the side of the road. Pamela Bingham (right) is charged with second-degree murder (SOURCE: Fayette Co. Sheriff's Office) Pamela Bingham is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Ellis Vogt (SOURCE: Fayette Co. sheriff) Also on WMCTV.COMMore>> Residents shocked after remains found in Fayette County identified as missing man Residents shocked after remains found in Fayette County identified as missing man Updated: Tuesday, February 28 2017 7:53 AM EST2017-02-28 12:53:04 GMT (SOURCE: Fayette County Sheriff) Fayette County Sheriff's Office confirmed the remains discovered at the beginning of this month along Highway 64 belong to Ellis Vogt, who was reported missing in August 2016. More >> Fayette County Sheriff's Office confirmed the remains discovered at the beginning of this month along Highway 64 belong to Ellis Vogt, who was reported missing in August 2016. More >> Possible human remains discovered by utility workers Possible human remains discovered by utility workers Updated: Friday, February 3 2017 8:01 AM EST2017-02-03 13:01:24 GMT (SOURCE: WBBJ) A utility crew uncovered possible human remains off Highway 64 near Laconia, according to the Fayette County Sheriff's Office.  More >> A utility crew uncovered possible human remains off Highway 64 near Laconia, according to the Fayette County Sheriff's Office. More >> Craigslist ad may have led to man's disappearance Craigslist ad may have led to man's disappearance Updated: Wednesday, August 3 2016 9:50 AM EDT2016-08-03 13:50:22 GMT Fayette County Sheriff's Office is searching for a missing man and woman.More >> Fayette County Sheriff's Office is searching for a missing man and woman.More >> FAYETTE COUNTY, TN (WMC) - A woman faces second-degree murder charges after investigators said she is responsible for the death of a Fayette County man. The affidavit details the brutal murder of the man for whom she was hired to provide care. Ellis Vogt was reported missing by family members on July 29, 2016. His body was later discovered on February 2 by utility workers in the 22600 block of Highway 64 in Fayette County, near Laconia.  According to the affidavit, a butcher knife, which matched a butcher’s block and other knives from Vogt’s home, was located in the area where his body was found. "He had to go to the hospital quite often. He has problems," Danny Cates said. "Other than that, I don't know why anybody would do something like that." Cates is an acquaintance of Ellis Vogt and is like many others in the area and does not understand how something like this happened. "It's scary. You got to watch and pray all the time 'cause you don't know what you're getting into," Fayette County resident Geraldine Henderson said. Investigators arrested and charged Pamela Jane Bingham with second-degree murder in Vogt's death.  Investigators said they discovered a burn barrel still smoldering outside Vogt's home. They also discovered blood-soaked towels, a DVR recording device for the surveillance system, and a crowbar. Inside Vogt's home, investigators noted that his bedroom was in disarray. It had been ransacked; clothing and papers covered the floor. Blood spatter was discovered on the headboard of the bed, the ceiling, and the wall.  Surveillance video captured Bingham in the Walmart parking lot of Oakland, Tennessee on July 30, 2016, the day after Vogt was reported missing. The video shows Bingham making purchases inside the Walmart, but does not show that Vogt was with her.  Bingham was later discovered on August 3, 2016 in Vogt's van in Guymon, Oklahoma. At that time, she was arrested for theft over $10,000. This isn't Bingham's first run in with law enforcement.  Bingham was arrested in 2015 in Centralia, Kansas on a warrant for possession of meth, marijuana, and drug paraphernalia.  Bingham is being held on a $2 million bond. Her next court appearance is Thursday. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> 69-year-old man with dementia missing, last seen at a business 69-year-old man with dementia missing, last seen at a business Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:24 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:24:29 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A 69-year-old man suffering from dementia is missing, according to Memphis Police Department.  More >> A 69-year-old man suffering from dementia is missing, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Affidavit: Blood spatter, burn barrel all part of Fayette Co man's brutal murder Affidavit: Blood spatter, burn barrel all part of Fayette Co man's brutal murder Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:03 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:03:20 GMT A woman faces second-degree murder charges after investigators said she is responsible for the death of a Fayette County man. The affidavit details the brutal murder of the man for whom she was hired to provide care. More >> A woman faces second-degree murder charges after investigators said she is responsible for the death of a Fayette County man. The affidavit details the brutal murder of the man for whom she was hired to provide care.More >> Millington police officer injured while arresting suspect Millington police officer injured while arresting suspect Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:37 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:37:55 GMT A Millington police officer was injured Tuesday night while arresting a shoplifting suspect. More >> A Millington police officer was injured Tuesday night while arresting a shoplifting suspect. More >> Teacher assistant fired after details of his past surface Teacher assistant fired after details of his past surface Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:20 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:20:18 GMT A Memphis charter school fired a teacher assistant after learning details about his work history.More >> A Memphis charter school fired a teacher assistant after learning details about his work history.More >> Neighbors concerned drone flying around their home is connected to sex offender Neighbors concerned drone flying around their home is connected to sex offender Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:19 PM EDT2017-03-29 02:19:34 GMT Neighbors in Bartlett are concerned that a sex offender was flying a drone close to their house (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Bartlett neighbors said they discovered a drone hovering in their backyard. More >> Bartlett neighbors said they discovered a drone hovering in their backyard. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Fisherman's shark encounter: 'I freaked out when I looked into the huge black eye' Fisherman's shark encounter: 'I freaked out when I looked into the huge black eye' Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:36 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:36:20 GMT Jannick Schroder and his friends were bottom fishing off the Wrightsville Beach coast earlier this month when they encountered, not one, but two sharks.More >> Jannick Schroder and his friends were bottom fishing off the Wrightsville Beach coast earlier this month when they encountered, not one, but two sharks.More >> Breaking DPS identifies 3 stormchasers killed in crash near Spur, TX DPS identifies 3 stormchasers killed in crash near Spur, TX Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 9:48 PM EDT2017-03-29 01:48:14 GMT Troopers with the Department of Public Safety and deputies with the Dickens County Sheriff's Office were called to the scene of a fatal crash near Spur, TX.  More >> Troopers with the Department of Public Safety and deputies with the Dickens County Sheriff's Office were called to the scene of a fatal crash near Spur, TX. More >> UPDATE: CPD releases statement about Five Points assault captured on video UPDATE: CPD releases statement about Five Points assault captured on video Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 8:22 PM EDT2017-03-29 00:22:15 GMT A still image taken from video of the incident. (Source: Justin Bamberg) A University of South Carolina student wants action after he says he was viciously attacked outside a Five Points bar St. Patrick's Day weekend. More >> A University of South Carolina student wants action after he says he was viciously attacked outside a Five Points bar St. Patrick's Day weekend.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion » Shop Talk Last Modified: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 11 36 AM IST Why less is more Given our stressful and busy urban lives, offering more options to consumers may just lead to confusion, making shopping an ordeal instead of a pleasure Subscribe to our newsletter. Sapna Agarwal Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint I am not a big fan of shopping at D-Mart. Don’t get me wrong—it’s not that I dislike it. I like to buy my fresh fruits and vegetables at the farmers’ market on Sunday at a park close to where I live in Juhu. They also sell staples, organic honey, preserves and cookies. I enjoy the interaction with the farmers, the experience and discovery. To me retail is not just about value for money, functionality and utility, it’s also about theatre, experience and discovery. Unlike me, millions of consumers in western India love shopping at D-Mart. The fact that the no-frills discount retail chain’s parent Avenue Supermarts Ltd listed on 21 March with a 115% premium to its sale price is testimony to that. To be sure, it’s not without reason that investors drove up the stock so steeply. The regional chain is India’s most profitable retailer. Over 90% of D-Mart’s customers are regular shoppers who buy from the retailer 2-3 times a month on average. This is despite having no loyalty programme. What seems to be working for D-Mart is offering limited merchandise at prices lower than its rivals. If Future Retail’s large format stores like Big Bazaar stock 30,0000-50,000 units on average, a D-Mart store stocks just 40-50% of that merchandise. Most of this seems to defy logic. After all, over the years, we have been getting used to increased choices. Today, there are around 141 models of passenger vehicles from 15 car manufacturers on Indian roads. This is without taking into consideration luxury car models such as BMW, Audi and Mercedes. In the early 1990s, there were just four passenger car manufacturers with about a dozen car models, which included Hindustan’s Ambassador and Contessa, Premier Padmini, Standard Herald and 2000, the Maruti 800, Omni and Gypsy, and a range of Mahindra utility vehicles. A search for soap on online retailer Amazon.com Inc.’s India website shows up 324,992 results whereas a search for shampoo produces 17,028 results. A huge change from 30-40 years ago when bath soaps were dominated by the red Lifebuoy, pink Lux, Liril and Cinthol soaps and hair wash options were largely Shikakai soap, Halo and Sunsilk shampoo. However, too much is not always a good thing. Especially given our stressful and busy urban lives, offering more options to consumers may just lead to confusion, making shopping an ordeal instead of a pleasure. Psychologists Sheena Iyengar and Mark Lepper said that consumers who are offered fewer choices are more likely to purchase, based on an experiment that they conducted with jam at an upscale food market in a landmark study in 2000. The psychologists put up a display of 24 varieties of gourmet jam on one table one evening and on another day, shoppers saw a similar table, except that only six varieties of the jam were on display. The large display attracted more interest than the small one. But when the time came to purchase, people who saw the large display were one-tenth as likely to buy as people who saw the small display. In his provocative book, The Paradox of Choice, Barry Schwartz warns that giving consumers more product choices actually lowers their purchase satisfaction. Schwartz reasons that having too many options makes us fear missing out, which causes anxiety, analysis paralysis and regret. Globally, some of the biggest success stories in food retailing in recent years are not that of US retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. or UK retailer Tesco Plc. They are of the international expansion of German no-frills retail chains Aldi and Lidl, founded in 1946 and 1973, respectively. Aldi and Lidl only offer between 2,000 and 3,000 lines. In comparison an average Walmart store has 100,000 products and an average retailer 45,000 items. It’s not only in retail. Look at some of the most successful brands—Tesla Inc., Apple Inc. and Google’s home page. What stands out is the simplicity of design, a clean interface, and no clutter. Among large retailers and manufacturers, the shift towards simplicity and offering less choice has already started happening. In 2015, Tesco announced cutting its range on its retail shelves by a third. Walmart reduced its average number of store displays by 15%. Even Procter and Gamble reduced its range of Head and Shoulders shampoos by nearly half—and ended up seeing a 10% bump in sales. Interestingly, for India, the journey from having no choices to having a plethora of choices, and now to preferring our choices curated for us has happened in a very short time frame of 25-26 years. It was only in 1991 that India opened its doors to multinationals and we saw our markets being flooded by foreign manufacturers like The Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. The lessons, though, are crystal clear. D-Mart, even though much smaller in size, on listing, had a market capitalization of Rs39,916.44 crore, more than the aggregate of all of its key listed national rivals including Future Retail Ltd, Shoppers Stop Ltd and Trent Ltd. Shop Talk will take a weekly look at consumer trends, behaviour and insights. Sapna Agarwal Topics: India retail sector retail chains D-Mart Big Bazaar More From Livemint READ MORE GST debate in Lok Sabha: Five things to watch for Prasar Bharati looks to rake in Rs100 crore from Doordarshan’s prime time programming slot auction MCD polls: Delhi HC dismisses Swaraj India’s plea for common symbol First Published: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 01 12 AM IST Editor's Picks Revised GST legislation may pinch working capital of industries Airtel’s Bharti Infratel stake sale: KKR, CPPIB part of bigger agreement? How RBI’s Monetary Policy Committee has been thinking Latest News GST debate in Lok Sabha: Five things to watch for Prasar Bharati looks to rake in Rs100 crore from Doordarshan’s prime time programming slot auction MCD polls: Delhi HC dismisses Swaraj India’s plea for common symbol Facebook fires another salvo at Snapchat with Stories ‘Beauty and the Beast’ beats week’s Hindi releases Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Amazon Launches Pickup Grocery Location In Seattle Amazon Launches Pickup Grocery Location In Seattle Duration: 00:30s - Published: 14 hours ago< > Embed An AmazonFresh Pickup brick-and-mortar grocery store has been launched by Amazon in Seattle. The company is still trying to advance its position in the billion dollar grocery market that's dominated by retail giants like Target and Wal-Mart. The AmazonFresh Pickup store is only open to employees for now who are enrolled in the Prime membership service. Amazon Prime members can place their orders online and pick them up at a scheduled time. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Amazon launches store-pick grocery service in Seattlecom Inc launched AmazonFresh Pickup at its brick-and-mortar grocery store in Seattle, as the online... DNA 15 hours ago - ScienceAlso reported by •Wall Street Journal •FT.com •Seattle Times Amazon now delivers groceries straight to your trunk in 15 minutesAmazon’s latest experiment in retailing will see the company deliver groceries to your vehicle at a... The Next Web 2 hours ago - Internet Amazon opens AmazonFresh pickup sites (but probably not for you, yet)Amazon.com Inc. at long last announced the launch of its latest brick-and-mortar retail store for... bizjournals 12 hours ago - Business Amazon takes on supermarkets with drive-through grocery pickupOver the last couple of decades, Amazon has slowly conquered the online retail space. The... engadget 15 hours ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Seattle Times You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Devin Nunes Xavier Becerra Vladimir Putin Current Topics Planned Parenthood Washington Argentina Climate Change Independence Referendum Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Power Rangers Has Super Mario Run Out Of Steam? Are We Alone In The Universe? Let's Ask an Astronaut MOVIE REVIEW: CHiPS Google Devices Set To Tackle Battery Life Head-On - But Will It Work? There's an Amazing Solar Eclipse Coming - And Here's How You Can See It On U.S. Soil Is Samsung's Next Smartphone a PC In Disguise? Nintendo's Finally Figured Out Switch's Technical Problems - But Is It What Fans Want To Hear? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
WED, MAR 29, 2017 | 0 °C Clear Full Text Archive Newsletter Signup Events - Submit Now Blogs Submit a Story Wellness Brooke Henderson Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Local Ads Hot Topics Apartment Rentals Print Editions Photo Galleries Walk-in Clinics Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 8 hours ago 'Natural' cream for skin conditions recalled Health Canada issues warning about ingredients in a skin care product Latest News SEE MORE Barge leak in Picton Bay prompts water emergency Ontario to start new regulator for home builders National Grid proposes 1,200-megawatt New England project Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 1 hour ago Wizards beat Lakers 119-108 to clinch division title Wizards beat Lakers 119-108 to clinch division title Latest Sports SEE MORE Tuesday's Games NBA Capsules Blazers beat Nuggets to take 1-game lead for 8th seed Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 4 hours ago Noah Cyrus: Braison is the best singer in our family Noah Cyrus - the younger sister of Miley Cyrus - has said her brother... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Mila Kunis: I'm lucky my kids get along Stories behind Sarah McLachlan's 'Surfacing' James Blunt: Carrie Fisher was a special woman Blogs Cartoon Columns Columnists Editorial Letters Mar 27, 2017 Feathered kickboxers are now on stage On my way home last Wednesday I drove by a large field and through the... Cartoon - NEASE - Brooke VIEW MORE OPINION Bridal Carleton Place Downtowner Emergency Preparedness Environment International Women's Day North Grenville Tourism Guide Perth Chamber Progress Visitor Guide Canada 150 Family Home & Garden Money Matters Wellness 7 hours ago California ignores Trump, moves forward with emissions targets The California Air Resources Board (CARB) finalized 2022-2025 emissions... Community Stories SEE MORE Top 10 best Cars for tall drivers in 2017: Consumer Reports Remembering Miley April 1 in Renfrew Not only kilts, but spirits will be a flyin’ at Perth Kilt Run Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals How bringing your kids to Ottawa can make your trip even more fun Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood 8 best summer weekend getaways from the city Home Community Remembering Miley April 1 in Renfrew | 12 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Remembering Miley April 1 in Renfrew Dance April 1 Ellen Lucas and Miley the Therapy Dog, a dance is set for April 1 for Miley who recently died. next play/pause pre Renfrew Mercury By Tiffany Lepack A Celebration of Life Benefit Dance in memory of Miley the Therapy Dog is set for Saturday, April 1 from 8 p.m. to 1 a.m. at the Renfrew Legion (30 Raglan St. South). The beloved therapy dog died in December and will be missed for her many visits and attending community events. The dance will feature music from Fullstream, door prizes and a 50/50 draw. Tickets cost $5, which will help support the Renfrew County Therapy Dog Unit bring comfort and love to the Ottawa Valley. Tickets can be purchased at the Renfrew legion, CNIB Lottery at Renfrew Walmart, Brad’s Taxi, Pembroke St. John Ambulance and at the door. For more information contact Ellen Lucas: 613-312-0165 or lucasellen@hotmail.com . Tiffany Lepack is a reporter with the Renfrew Mercury. She can be reached at tlepack@metroland.com. Follow her on Twitter and Facebook. | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Sports Renfrew’s Birthplace NHA/NHL Museum included in exhibit at Canadian Museum of History Snapshot News Charity tournament fishes for new location in Smiths Falls Snapshot News Town of Renfrew launches Canada 150 gear and party plans Snapshot Community Remembering Miley April 1 in Renfrew Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos National Research Council of Canada Trudeau says ISIL mission, Keystone came up in chat with Obama Photo Gallery Renfrew launches Canada 150 gear Photo Gallery Garage fire Saturday The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Another entrepreneurial darling for Smiths Falls? Carleton Place man charged after search warrant at residence Abbott/Lombard intersection study reveals potential changes for Smiths Falls Ring ring ring, new telephone service on the way Attorney general visits Perth courthouse, hears concerns In Your Neighbourhood Today Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Work because you want to, not because you have to Isn’t that the dream? Well, it’s totally possible and Jonathan Chevreau will show you how. CFO of... Put your home's comfort level to the test with an online audit You've probably heard the term "home energy audit" many times, but what exactly does it mean? If... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... How much of your investment returns do you really keep? How much of your investment returns do you really keep? Here's why every investor needs to know... Why everyone should own a custom tailored suit In a world full of fast fashion and flash-in-the-pan trends, everyone should have at least a few... Destinations to enjoy and lodge at during Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations It's not every year that a country celebrates a huge milestone like turning 150 years old. To mark... Creating unique spaces in a studio apartment without creating big expenses Small living spaces do not mean you can't create multiple rooms that exist on their own. You can... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... The perfect recipe for a family gathering Anniversaries tend to bring people together, especially when it's a big milestone — and Catelli... Bedroom designs that are trending in 2017 When moving into a rental unit you might feel limited in terms of what you can do to your bedroom... Canadians don't have a saving problem – they have a fee problem, pt. 1 Bold statement, Nest Wealth. Ya. It is. Let's talk about it. It can feel like everywhere you... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE COMMUNITY Not only kilts, but spirits will be a flyin’ at Perth Kilt Run No cost dental hygiene services offered at Smile Sensations Indigenous artifacts opening ceremony in Tay Valley Township draws large crowd Emily’s Fund benefit concert at Perth's Farrell Hall raises over $11,000 for epilepsy society Spring Home and Fashion Show set for Carleton Place arena April 7-9 PreviousNext Not only kilts, but spirits will be a flyin’ at Perth Kilt Run Top 10 best Cars for tall drivers in 2017: Consumer Reports Ottawa Valley Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBelleville.com InsideBrockville.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Hostess with the mostess! Melania and Trump all smiles as they entertain senators at the White House and President promises healthcare deal 'soon' - but Kellyanne and Cruz don't look happy Three storm chasers - including two Weather Channel contractors - are killed after their two cars collide at high speed at an intersection while they were following a tornado in Texas Jacksonville high school upsets its students with patronizing prom flyer showing an appropriate dress with the caption 'GOOD GIRL' New York Mayor De Blasio launches NYPD order to keep ICE agents off of school grounds as he aims to protect sanctuary status EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting dead three masked teenage intruders with an assault rifle and repeatedly asked police if they would survive Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger is 'based on a character from a comic book series' new lawsuit claims House votes to wipe away the FCC's internet privacy protections which could lead to internet providers being allowed to sell customer information Look who's back! Hillary attacks EVERYTHING Trump has done and takes Sean Spicer to task for demeaning female reporter in her first major speech since losing the election Who needs complicated Trumpcare? Republican congressman files bill to repeal Obamacare with a single sentence  The 'War on Coal' is over: President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental regulations  'I am being viciously attacked with lies and smears': Comedians turn Donald Trump's speeches into a whiny, angsty '00s-style emo song - and it's quickly become Twitter's favorite new tune 'I'm a strong black woman, I cannot be intimidated': Congresswoman Maxine Waters slams Bill O'Reilly for mocking her 'James Brown' hair 'If Trump uses Russian salad dressing somehow that's a Russian connection': Sean Spicer is criticized for giving reporter 'with an agenda' both barrels and telling her 'stop shaking your head' during his answer Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and claims his boyfriend has turned to opiates because he has been so stressed by the Left's rhetoric Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and regular brands... shame the neighbors don't appreciate it From fresh-faced youngster to hardened criminal covered in face tattoos: Increasingly sinister mugshots chart the plight of Texas Tango Blast gang member Boy, 15, who pleaded guilty to shooting dead his sister, 12, and planning to set fire to his family's Missouri home is sentenced to 25 years in prison Honor student, 18, who planned to bomb and shoot up her Maryland high school wrote of desire to be the first female mass shooter and analyzed past school shootings in her diary Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and Harry Winston overcharge by 330% for 'identical' stones sold in Costco Maryland cop shoots dead man who complained about a stolen bicycle before lunging with a knife at the officer taking the report Florida man, 24, 'fatally stabs his roommate, 21, after she hugged him goodbye and told him she leaving to move in with her boyfriend' 10 members of the Bonnano crime family - including 'Bald Chris', 'Pudgie' and 'The Jew' are indicted on $26million racketeering charge and are set to lose their palatial homes  Teacher who kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student composed and performed a creepy love song to ANOTHER student years ago  'If you don't want me to defend him, I will sit down and shut up': Aaron Hernandez's defense attorney erupts in court as former Patriot's fiancee watches Previous Next 'This is not a romance': Investigators hit out at victim-blaming attacks on 15-year-old girl who is on run with her former teacher as they reveal the pair could already be in Mexico  Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13 Investigators have received 1,100 tips so far, but there were no credible sightings  One tip called in last week placed the pair in Corpus Christi, Texas, and police in Mexico and Central America have been notified as a precaution  Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says Cummins could be masquerading as a missionary in rural Mexico   Cummins and Thomas left romantic and sexually charged email drafts to each other on a school computer at Culleoka School, it has been revealed   By Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com Published: 14:57 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 17:28 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail 1 View comments Two weeks into an intense search for 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas and her former teacher, Tad Cummins, law enforcement officials reiterated that what they are dealing with in this case is not a romance, but a kidnapping. During a press conference on Tuesday morning, officials with the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation told reporters they have received 1,100 tips so far, but there have been no credible sightings of the runaway pair Officials suggested there is a possibility that Cummins and Thomas have crossed the border into Mexico where the former teacher, who is said to be well versed in the Bible, could be masquerading as a missionary in the rural countryside. Scroll down for video  Not a romance: Officials in Tennessee say the case of Elizabeth Thomas, 15, (left) and her former teacher, Tad Cummins, 50 (right), is not a 'romance' or a 'fairy tale,' but a kidnapping To that end, authorities in Tennessee have shared the Amber Alert information with their counterparts south of the border, although they have no information confirming that the pair are in Mexico. During the news conference Tuesday morning, multiple law enforcement officials urged the media and the public to keep in mind that Elizabeth Thomas is a victim. ‘Some have characterized this relationship as a romance, but this morning, I want to caution the public to avoid anything that might look or sound like-victim blaming,’ TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. ‘Let me be very clear this morning: she is 15, a child, he is 50, a grown man,’ Gwyn went on to say. ‘She's a high school freshman, he's a former teacher. ‘This is and was not a romance, this was a manipulation solely to benefit Tad Cummins. This is not a fairy tale, this is a case of kidnapping, and we remain gravely concerned for the well-being of this young girl.’ A reported sighting of the pair was made in Corpus Christi, Texas, last week. Police could not confirm it, but investigators have notified police in Mexico and Central America  Gwyn noted, ‘Right now, Elizabeth may not realize she's a victim, but she is.’ The head of the TBI then addressed Tad Cummins directly, urging him to do the right thing and bring Elizabeth home to her family and friends.  TBI spokesperson John DeVine urged the public to be on the lookout for the missing duo and contact police right away in the event of a sighting.  'It takes just one lead, one tip, one person seeing them to turn this thing around,' he said.  Officials previously said that Cummins and Thomas could be 'anywhere' since they vanished from the town of Columbia on March 13. While TBI received a tip last week that the two were spotted in Corpus Christi, Texas - just 150 miles away from the border - police were unable to confirm the sighting. With dwindling leads as to where the couple could be, investigators are taking precautionary measures and considering the possibility that they may have left the country. Family members have pleaded for Cummins to bring Thomas home after it was discovered that the two had been sending love letters to one another by writing draft emails on a shared classroom computer at Culleoka School.    Cummins and Thomas left love notes for each other on his classroom computer at Culleoka School before vanishing. The pair are pictured in the classroom, above, in January The TBI issued a statement saying: 'We have not requested an AMBER Alert be issued in Mexico or Central America.  'We have, through the FBI, shared with law enforcement in Mexico and Central America, relevant information about the case, to include identifying information about both individuals.  'This is, however, in the name of due diligence. We have no specific information Tad Cummins took Elizabeth Thomas across the Border.' Cummins' wife Jill spoke with NBC News on Monday and urged her husband to turn himself in, saying: 'You know you can't hide forever. For your sake and for Beth's sake, please go to the police or please just drop Beth off somewhere safe.' She also said 'nobody understands the pain and shock I am in now.'  'For your sake and for Beth's sake, please go to the police or please just drop Beth off somewhere safe,' said Cummins' wife Jill in a separate interview Meanwhile, Thomas' sister shared shocking new claims about the girl's relationship with her teacher in an emotional interview withGood Morning America. Sarah Thomas fought back tears as she revealed that Tad Cummins, 50, had begun showing up unannounced at her sister's work shortly before the pair disappeared together. His last visit had come just two days before the girl's abduction, she said. 'She would go and tell people to tell him she wasn't there and she would go and hide until he left,' explained Sarah Thomas. 'She thought it was the only way. She felt uncomfortable.'  Elizabeth's family is still holding out hope that they will see the girl again, and are begging any person who might have information to reach out and contact authorities.  'It feels like she just vanished, and I know that's impossible, someone had to see her,' said the victim's sister Sarah. Thomas' sister (Sarah above) said that her teacher Tad Cummins, 50, had been showing up at her work unannounced. Pictured right, the teen's father Sarah Thomas said her sister would tell he co-workers to tell Cummins she wasn't around when he showed up at her work (Thomas family above) Her father meanwhile was optimistic about the teenager's eventual return home to be with her family.   'We just live for that day where we are gonna get a phone call that says we're alright and waiting for someone to get me,' said Anthony Thomas.  Investigators spent the weekend pouring over email drafts that the two would send one another while in school for any clues into where the pair may be, with Cummins now facing charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. 'They would write the message and let it save as a draft. The other person would log in, read the message and then delete it and then write another message that was saved as a draft,' said Maury County District Attorney Brent Cooper. 'If you read them you would immediately recognize you are reading messages between two people who have a romantic interest in each other.'   One of the emails uncovered by authorities was written by Cummins and began: 'I saw you standing next to your backpack this morning.'  The teacher then told the student how nice one of her body parts looked to him in the note.  Any help: The family has also released a recent video of Elizabeth (above with her brother)  hoping that someone might recognize her lisp Elizabeth's family also released a recent video of the teenager with her brother in hopes that someone might recognize the young girl's lisp. A student came forward earlier this year to tell school officials that they saw the student and her married teacher kissing in a classroom this past January. The school eventually made the decision to remove Elizabeth from the teacher's classroom, but allow Cummins to keep teaching at the school.   Cummins was last seen one day before the two disappeared buying hair dye at a Walmart. Elizabeth, who is one of ten children, made frequent posts on social media about romance and love in the weeks before she was abducted by Cummins. She also started calling herself 'wife' on Instagram and made several references to a 'mission' that was 'almost complete'. On March 13, she told family she was going to spend the day with a friend. One of her siblings has since revealed that the teenager told them to call police if she did not return home that night. Cummins visited a Walmart in Columbia, Tennessee, the day before he vanished with the girl. He was filmed on surveillance cameras buying dark brown women's hair dye  Elizabeth changed her Instagram biography before she vanished to describe herself as a 'wife'. She also added a ring emoji to the description  Authorities believe she may have gone willingly with Cummins, who they say has been grooming her for sex for some time.  Elizabeth was seen on surveillance footage the day she disappeared carrying a bndle of clothes. The grandfather is believed to be armed and possible dangerous, with two guns.  Elizabeth's mother spoke to DailyMail.com last week in an exclusive interview to share her fears. This image of Elizabeth was taken on March 13, the day she vanished. She appears to be holding a bundle of clothes She labeled her daughter's captor 'disturbed' and said she worried Elizabeth would either end up pregnant or dead. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, which is leading the hunt for the pair, has received hundreds of tips but none have come to fruition. One reported sighting of the pair was made in Corpus Christi, a coastal city in south east Texas, last week. They were reported to have been seen in the tiny town of North Beach which sits just 160 miles from the Mexican border. Nothing ever came of the tip-off and police have not clarified whether they believe it was credible or a case of mistaken identity.  Anyone with information of their whereabouts is urged to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Police are asking anyone who sees a silver Nissan Rogue with a license plate of TN 976-ZPT to call 911 immediately.  Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Shocking moment a driver is punched through his car window Monkman gets the better of Seagull in University Challenge semi-final Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED by evil spirits Brazen man catches huge COBRA out of hole with his bare hands Mother films invasive TSA pat-down of her disabled teenage son Furious cyclist smashes driver's windscreen with his own bike New ISIS video shows child soldiers hunting and killing prisoners Shocking carer steals money out of dementia patient's handbag Medics fired after mocking patient on a surgery table Miraculous moment baby who was 'buried alive' is rescued in India Driver's hilarious attempt to squeeze car through tight gap Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and... Thrown to his death then pelted with rocks by barbaric... Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son,... Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have... 'The lioness who inspired us all': Lawyers pay tribute to... Sturgeon throws down the gauntlet: Scottish Parliament... Three nursery nurses 'cruelly force-fed toddlers in their... Furious white van passenger repeatedly punches a driver... Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her... 'It is time for Britain to come together': May's rallying... Fortress Britain: Police install new anti-terror barriers... Incredible moment a newborn baby girl BURIED ALIVE in a... Caught on secret camera: Sickening moment a sneaky carer... ISIS 'cubs of the caliphate' hunt down prisoners before... £70,000 Ferrari left to rot on a street near Harrods for... White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because... Staffie owner is mauled to death by his pet dog in front... 'The judge WAS right': Teenage rape victim who was... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $1,495 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at the White House Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio Trendy and terrific  Chrissy Teigen looks glamorous in revealing dress as Hailey Baldwin goes casual to H&M red carpet event in LA The duo pulled out all the stops  'Signature pose... got to do it!': Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Certainly doesn't need to hire models Sports Illustrated unveils first star of its 2018 Swimsuit Issue, sharing stunning nude images of the 21-year-old Brazilian model posing in a colorful PAINTED swimsuit Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'My house is a coke den?' Dorit Kemsley disputes cocaine accusation made by Lisa Rinna on RHOBH At loggerheads  EXCLUSIVE The honeymoon crasher! Vanderpump Rules newlyweds Tom and Katie share luxury holiday album and reveal why Stassi tagged along Just popping out! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her wares in skimpy sports bra as she takes boy Mason to art class Interesting errand attire  Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' The Kardashian momager instigated the split They'll always have Buenos Aires! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd enjoy exploring Argentina together They will always have Buenos Aires Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour in tight nude leggings as she arrives back in LA after Fiji swimsuit shoot Looked glowing  Hot mesh! Alexandra Daddario flashes cleavage in clinging see-through top as she poses with Kelly Rohrbach while promoting Baywatch   Think you know LA? Think again! From Sunken City to a pizzeria that makes women go into labor, the sights you won't find in a guidebook SPONSORED Sofia Richie strikes a cool pose in tinted glasses as she steps out to dinner in New York...after getting seventh tattoo Specs appeal  'I can't call them Casa and Amigos': George Clooney jokes pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after his tequila brand Consummate pro  She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery in London Actress Rose Byrne, 37, is dumped as the face of luxury accessories brand Oroton in favour of 'younger influencers' who will be paid less   Edgy Zayn Malik ditches his raven man-bun in favour of a bright green chop in brooding new selfie The 24-year-old former One Direction star Maria Sharapova shows no remorse as doping ban ends and jokes she used her time off to go to Coachella where '120,000 people' were doing drugs   Platinum mom! Ashlee Simpson rocks very blonde topknot on family outing with kids Jagger and Bronx and hubby Evan Ross Practical ponytail  The Walking Dead's Steven Yeun shares another glimpse of his newborn son...named Jude Malcolm 'Thanks. We are well. Much much love!' Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her mermaid locks and pert posterior in figure hugging bodysuit and jeans Went for a classic look Yummy mummy! Charlize Theron showcases her natural beauty make-up free as she takes her two children for an ice-cream treat     Simone Biles and Sasha Farber share impromptu tango after DWTS practice... as Gleb Savchenko and wife Elena show off new baby bump   SIX MEALS and 3500 calories a day: Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer reveals how he gets RIPPED for Thor role by training for three months before filming   Olivia Palermo and Johannes Huebl attend Oliver Peoples x Berluti bash... after teaming up for Piaget campaign Teaming up  'The best acting mom I ever had': Leonardo DiCaprio posts heartfelt tribute to What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates He paid tribute  Radiohead singer Thom Yorke, 48, and new girlfriend Dajana Roncione, 32, hit Miami beach for charming day date   Angels on Earth! Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes look heavenly flaunting their taut tummies after a bite in Beverly Hills Victoria's Secret talents 'It's a little bit awkward': Gwen Stefani vows to keep singer away from Blake Shelton as battles end on The Voice He had his eye on one  Own direction: 1D's Harry Styles to perform solo as musical guest on SNL's first live coast-to-coast show Will join Jimmy Fallon on April 15 Orlando Bloom goes low-profile as he leaves LAX airport following glam getaway with A-list pal Leonardo DiCaprio  Incognito in black baseball cap  Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger 'based on character from The Rook comics series' new lawsuit claims Alleged similarities  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview magazine Susan Sarandon looks gorgeous in black as she gets playful on red carpet for NYC comedy benefit Wore wavy auburn locks down  Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and  day-to-day brands PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Supergirl's Melissa Benoist can't keep her hands off co-star Chris Wood as duo confirm romance in Mexico Finally got public Scorpion's Katharine McPhee looks happy on Malibu set alongside rumored boyfriend Elyes Gabel Joined on the beach by her co-stars Robert Patrick and Jadyn Wong American Psycho author Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and calls out Lena Dunham and Meryl Streep  Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s favorite reunites for charity True Colours! Cyndi Lauper, 63, make arrives in Sydney wearing a bright orange jumper and matching sunglasses ahead of her joint tour with Blondie   'I feel gross!' My Big Fat Fabulous Life star Whitney Thore can't believe her ears after discovering the man she's dating is her COUSIN The first awakens! Oscar Isaac and girlfriend Elvira Lind are expecting their first child together Parents-to-be stepped out together in New York Looking ace! Serena Williams shows off curvaceous figure in swimsuit as she documents island getaway on Snapchat Tennis superstar posted on Snapchat Jodie Sweetin's ex threatened to reveal 'embarrassing' cell phone pictures of Fuller House actress Her ex has been arrested multiple times Scarlet fever! Zoey Deutch gets leggy in red dresses and discusses famous parents in C Magazine Donned a variety of high-end ensembles Friendly exes! Brad Pitt 'secretly joined' Angelina Jolie during trip to Cambodia in February 'so he could spend time with the kids' Difficult separation   Former RHONY star Jules Wainstein's ex accuses her of squandering thousands in child support on lavish lifestyle after her electricity is cut off Taxi please! Michelle Williams hails a cab while bundled up in a military green coat while out in New York After enjoying an outing with a friend while clad in sleek scuffed booties She's a chameleon! Olivia Wilde wears black wig and loses the fake bump while shooting Life Itself... a week after filming as a 'pregnant' blonde Filming her new movie  Scheana Shay reveals he had 'a good cry' on night her marriage breakup was shown on Vanderpump Rules Imploding marriage brings on the sniffles 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA 'We got very lucky!': Mila Kunis raves about her children's sibling bond... as put on stylish display at CinemaCon  The mother-of-two embraced comfort in large trousers Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend American DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims Back in black! Anne Hathaway dazzles in ruffling back-baring Armani at the premiere of Colossal in NYC The 34-year-old beauty simply wowed  A chip off the old block! Brenton Thwaites confirmed as son of Orlando Bloom's character in upcoming Pirates Of The Caribbean film Fifth installment   Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD for night out in NYC after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway That's one dapper date! Alexa Chung's father Philip steps in as she leaves beau Alexander Skarsgard at home for a night at the National Portrait Gala Looking heavenly EXCLUSIVE: Paparazzi in LAX brawl with One Direction star Louis Tomlinson 'harassed' an ex girlfriend and has sued other entertainment big shots for MILLIONS Elton John teams with Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice to turn Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat into animated film   Johnny Depp accuses former business managers of 'smear campaign' after they claimed he 'squandered' his money on lavish lifestyle Fashionable flyer! Salma Hayek is runway ready in buttoned jumpsuit and boots as she jets into LAX Is never one to disappoint when it comes to style Homerun humor! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez share a laugh as they enjoy intimate double date with friends in Los Angeles From model to meth addict to model again: America's Next Top Model contestant Jael Strauss regains looks after finally ditching drugs 'I drink green juice every single morning:' Martha Stewart, 75, reveals her secret weapon in anti-aging process Shared with Dr. Oz  Dynamic duo! Drew Barrymore and America Ferrera lead the honorees at upcoming Gracie Awards Prestigious show will take place at Beverly Hotel 'It's about to get tough': Kevin Hart admits he's terrified his 12-year-old daughter Heaven is starting to talk about boys Is learning that it's hard to be a dad  Just like mom! Courteney Cox's girl Coco lands role in music video... two decades on from Friends star's big break in Bruce Springsteen clip History repeating itself Uptown (sales)girl: Christie Brinkley, 63, is stunningly gorgeous at HSN offices where she prepares to sell hair clip-ons and face masks Now an entrepreneur Sash the way to do it! Princess Mary dazzles in gold as she joins the Danish and Belgian royals for an elaborate state banquet after a hard day of sightseeing  Royal engagements Can't stop the (new home) feeling! Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel buy $27.5 million penthouse in Tribeca Sought-after address   Strike a pose, Vogue! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, makes his modelling debut for Adidas in new campaign in collaboration with Alexander Wang   Hoping for big Money? Floyd Mayweather puts his $4.8m Koenigsegg hypercar on the market... one of only two in the world Highly desirable   'I love him to bits and he's funny': Helen McCrory calls husband Damian Lewis her 'best friend' and says they'd love to act together again... 14 years after meeting onstage Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: What will Charles do with his property when he becomes King? Has a plan to radically downsize Royal accommodation Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she braves the New York cold to head into work Teen turned on the style So that explains it! Famously pouty Victoria Beckham steps out in a T-shirt with slogan 'Fashion Stole My Smile' Jetted into LAX 'Like almond butter': Lily Collins looks smooth as she flashes her toned abs in knotted top with cheeky message as she heads for a mani-pedi Looking very casual  Seacrest not out! NBC and Fox 'in bidding war for American Idol' with new judges but host Ryan likely back The iconic show is due a reboot   Big Bang Theory star Mayim Bialik lectures against describing women as 'girls' in a furious video, noting that calling a man a 'boy' would be seen as  'emasculating' 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot Romantic day out 'You brought me so much joy': Nina Dobrev pays emotional tribute to her beloved cat who died aged 18 years Shared with her 12 million followers 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Taking after her Oscar? Anne Hathaway gives look at beauty regimen as she dons shiny gold face mask (and lip syncs to Madonna) Revealed her secrets  'Your wish is my command': Ryan Reynolds superfan gets the star's name tattooed on his backside and shares the results on Twitter Bizarre tribue TLC is bringing back hit home makeover show Trading Spaces in 2018 'One of TLC's 'most successful and most iconic series.' One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least $62 million after selling shares in their joint-owned company 1D Media  Tony Curtis's ex wife and Austria's first Golden Globe winner Christine Kaufmann dies aged 72 Passed away in Munich after battle with leukemia EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his horrific childhood Parks & Recreation vets Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman are reuniting to host the reality competition show The Handmade Project Competition reality show SHEER-an generosity! Ed teams up with David Beckham, Roger Daltrey for the UKTeenage Cancer Trust after saving abused Liberian street boys Veep vet Chris Addison has been chosen to direct Dirty Rotten Scoundrels remake starring Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson Remake   Get to know fashion designer behind the A-list-adored line that has become a favorite with stars like Kim Kardashian, Beyoncé, and Kendall Jenner 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she once threatened to QUIT film after co-star was told to lose weight)  Paris Hilton can't keep her hands off new beau Chris Zylka days after she claims he's 'the one' as they arrive at LAX airport Heiress was all smiles  Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed after photo shows her wearing a short-sleeve tee while co-stars pose in skin-baring halters  'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym Mom-of-five looks good Harry Potter star Evanna Lynch is worlds away from dippy Luna as she enjoys reunion with Weasley twins James and Oliver Phelps  Cheeky girl! Instagram model Skye Wheatley flaunts her famous derrière in a skimpy G-string as she poses for another raunchy belfie  Instagram star   'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife Mayte speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett in a series of tweets Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom on board a boat during St Barts vacation as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday As celebrities like Isla Fisher and Vanessa Hudgens step out donning the same outfits, FEMAIL rounds up the week's best fashion face-offs  Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  She has transformed her look in recent months 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls the moment he asked if 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Always busy mom Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Movie got rave reviews at Sundance festival Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' Broken back door  She'll put a spell on you! Stephanie Pratt parades her honed legs in sizzling emerald mini dress at Forbidden Forest launch in London Former Hills star     DON'T MISS Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her ongoing philanthropic efforts Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka Chilled out in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Legs for days! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their new drama Billions  'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie Big show in works Effortlessly sophisticated! Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe pants...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa Sophie Taylor, the Australian model pictured with Prince William on his ski holiday, hopes the attention 'relaunches her modelling career' Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation The 27-year-old flaunted her incredible body Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event 'My girl met my girl!' Hoda Kotb shares photo of Today co-host Kathie Lee Gifford cuddling adopted newborn tot Haley Joy during the pair's first meeting 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert at last moment due to 'extreme food poisoning after eating bad sushi'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London with fiance Dave Gardner 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mom Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with her daughter, Arabella, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum  David Beckham as you've never seen him before! Unrecognizable hunk sports gruesome rotting teeth and huge scar on his face on set of new King Arthur flick 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  He was a little starstruck There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand Visiting Phuket Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece swimsuit during day at the beach with son Titan, 2 John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris He'll be on tour in Europe in the fall Secret admirers? Kendall Jenner and her pal Cara Delevingne hold red roses as they party the night away in LA with their model buddy Lily Donaldson Ellie Goulding cozies up to rumored beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's daughters Sunday and Faith are spitting image of their famous mom as they stroll through Sydney Airport  What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates, who played Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp's mother in hit movie, dies at age 69 Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Actress gave closeup  A new royal military man! Handsome Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan follows in William and Harry's footsteps by enrolling at Sandhurst  'We will miss you': Katy Perry changes Twitter handle and pays tribute to 18-year-old fan who died in car accident The 32-year-old singer wrote touching message Bar Refaeli reveals she's pregnant with second child as she shows off baby bump... eight months after welcoming daughter Liv with husband Adi Ezra Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Kate's Brexit tour continues! Duchess of Cambridge to visit Luxembourg with Prince William in May as royals stage European charm offensive Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz get married as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Joy and heartbreak  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumor One Direction star Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout, 25, after a family dinner date at Mastro's Steakhouse in Beverly Hills Crown Princess Mary gives Queen Mathilde a sightseeing tour as they take boat trip with their husbands on day one of the Belgian royals' state visit to Denmark Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of $28m hotel Happened in 2013 What a year it's been! Ivanka Trump shares adorable photos of her sharing spaghetti with baby Theodore as he turns one  Another milestone  Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner look smitten in poppy field... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved French bulldog Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Joined by rapper Yoni Laham and other friends Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Wild child is known for her active love life 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but allegedly 'calmed down' when talk turned to money Off-duty beauty: Make-up free model Kate Moss, 43, keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a photo shoot in London 'Go with Guy Fieri here': Blake Shelton continues to mock show rival Adam Levine's blonde hair on The Voice Cooking up some competition She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging Bardot ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars Comedian Chris Kattan was eliminated Heath Ledger's 'blood-stained' shirt from Brokeback Mountain and James Bond's tuxedo go on sale in auction of Hollywood memorabilia  So it's on? Bachelorette alum Luke Pell cozies up to Danielle Lombard at event...after revealing they've been 'hanging out' 'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter feud Dissent in the ranks 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react excitedly on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal One very revealing role Nicole Kidman says  Keith Urban was shocked at her 'massive bruises' caused by physical Big Little Lies love scenes with Alexander Skarsgard  She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Recently filed for divorce 'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans admits that she shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Soap star spoke out Brooding boy! Hollywood hunk Brenton Thwaites rocks long locks in pensive photo-shoot, revealing his idol is fellow Australian Hugh Jackman Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Never fails to impress Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck sweater while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith Michael Jackson's business partners lose their bid to grab a share of his assets after judge rejects claim the star promised them a stake in his company  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Still legally married  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Standing out   Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Sprawling property extends over a majestic 10 acres She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball jersey emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars Showstopper  Burt Bacharach is being sued by a dog sitter who claims his Portuguese Water Dog bit off two of his fingers, requiring a skin graft from his groin  New dad Liam Payne, 23, cracks a joke about being on diaper duty after welcoming son... as girlfriend Cheryl, 33, 'hatches plan to conquer the mommy market' 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Legendary feud 'I dream of genie': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt as he leaves the gym in West Hollywood Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Certainly knows how to rock a jacket Christian Siriano designed custom two piece 'fairy tale' bridal look for OITNB star Samira Wiley...after she 'spent years in an orange jumpsuit'  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent Looked glamorous Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist What's she holding on to?  Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armor inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work The 20-year-old took video of his huge inking Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Who's judging? Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami... as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation Died on Christmas Day Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler New role for hunky actor Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Maria Sharapova wears ice pack on her ankle as she returns from tennis practice ahead of comeback from drugs ban Ready for return Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian Back to the future  Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Quality time  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood The two showed off their toned stomachs A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow... as a different character than the one she started out playing Will return for two episodes Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown with plunging neckline to receive honors at New York gala   Step aside, mom and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Arriving in style  Hell for leather! Rosario Dawson and Krysten Ritter dress in biker jackets as they film scenes for Marvel's The Defenders Matching outfits Blushing bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson stuns in dramatic blush-colored gown for a friend's wedding Actress' low cut gown stole the show Make it so! Calls for Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne Conway as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking like Trump's counselor  'I always dream of having another child, but I'm too old now': Nicole Kidman, 49, admits her desire to have another baby... but husband Keith Urban has told her 'no' Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is spotted jogging in California after she revealed she has to run three miles a day to deal with stress of divorce Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Hits such as Baby I've Got You 'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll All grown up! Eminem's 21-year-old daughter Hailie Scott stuns in new Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student in Michigan DWTS feud? Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Girardi calls out head judge Len Goodman after he rates her dance routine 'raunchy' Today's headlines Most Read Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $2,390 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at... Three storm chasers - including two Weather Channel contractors - are killed after their two cars collide at... Jacksonville high school upsets its students with patronizing prom flyer showing an appropriate dress with... New York Mayor De Blasio launches NYPD order to keep ICE agents off of school grounds as he aims to protect... EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting... Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger 'based on character from The Rook comics series'... House votes to wipe away the FCC's internet privacy protections which could lead to Internet providers being... Look who's back! Hillary attacks EVERYTHING Trump has done and takes Sean Spicer to task for demeaning... Who needs complicated Trumpcare? Republican congressman files bill to repeal Obamacare with a single... The War on Coal is over! President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental... 'I am being viciously attacked with lies and smears': Comedians turn Donald Trump's speeches into a whiny,... 'I'm a strong black woman, I cannot be intimidated': Congresswoman Maxine Waters slams Bill O'Reilly for... Spicer tells reporter 'with an agenda' to stop shaking her head after she asks about how the administration... Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and claims his boyfriend has... Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top... From fresh-faced youngster to hardened criminal covered in face tattoos: Increasingly sinister mugshots... Boy, 15, who pleaded guilty to shooting dead his sister, 12, and planning to set fire to his family's... Honor student, 18, who planned to bomb and shoot up her Maryland high school wrote of desire to be the first... Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and... Maryland cop shoots dead man who complained about a stolen bicycle before lunging with a knife at the... Florida man, 24, 'fatally stabs his roommate, 21, after she hugged him goodbye and told him she leaving to... 10 members of the Bonnano crime family - including 'Bald Chris', 'Pudgie' and 'The Jew' are indicted on... Teacher who kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student composed and performed a creepy love song to ANOTHER... 'If you don't want me to defend him, I will sit down and shut up': Aaron Hernandez's defense attorney erupts... EXCLUSIVE: Incredible tale of revenge and deception behind mother who left two suicide notes and jumped to... Georgia police search desperately for 28-year-old woman who disappeared with her three young children five... South Carolina police shot an unarmed black man 17 TIMES in the back and killed him as he ran away from... Drug cheat Maria Sharapova shows no remorse as doping ban comes to an end and even jokes that she used her... Woman, 19, was beaten and strangled to death during vicious attack by 'career criminal burglar' after she... MORE HEADLINES Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and discover their missing friend inside who had been swallowed whole after being crushed to death  Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and regular day-to-day brands... shame the neighbors don't appreciate it Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son, 23, with an AR-15 after they burst in to Oklahoma house wearing masks and carrying a knife  EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of best-selling book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of child abuse at the hands of 'cannibal tribesmen' ISIS 'cubs of the caliphate' hunt down prisoners before executing them at gunpoint in shocking new propaganda video White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because the style results from the 'oppression and exclusion' of people of color as the jewelry is increasingly seen as a form of 'cultural appropriation' Striking out! Auburn softball player gets into a shoving match with coach who dismissed her two older sisters from the team Thrown to his death then pelted with rocks by barbaric mob... all because he was gay: Terrifying final moments of young man sentenced to death by ISIS because of his sexuality Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and Harry Winston overcharge by 330% for 'identical' stones sold in Costco Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $2,390 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at the White House and President promises a deal on healthcare 'soon' From model to meth addict to model again: America's next top model contestant regains looks after finally ditching drugs Spicer tells reporter 'with an agenda' to stop shaking her head after she asks about how the administration can fix its Russia problem EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting dead three masked teenage intruders with an assault rifle and repeatedly asked police if they would survive EXCLUSIVE: Incredible tale of revenge and deception behind mother who left two suicide notes and jumped to her death 24 hours before she was set to appear in court for 'putting a hit on her ex-husband' Mother is so convinced that her eight-year-old son is the reincarnation of Lou Gehrig that she's written a book about it (and of course the film rights have been picked up already) Puerto Rico man jailed after he BIT the head off of his girlfriend's Chihuahua then punched her in the face The War on Coal is over! President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental regulations  SSSSSurprise! Giant cobra leaps out of a hole in front of a brave builder in terrifying footage  'With this ship, we’re capable of owning the night': Coast Guard brings in 16-ton haul of seized cocaine worth $420million after a massive drug operation in the eastern Pacific Five medics are fired after footage of them dancing around naked, unconscious patient awaiting surgery goes viral  Race faker Rachel Dolezal sparks fury as she claims to be 'transracial' during BBC interview  Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her maid POSSESSED and acting like the creature from horror film The Ring  Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she braves the New York cold to head into work Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with daughter, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum after being called out for Aspen ski holiday amid healthcare bill fiasco  EXCLUSIVE: No lipstick, no perfume - The wife of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen is placed in solitary and fed through a slot in the door as she awaits extradition to Florida, charged with aiding a terrorist  'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes I'm very thirssssty! Angry king cobra is given water from a bottle after drought forced it to enter Indian village in search of a drink  'We will fight': Mayors of sanctuary cities across the country fire back at Attorney General Sessions after he threatens to cut off their Justice Department grants worth billions Incredible moment a newborn baby girl BURIED ALIVE in a field in India is is rescued after a girl spots her feet sticking up through the dirt  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Glossary Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Glossary Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Get in Contact Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 0 Fact Check Crime Narrow Brush with Human Traffickers at a Southern California IKEA? A familiar urban legend about retail environments and human trafficking popped up again in a viral Facebook post about a Southern California IKEA store. 0 CLAIM A Southern California mom experienced a near-miss abduction of her daughter by human traffickers at a local IKEA store. unproven RATING unproven ORIGIN On 23 March 2017, Facebook user Diandra Toyos shared a photograph said to have been taken inside an IKEA furniture store somewhere in Southern California, along with a common claim: that she and her family had narrowly avoided abduction by human traffickers while shopping there. Toyos’ report was widely disseminated via social media and was also aggregated by a share-focused site called inspireMORE. Like many other accounts of its kind, it began with Toyos’ saying she had read similar stories on Facebook (i.e., that human traffickers commonly ply their trade within chain stores) and went on to explain that fellow shoppers inside the IKEA behaved in a vague manner which convinced her she and her children were potential targets of a crime: I recently read a post written by a mother I didn’t know, that went viral. She described an event that happened to her while she was at target. She and her children were targeted by human traffickers. She talked about how when she reported the incident after the fact, she was told that this was a very common way they worked. I read things like that, and I always think “wow, that’s so scary… I need to be careful”. But I also always think “that could never happen to me.” But you guys, it did. A few days ago, my mom and I took the kids (I have 3 kids. A daughter who is 4, and two sons, 1.5 years and 7 weeks) to IKEA … We were in the couch section and the kids were enjoying climbing on each couch and trying them out … I noticed a well dressed, middle aged man circling the area, getting closer to me and the kids. At one point he came right up to me and the boys, and instinctively I put myself between he and my mobile son. I had a bad feeling. He continued to circle the area, staring at the kids. He occasionally picked something up, pretending to look at it but looking right over at us instead. My mom noticed as well and mentioned that we needed to keep an eye on him. We moved on… and so did he. Closely. My son wandered into one of the little display rooms across from the couches and I followed him closely with my baby strapped to me. My mom said she watched as the older man dropped what he was doing and quickly and closely followed us into the area. At the same time, she noticed another man dressed more casually and in his 20s. He wasn’t looking at us, but was walking the same circling pattern around us as the first man. My mom and I decided to sit down and wait for them to move on. We had a gut feeling something was going on, but we hoped we were wrong and they would move on. So we sat in one of the little display rooms. For close to 30 minutes. And they sat too. They sat down on one of the couches on the display floor that faced us. That was when we knew our gut feeling was right and something was off. They sat the whole time we sat, and stood up right as we got up. We continued on and my mom turned around and realized the two men had moved and were sitting only one couch away from each other, still facing our direction. The older man was still watching us. She made eye contact… very clearly letting them know that we saw them. And we moved on. We managed to lose them at that point. (We talked with an employee, circled back and used the bathroom and went out into a different section). But still kept the kids right with us the whole time. I kept the baby in the sling which kept my hands free and my eyes too. I didn’t have to keep an eye on the stroller AND two kids… I just had to watch my older ones. When we got through the maze of IKEA, we reported what happened to security. At this point, we note that IKEA is well known for its unique (and occasionally frustrating) store layout that essentially directs customers to follow one another on the same path throughout a store — a subject addressed by Professor of Architecture Alan Penn in a 2011 talk about related planning structures: [A student] followed people around the store — and guess what [customers] do — they walk around like this. You can see the sort of lines of people. In fact, if you shop in Ikea, all you do is follow people around the store. You very seldom find people going the other direction. You do occasionally but they are always looking very harassed … You can only give in and follow the route that they set out for you, because to do anything else is really difficult. In her lengthy post, Toyos listed inferences based on her observations of the men in IKEA, among them that they were unaccompanied by wives, were not talkative, were not dressed in a fashion similar to one another, didn’t smile at people, and were at one point adjacent to one of the store’s exits. And she asserted that human trafficking and the abduction of children from chain stores such as IKEA and Target is “happening all over [the place]”: These men weren’t shopping. While they walked around the store, they weren’t looking at things… not really. The older man would occasionally pick something up and act like he was looking at it, but he’d look right over the top of it at my kids. Then he’d drop it and move on as soon as we did. They weren’t waiting for anyone. Often you see men in a place like IKEA waiting for their wives, but these guys appeared to be alone. They didn’t even talk to each other. They didn’t talk to anyone. They didn’t smile casually at people (in fact, early on, I looked at the older guy when he got close to us and smiled… which is something I do regularly when I’m out.. I’m always making eye contact with people. He instantly looked away. That was odd to me). They were dressed nicely but very differently. I would never have put these two together. And they didn’t appear to be together. The area they were hanging around had an exit right by it. IKEA is a massive confusing maze of a store. But they could have run out that exit with my child and handed them off to someone waiting outside and been gone before I could find them. Something was off. We knew it in our gut. I am almost sure that we were the targets of human trafficking. This is happening all over. Including the United States. It’s in our backyards. I’m reading more and more about these experiences and it’s terrifying. If not that, something else shady was obviously going on. Either way, as parents, we NEED to be aware. Please PLEASE be aware when you’re out with your children. It’s not the time to be texting or facebooking or chatting on the phone. When you’re in a public place with your kids, please be aware and present so that you don’t become a victim. Had I not been paying attention that day… or had I let my kids roam and play while I checked my phone… I may have lost one. The thought just makes me completely ill. (Especially because I’ve been guilty of this!) Also, in hindsight, I would have taken a picture of the guys. Probably right in their faces so they saw me do it. Trust your gut. It’s there for a reason. Toyos replied to commenters by denying that the men could have been loss prevention officers and reiterating that parents ought to watch their children in public, asserting that her belief was based on “what [she knew],” that the men “were up to something,” and that such occurrences were happening regularly across the United States: Something was not okay here. This was not a situation that I misunderstood. Do I know 100% what harm these men intended? No. I’m taking an educated guess based on how things played out and what I know. But even if I am wrong about their specific intentions… I KNOW they were up to something and focused on me and my children. Presumably, Toyos was referencing the barrage of near-identical Facebook posts in which women have reporteclaim they had close brushes with human trafficking rings in Target, Walmart, mall parking lots, or craft stores. Rumors fitting that template began appearing in force on social media in May 2015, when a woman shared a later-debunked tale about an Oklahoma Hobby Lobby store. In June 2015, Twitter was awash in fears of a sex slavery ring targeting college kids at summer job interviews; and later that same month a long-circulating theme park abduction urban legend popped up again. Variations on that theme included a harrowing (yet false) story involving purported teenaged abductors (armed with heroin-filled syringes to drug victims) at a Denton, Texas, Dillards, a claim from a woman swearing she was a near-victim of human traffickers with gift bags in the parking lot of a Hickory, North Carolina, Walmart store, and a spate of rumors claiming Target stores in Tampa, Longview (Texas), and Houston were hotbeds of sex trafficking scouts. Almost universally, such reports were found to be based on misunderstandings, overstatements, embellishments, and not infrequently outright fabrications (including a woman’s claim about an unsettling encounter at a Michigan Kroger store and a convoluted scheme involving free rings from Kay Jewelers). Similarly, nearly all such reports were appended with lengthy commentary about how the purported near misses were in fact exceedingly common and could happen to anyone. Missing from the constellation of these hair-raising tales was documentation that abductions are commonly (or even rarely) being carried out in the described manner, as crime statistics don’t seem to back up claims that such a ruse is truly happening “all over.” Free Range Kids author (and advocate for reason-driven parenting) Lenore Skenazy addressed the uptick in such reports on social media, pointing out their illogic and pleading for a realistic approach to the growing number of social media abduction horror stories: What the heck is going on, America? This “My kids were about to be trafficked, I just KNOW it” post is so shockingly similar to last week’s, “My kids were about to be trafficked, I just KNOW it” post that it feels … creepy. A lot creepier than being at Ikea where a couple of men glance at my kids. The reader who sent me this link asked if I thought there might be some “validity” to it, to which I must respond: No. In fact, I think it’s crazy. What, two men are going to grab two or three kids, all under age 7, IN PUBLIC, in a camera-filled IKEA, with the MOM and the GRANDMA right there, not to mention a zillion other fans of Swedish furnishings? Can we please PLEASE take a deep breath and realize how insanely unlikely that is? How we don’t need to be “warned” about this? How NOTHING HAPPENED! You can TELL nothing happened, because the whole thing was described as an “incident.” And Lenore’s #1 Rule of Reporting is: When something is called an “incident,” it’s because nothing happened. In fact, my alternate headline for this post was: POINTLESSLY TERRIFIED MOM URGES OTHER MOMS TO BE POINTLESSLY TERRIFIED As noted above, Skenazy cited the prevalence of such tales as drivers of the belief “this is happening” everywhere. Moreover, she observed that the dozens of near-identical narratives do not match known patterns of abduction or trafficking: So while we’re at it, here’s a snippet of last week’s note from David Finkelhor, head of the Crimes Against Children Research Center, on the likelihood (or not) of sex trafficking of young children in America: Child abduction rarely occurs in a crowded public venue like that, where help would be easy to muster. Moreover: Most sex trafficking lures and abductions are of teenagers. We have been so brainwashed by talk of trafficking that we imagine we see it everywhere.  We attempted to contact Diandra Toyos via Facebook for further information but have not yet received a response. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Sources Filed Under: facebook warnings human trafficking ikea +4 more sex trafficking stranger abduction stranger danger viral facebook posts Fact Checker: Kim LaCapria Featured Image: FotograFFF / Shutterstock.com Published: Mar 28th, 2017 Sources: Brignull, Harry.   “Alan Penn on Shop Floor Plan Design, Ikea, and Dark Patterns.”     90 Percent of Everything.   10 April 2011. Skenazy, Lenore.   “The Modern American Brag: ‘My Kids Were About to Be Trafficked, Too!'”     Free-Range Kids.   27 March 2017. inspireMORE.   “Mom of 3 Evades Human Traffickers in IKEA After Noticing These 4 Warnings.”     27 March 2017. Hot off the press, straight to your inbox View All Featured Video MuslimWomanIgnoresDyingVictimofLondonTerrorAttack? News Terrorism Mar 24th, 2017 A photograph showing a chaotic scene on the Westminster Bridge after a London terror attack was widely circulated without relevant context. View All Most Searched 1K U.S. Senate Votes to Lift Ban on ‘Predator Control’ Hunting Practices in Alaska News Controversy Updated Now passed by both the House and Senate, H.J. Res. 69 nullifies federal protections for hibernating bears, denning wolves, and other predators on national preserves in Alaska. 12K Did NBC Remove a Reference to Christ from an Interview with the Family of a Deceased Navy SEAL? Fact Check Political News Updated The interview segment in question appears to have been kept intact, without additional editing to remove references to Christ. 5K Does Melania Trump’s NYC Security Cost Twice the NEA’s Budget? Fact Check Feb 2nd, 2017 One report claimed the cost of protecting the First Lady while she lives in New York City would be around $300 million per year. 5K Did Trump Golf Six Times After Complaining About Obama’s Golfing Habits? Fact Check Politics Feb 23rd, 2017 Images assert that President Trump went golfing six times during his first month in office despite frequently criticizing President Obama for golfing while in office. 7K Did President Trump Announce Plans to End the ‘Meals on Wheels’ Program? Fact Check Politics Mar 16th, 2017 A budget blueprint released by the Trump administration would cut funding for a program that partially funds the Meals on Wheels program but would not end Meals on Wheels itself. View All Most Shared 2K Morgue Employee Cremated by Mistake While Taking a Nap? Fact Check Fake News Mar 3rd, 2017 Reports that a sleeping Beaumont morgue worker was mistaken for the victim of a fatal automobile accident are fake news. 322K Will Entering Your PIN in Reverse at an ATM Summon the Police? Fact Check Business Updated Entering your PIN in reverse at any ATM will not automatically send an alarm to local police -- the idea is nothing more than an old and unimplemented suggestion. 1K Do “Naked” Juices and Smoothies Contain Formaldehyde? Fact Check Food Mar 21st, 2017 Claims regarding the presence of formaldehyde in “Naked” products rely on the assumption that chemicals modified through reactions with other chemicals are still, somehow, the same chemical. 741 Was a Game Called ‘Blue Whale’ Responsible for Dozens of Suicides in Russia? Fact Check Feb 27th, 2017 While certain groups on social media have been accused of promoting suicide, they have not been found to have directly caused an uptick in young people taking their own lives. 12K Does Locks of Love Sell Donated Hair? Fact Check Business Updated Claims that Locks of Love sells most donated hair for profit and charges ailing children exorbitant amounts of money for wigs are based on a misunderstanding of the charity's procedures and functions. More from Snopes What’s New Hot 50 Random About Us Fact Check FAQ News Glossary RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK ×
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Tesco handed £214m penalties on false accounting News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Tesco handed £214m penalties on false accounting Supermarket Tesco has agreed to a fine and compensation costs totalling £214 million (US$268 million) after an accounting scandal at Britain's biggest retailer, the Serious Fraud Office said on Tuesday. Posted 29 Mar 2017 02:35 Tesco supermarket in Holyhead, Anglesey, United Kingdom. (AFP/Andrew Yates) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A LONDON: Supermarket Tesco has agreed to a fine and compensation costs totalling £214 million (US$268 million) after an accounting scandal at Britain's biggest retailer, the Serious Fraud Office said on Tuesday (Mar 28). Under a SFO deal that draws a line under the scandal stretching back three years, Tesco will not face prosecution. However, charges have previously been brought against three former Tesco executives, who will face trial over alleged fraud and false accounting. "Tesco ... has in principle reached a deferred prosecution agreement with the UK Serious Fraud Office regarding historic accounting practice," the supermarket giant said in a statement. This "is a voluntary agreement under which Tesco Stores Limited will not be prosecuted provided the business fulfils certain requirements, including paying a financial penalty of £129 million". In addition, Tesco will compensate shareholders by around £85 million in total. Tesco had been accused of overstating profits by £326 million between February and September 2014. Following the incident, the company appointed outsider and former Unilever executive Dave Lewis in July 2014 to replace long-standing chief executive Philip Clarke and oversee a drastic restructuring of the group. 'SINCERE REGRET' "Over the last two and a half years, we have fully co-operated with this investigation into historic accounting practices, while at the same time fundamentally transforming our business," Lewis said in the statement. "We sincerely regret the issues which occurred in 2014 and we are committed to doing everything we can to continue to restore trust in our business and brand." In recent years, Tesco has suffered in the face of fierce competition in its domestic market from German-owned discount retailers Aldi and Lidl - and also from Sainsbury's, Morrison and Wal-Mart unit Asda. Tuesday's announcement comes amid growing investor opposition to Tesco's proposed £3.7-billion takeover of British wholesaling giant Booker. Major Tesco shareholders Schroder Investment Management and Artisan Partners have demanded the board scrap the deal over the high price - and branded it an unwelcome distraction from the supermarket's ongoing turnaround plans. "The supermarket can now put the whole sorry saga of mis-stating its profits back in 2014 behind it," said ETX Capital analyst Neil Wilson. "But it now has another fire to fight in the shape of a shareholder revolt over its proposed £3.7-billion buy-out of Booker." Booker meanwhile is Britain's biggest cash-and-carry operator and sells goods to more than 503,000 customers - including grocers, pubs and restaurants. It also owns convenience store chains Budgens, Londis and Premier, as well as wholesalers Makro and Booker Wholesale. In Tuesday deals, Tesco shares finished 0.66 per cent lower at 191.20 pence on London's FTSE 100 index, which gained almost 0.7 per cent to close at 7,343.42 points. 'BAPTISM OF FIRE' Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at stockbroker Hargreaves Lansdown, said that investors took heart at news of the compensation. "This kind of accounting error is exceptionally rare in the UK stock market, nonetheless shareholders in all companies will be heartened to learn that in instances where false information is provided to the market, the regulator will see to it that investors are duly compensated," Khalaf said. "Dave Lewis underwent a baptism of fire when he took over as CEO in 2014, just as the accounting scandal struck. "He and the supermarket will now be hoping to draw a line under the matter, and concentrate on nurturing Tesco's nascent recovery." Tesco is the world's third-biggest supermarket group after France's Carrefour and global leader and US giant Wal-Mart. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
just-style home News & insights News US Q4 in brief – G-III Apparel, The Finish Line, Oxford Industries, Shoe Carnival By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 28 March 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Destination XL moved to a profit but booked lower sales, while Caleres moved to a loss in the quarter. VF Corporation, meanwhile, revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the quarter, while Stein Mart moved to a loss as a result of "aggressive" promotions.  G-III Apparel G-III Apparel said it plans to initiate a number of new product launches in the coming year despite booking a fourth-quarter net loss of US$20.1m, compared to net income of $8m in the year-ago period. Net sales, meanwhile, were up 14.4% in the period, reaching $603m from $527m last year, reflecting strength in the company's non-outerwear wholesale business and the inclusion of approximately $29m of net sales from the DKI business in the last two months of the quarter. CEO Morris Goldfarb, said the mid-year re-launch of the DKNY and Donna Karan brands will have a "positive impact" in the second half of the year. The Finish Line Athletic footwear and apparel retailer The Finish Line said its fourth-quarter earnings performance represented a disappointing finish to a financially challenging year for the company, with net sales falling 0.4% year-on-year to US$557.5m. Same-store sales decreased 4.5%. In the 13 weeks to 25 February, the company made a loss of $9.5m, compared to net income of $4m in the year-ago period. Despite this, CEO Sam Sato said the company is confident that the numerous operational improvements it has made throughout the past year have created a "more efficient company with a stronger foundation to support enhanced profitability and increased shareholder value over the long-term." Oxford Industries Oxford Industries booked a mixed fourth-quarter as it saw earnings tumble on charges and sales edge up. In the three months ended 28 January, earnings dropped to US$10m from $17.5m a year earlier. The company incurred $7.1m of charges associated with inventory markdowns, severance and closing three outlet locations related to actions to improve the operating performance of its Tommy Bahama brand. Gross margin was 42 basis points higher at 56.2%, while consolidated net sales increased to $261m compared to $259.6m in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Shoe Carnival Show carnival has moved to a net loss of US$920,000 in its fourth-quarter from earnings of $4.2m a year earlier as a result of non-cash impairment charges. Gross profit margin narrowed to 27.5% from 29.2%, while net sales edged up $0.5m, or 0.2%, to $234.2m. Comparable store sales were down 1.2%. CEO Cliff Sifford, said: "We believe the strong athletic footwear cycle we experienced during the year will continue into 2017 and we are pleased with the early results from our casual sandal footwear." PVH Corp Apparel giant PVH Corp said it was "very pleased" with its fourth quarter results, which exceeded both sales and earnings guidance, despite seeing a 25.1% drop in net income to US$100.5m from $134.2m in the year ago period. For the quarter ended 29 January, revenue of US$2.1bn was flat compared to the prior year period. PVH's Tommy Hilfiger business recorded the highest growth at 3% to $932m, while Calvin Klein revenues fell 1% to $795m. Meanwhile,Heritage Brands' sales decreased 5% to $381m. CEO Emanuel Chirico said: "We are very pleased with our fourth quarter results, which exceeded both our sales and earnings guidance despite the volatile macroeconomic environment and the highly promotional retail market in the US. We continued to demonstrate strong momentum in our Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses." Perry Ellis Perry Ellis said it saw "solid progress" on its strategic plan in the fourth quarter, which led to sales growth in its core global brands, expansion in gross margin and earnings in line with guidance. For the three month period, as reported under GAAP, net income was US$9m, compared to a loss of $17.7m in the year-ago period.   Gross margin expanded 150 basis points to 38.7% from 37.2%, while total sales dropped 4.7% to $204.2m from $214.4m last year. This reflected a 1.4% (3.2% on constant currency) increase in men's business including Perry Ellis, Original Penguin, Golf Lifestyle Apparel and Nike, offset by a number of factors, including a comparable sales decline of 6.2% within direct-to-consumer business as store traffic dropped by 15%. J Crew US fashion retailer J Crew booked a mixed fourth-quarter as the company moved to a profit but booked lower sales. Net income amounted to US$1.1m from a loss of $7m a year earlier, while gross margin widened to 34.7% from 33.3%. Net sales at J Crew were down 5% to $572.6m from $604.5m last year, while those at Madewell rose 11% to $102.9m from $92.5m in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, total revenues fell 2% to $695m, while comparable company sales decreased 5% following a decline of 4% in the fourth quarter last year. CEO Millard Drexler noted: "While the overall retail environment remains challenging, we continue our disciplined management of expenses and inventory and remain focused on delivering the very best, iconic J.Crew and Madewell products our customers love across all channels. As a team, we are taking important steps to drive improved operational excellence across the company."  Destination XL Group Destination XL has booked a mixed fourth-quarter as the company moved to a profit but booked lower sales. Earnings amounted to US$1.8m from a loss of $1.4m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 44.9% from 45.8% due to a drop in merchandise margin and occupancy costs as a percentage of sales. Total sales of $122.6m were down slightly from $124m in the prior-year quarter. Total comparable sales dropped 2.4%, while DXL comparable sales fell 1.9%. "Despite the 2016 retail environment being one of the most challenging in recent memory, we were very pleased to deliver strong growth," said CEO David Levin. "We enter the new fiscal year keenly focused on continuing to grow our customer base by leveraging our fully developed fleet of DXL stores and elevating our digital distribution channel." Caleres Footwear retailer Caleres booked a loss of US$6.6m in the fourth quarter, compared to net income of $11.4m in the year-ago period. Gross margin was up 4 basis points to 40.8%, while net sales increased 5.1% to $639.5m, compared to $608.7m last year. "Despite a promotional and challenging retail environment in the fourth quarter, we maintained our consistent approach of managing the areas under our control while continuing to rapidly respond to changing consumer shopping behaviours," said CEO Diane Sullivan.   Cato Corp Cato Corp reported a net loss of US$12.8m for the fourth quarter, compared to net income of $11.8m in the year-ago period. Fourth-quarter gross margin decreased to 28.8% of sales from 36.1% of sales in 2015, primarily due to reduced merchandise margins and higher occupancy costs. Sales for the period were $218.2m, a decrease of 12% on last year's $247.3m. Same-store sales were also down 12% for the quarter. CEO John Cato said 2016 was a "very disappointing year" for the company. He added: "The overall apparel retail environment continued to be difficult and was compounded by several mistakes of our own.  We also are being impacted by the disruption caused by the growth of online sales at other retailers, resulting in lower store traffic.  In the back half of the year, we made several mistakes in our merchandise assortment, fit and timing.  This resulted in significant reductions to regular priced sales causing us to liquidate a large portion of our slow selling inventory which put severe pressure on earnings." DSW DSW said its return to year over year earnings growth continued in the fourth quarter, with net income rising 158.5% to US$30.5m, compared to $11.8m in the year-ago period. Gross profit increased by 50 bps, while total sales edged up slightly, increasing 0.4% to  $674.6m. Comparable sales meanwhile, decreased 7% compared to last year's 0.7% increase. CEO Roger Rawlins, said: "After making fundamental changes to our core business last year, we are laser focused on driving comp growth through our merchandise and allocation initiatives and the elevation of our customer's digital experience." The Bon-Ton Stores US department store retailer The Bon-Ton Stores saw earnings and revenue decline in the fourth quarter. The York, Pennsylvania-based company recorded net income of US$44.7m, down from $50.6m in the year-ago period. Gross margin increased 145 basis points to 36.2% compared to last year, primarily due to reduced markdowns and lower distribution costs, partially offset by deleverage from lower sales volume. Total sales in the period decreased 5.5% to $877.3m, versus $927.9m last year, while comparable store sales decreased 4.7% as compared with the prior year period. Tilly's  Apparel, footwear and accessories retailer Tilly's says it is encouraged by its fourth-quarter results as earnings reached US$6.3m from $2.9m a year earlier. Gross margin dropped to 30.6% from 31.4% last year, primarily due to a 60 basis point decline in product margins from increased markdowns and a 20 basis point increase in buying, distribution and occupancy costs. Total sales edged up 0.7% to $160.2m, while comparable sales were up 0.1%. CEO, Ed Thomas, said: "While we are encouraged by these results, we will continue to seek ways to improve profitability and continue our progress during fiscal 2017." Genesco Genesco booked declines in both earnings and revenue during the fourth quarter. Net earnings reached US$46.5m compared to earnings of $44.7m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped 5% to $883m from $932m, reflecting the sale of the Lids Team Sports business in the fourth quarter of last year and a decrease of approximately 2% in sales from the remaining businesses. Comparable sales, including same store sales and comparable e-commerce and catalogue sales were flat  with an 8% increase in the Lids Sports Group, a 6% decrease in the Journeys Group, a 2% increase in the Schuh Group, and a 1% decrease in the Johnston & Murphy Group.  Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends posted profit and sales increases in its fourth-quarter. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income increased 60% to US$5.6m, compared to $3.5m in the year-ago period. Sales were also up, increasing 5.4% to $185.5m from $176.1m last year, while comparable sales grew 3.4%.  The Buckle The Buckle booked a drop in both earnings and sales in the fourth quarter, with the former dropping to US$36m from $54.3m a year earlier. Revenues were down 15.7% to $280m from net sales of $332m for the year-ago period, while comparable sales fell 16.1%. Online sales were down 8.8% to $32.2m for the 13-week period ended 28 January.  Zumiez  Zumiez said its fourth-quarter earnings performance exceeded expectations,with net income in the period ended 28 January, increasing 38.3% to US$18.2m, compared to $13.1m in the year-ago period. Net sales for the quarter were also up, increasing 8.7% to $263.6m from $242.4m, while comparable sales for the period increased 5.1% compared to a 9.5% decrease last year. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, moved to a loss in its fourth-quarter. For the period ended 31 December, net loss from continuing operations was US$4.9m, compared to net income from continuing operations of $0.7m for the prior year period. Net sales, meanwhile, were up 108% to $42m from $20.3m in the prior year period, primarily due to the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands, as well as 3% growth in Robert Graham. Gross margin fell to 51.8% compared to 59.9% last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans, which carries a lower gross margin rate as a wholesale business. Sears Holdings US retail giant Sears Holdings revealed a widening of its net loss in the quarter to US$607m from $580m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed slightly from 21.8% to 21.3%, primarily attributed to lower margins in the apparel business, and an increase in promotional activities. Net revenues fell to $6.1bn from $7.3bn in the prior year quarter. CEO Edward Lampert, noted: "We delivered significant Adjusted EBITDA improvement in the fourth quarter, reflecting our firm focus on profitability to offset ongoing revenue pressures. Building on this positive momentum, we are taking decisive actions to become a more agile and competitive retailer with a clear path toward profitability." Tailored Brands Tailored Brands, the former Men's Wearhouse, said it has booked a lower than expected fourth-quarter, despite driving its net loss down to US$30.1m, compared to $1.1bn last year. Retail gross margin increased 60 basis points to 39.0%, primarily as a result of "anniversarying" an $11m inventory write-down in last year's fourth-quarter. "Unfortunately, the challenging retail environment resulted in soft traffic across our retail brands, which drove lower than anticipated fourth quarter and full year net sales and gross margins," said CEO Doug Ewert. Express Express said its fourth-quarter earnings were in line with its guidance, despite net income dropping to US$22.8m from $56.1m a year earlier. Merchandise margin declined by 330 basis points, driven by increased promotional activity. Net sales fell 11% to $678.8m from $765.6m, while comparable sales (including e-commerce sales) decreased 13%. CEO David Kornberg, noted:  "Despite ongoing pressures in the retail sector, our fourth quarter earnings were in line with previously issued guidance. As expected, our store performance continued to be impacted by challenging mall traffic and a promotional retail environment. As our industry adapts to changing consumer preferences, we continue to invest in our omni-channel and marketing capabilities to ensure that we capitalize on this evolution."  The Children's Place The Children's Place has achieved what it says was a "spectacular" year thanks to significant progress on its numerous self-help initiatives. "Our product assortment, supported by a foundation of superior design, sourcing and merchandising capabilities, clearly resonated with our customers," said CEO Jane Elfers. Net income for the quarter almost doubled to US$34.2m from $17.5m a year earlier. Gross margin improved 50 basis points to 36.1% thanks to merchandise margin leverage and a higher Average Unit Retail (AUR). Net sales were up 4.5% to $520.8m on a comparable retail sales increase of 6.9%. For the full year, earnings soared 77% to $102.3m, while net sales were up 3.4% to $1.78bn. Stein Mart Stein Mart has revealed a "disappointing" fourth-quarter as the company continued to work through higher than desired inventory levels and the impact of changes to marketing, merchandising and promotions implemented during the third quarter. The company moved to a net loss of US$4.9m from earnings $6.3m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 22.8% from 26.8% a year earlier. Total sales were down 2.2% to $385.5m, while comparable store sales dropped 5.5%. CEO Hunt Hawkins, said: "With our new executive leadership now in place, 2017 will be a year of transition as we refine and organise around our strategies. Lessons learned from last year have us keenly focused on changes we need to make to our business to significantly improve management of our inventories and increase sales productivity." Weyco Group Weyco has booked a mixed fourth-quarter as earnings rose but sales fell. For the three month period, net income amounted to US$8.3m from $8.2m a year earlier. The 2015 figure included a $458,000 earnout payment relating to the company's 2011 acquisition of the BOGS/Rafters brands. Without this, earnings would have been down 9%. Net sales for the quarter were down 6% to $82.1m. Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said it was pleased with its fourth-quarter, despite booking a mixed period which saw revenues rise but earnings fall. For the 13 weeks to 28 January, net income fell 30% to US$90.2m, compared to $129m in the year-ago period. Net sales increased 10.9% to US$2.5bn, while same-store sales were up 5.3%. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will "continue to be aggressive" and evolve its business.  Black Diamond Black Diamond has narrowed its losses in the fourth quarter, to US$1.39bn from $31.7bn a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 29.1% from 33.5%, weighed down by foreign currency headwinds. Sales were down 6% to $41.4m, due to unseasonably dry European winter conditions impacting ski product sales and the company's measured approach to scaling back its apparel line. CEO John Walbrecht, said: "While we still faced foreign exchange headwinds and margin constraints due to our manufacturing repatriation, demand for climbing and mountain products remained strong. We also continued to experience growing momentum in our direct-to-consumer and independent global distributor businesses, as both channels continue to grow in the strong double-digits." Sequential Brands Brand management company Sequential Brands narrowed its losses to US$980,000 in the fourth quarter, from $5.7m in the same period last year. Revenue for the three months to 31 December increased 44% to $45.4m, compared to $31.4m in the year-ago period. For the year ending 31 December, 2017, the company is expecting $170m to $175m in revenue. CEO Yehuda Shmidman said: "Looking ahead, despite a challenging macro retail environment, we will remain focused on growing our core business and maximising operating efficiencies, inclusive of new revenue initiatives already underway." Stage Stores Stage Stores moved to a loss in the fourth quarter and revealed a drop in sales. For the quarter ended 28 January, net loss was US$6.8m versus a profit of $21m last year. Net sales fell 9.6% to $454.4m, compared to $502.6m in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were down 8.5%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "Our fourth-quarter adjusted earnings reflect continued challenges in our oil impacted and border states, as well as the overall soft retail environment. Weak traffic led to heightened promotional activity and gross margin pressure in the quarter, yet we are pleased to end 2016 with inventory levels that are 6% lower than last year. In addition, our direct-to-consumer business grew at a double digit rate as we enhanced our customers' online experience."   Burlington Stores Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue incense in the fourth quarter, booking a 27.1% rise in net income from US$98.8m to $125.6m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 41.8%, driven by improved shortage results. Net sales were up 9.4%, or $144.9m, to $1.7bn from $1.5bn thanks to a 4.6% increase in comparable store sales and $82.1m in sales from new and non-comparable stores. For the full year, the company expects sales to increase in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%, and comparable sales to be up 2% to 3%. Abercrombie & Fitch Co Abercrombie & Fitch said its fourth-quarter results did not meet expectations, despite 2016 being a year of "significant progress" on each of its strategic priorities. Earnings were down 15.4% to US$48.8m, while gross margin narrowed 90 basis points to 59.3%. Net sales fell 7% to $1.04bn, with comparable sales for the quarter down 5%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 13% to $442.4m, while Hollister sales were down 2% to $594m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 8% to $688.2m in the US, and 5% to $348.2m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "We continued to proactively respond to the evolving retail landscape through our store closure and channel optimisation initiatives. While the environment is likely to remain challenging in 2017, we have a strong balance sheet and continue to aggressively manage costs … to position our business for sustainable growth." Croc's US footwear firm Crocs  booked revenue in-line with guidance at US$187.4m from $208.7m a year earlier. On a constant-currency basis, revenues fell 10.5%. The company reported a net loss of $40.6m, compared to a loss of $70.2m in the year ago period. CEO Gregg Ribatt said: "Our fourth quarter revenues were in line with our expectations while our adjusted gross margin rate improved by approximately 550 basis points versus prior year. This gross margin gain was less than previously anticipated due to currency and channel mix fluctuations and also to certain one-time events, however we are still on track to achieve our medium-term target for gross margins in the low 50% range." Crocs also revealed Ribbatt will step down as CEO but continue in his board role. Andrew Rees, who joined the company in June 2014 as president, will be promoted to president and CEO, effective 1 June. The company will also close aroundd 160 stores by the end of 2018, reducing its total store count from 558 to around 400.  American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a decline in both earnings and revenue for the fourth quarter, with net income slipping 33.1% to US$54.6m from $81.7m in the year ago period. Gross margin increased 30 basis points to 35.4%, compared to 35.1% last year. Total revenues decreased 1% to $1.1bn from $1.11bn in the same period last year. Consolidated comparable sales were up slightly, following a 4% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "We've made great progress, yet we have much more opportunity across the marketplace. I'm confident that the strength of our brands and focused priorities will enable us to deliver long-term returns to our shareholders." Ross Stores Ross Stores booked fourth-quarter earnings and sales that beat company expectations. Net profit grew 13.8% to US$300.6m from $264.2m last year, while total sales rose 8% to $3.5bn. Comparable store sales were up 4% versus a 4% gain in the prior year. CEO Barbara Rentler noted: "We are very pleased with our better-than-expected sales and earnings results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, especially given our strong multi-year comparisons and the highly competitive and promotional holiday season. Our results continued to benefit from our ability to offer customers great values on a wide assortment of gifts and fashions for the family and the home."For the year ending 3 February, 2018, the company has forecast EPS in the range of $3.02 to $3.15, up 7% to 11% from $2.83 in fiscal 2016. Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it is pleased with the momentum in its core business after delivering what it called "solid" earnings results in the fourth quarter. For the three months ended 31 December, earnings climbed 11.5% to US$28.7m from $25.7m last year. However, the company said overall sales declined "modestly" due primarily to softness in its private label footwear and cold weather accessories businesses. Sales were down 2.3% in the period to $336.4m, compared to $344.3m last year. Gross margin expanded 260 basis points to 38.7% as compared to 36.1%. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said while the company is cautious about the overall environment, it is confident it can drive top and bottom line growth in 2017 and beyond. Target Corp US retail group Target has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on soft store traffic declines and what it calls rapidly-changing consumerbehaviour. For the three months ended 28 January, net earnings tumbled 42.7% from US$1.4bn to $817m. Sales dropped 4.3% to $20.7bn from $21.6bn, reflecting a 1.5% decline in comparable sales combined with the removal of pharmacy and clinic sales from this year's results. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 34% and contributing 1.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 26.9%, compared with 27.9% in the year ago period. The retailer said it will reveal a new financial model later today, designed to position Target for long-term, sustainable growth in "this new era in retail".  "Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behaviour, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores," said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. Foot Locker US footwear retailer Foot Locker has generated what it says is its seventh consecutive year of "meaningful" sales and profit growth as it revealed higher earnings in its fourth-quarter to US$189m from $158m a year earlier. Gross margin improved to 33.7% of sales from 33.6% a year ago, while total sales climbed 5.3% to $2.11bn. Comparable store sales increased 5%. CEO Richard Johnson, said: "Generating our seventh consecutive year of meaningful sales and profit growth is a strong testament to Foot Locker's solid position at the centre of sneaker culture. Due in part to the change in the cadence of income tax refund check distribution, we are facing a challenging retail sales environment as we enter 2017; however, we believe the strategic initiatives we have in place, coupled with our strong vendor relationships, will enable us to deliver another year of record performance." Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked fourth-quarter earnings that exceeded expectations, reflecting what it calls "continuous improvements" to its operating model. For the period ended 28 January, net earnings were up 11.7% to US$201m, from $180m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.4% to $4.2bn compared to $4.1bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.9%. Gross margin, meanwhile, improved 112 basis points, reflecting strong inventory execution in addition to reduced competitive markdowns. For the full year, the company reached record sales of $14.5bn, up from $14.1bn last year. Carter's Carter's has had what it says was a "strong finish to another record year" as it revealed higher sales and earnings in its fourth-quarter. Net income was up 20% to US$87.1m, while operating margin improved 150 basis points to 14.9%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 7.8% to reach $67.7m, thanks to revenue growth in nearly every business segment. CEO Michael Casey, said: "Our focus on providing the best value and experience in young children's apparel, extending the reach of our brands, and improving profitability enabled us to achieve our 28th consecutive year of sales growth, improve our profit margins, and increase the return of capital to shareholders. We are forecasting good growth in sales and earnings in 2017." Kohl's Department store retailer Kohl's has posted what it says are "weak" sales results for the fourth quarter, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic. For the three months ended 28 January, net sales dropped 2.8% to US$6.21bn from $6.39bn in the year-ago period. Net profit was also down, falling 15% to $252m, compared to $296 last year. Gross margin was flat at 33.4%. CEO Kevin Mansell, said: "Sales results were weak for the quarter in total, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic, and offset somewhat by strength in online demand. We saw improvement in merchandise margin, and our team continued to manage inventory and expenses extremely well. In 2017, we will accelerate our focus on becoming the destination for active and wellness with the launch of Under Armour in early March. We will also extend our efforts on improving our speed to market across all of our proprietary brands into all apparel areas and home." L Brands L Brands booked a mixed fourth-quarter as sales climbed but earnings fell, albeit only slightly. For the three months ended 28 January, the owner of Victoria's Secret said net income fell 0.7% to US$631.7m from $636.0m a year ago. Meanwhile, the company reported net sales of $4.5bn, an increase of 2% compared to sales of $4.4bn for the year ago period. Comparable sales were flat for the period. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 2 percentage points and 4 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company said it expects first-quarter earnings per share to be $0.20 to $0.25, and $3.05 to $3.35 for 2017 full-year earnings. Iconix Brand Group Brand management company Iconix Brand Group booked a loss of approximately US$297.5m in its fourth-quarter, compared to a loss of around $263.0m a year earlier. Licensing sales fell 8% to $87.1m Revenue in the prior year's fourth quarter included approximately $1.3m of licensing revenue from the Badgley Mischka brand, Iconix said, for which there was no comparable revenue this year, due to its sale in the first quarter. The company also made an operating loss of around $385.8m, as compared to a loss of $398.2m in the year ago period. CEO John Haugh said: "2016 was a year of transition for Iconix. Our operating performance was in-line with our guidance. I believe the changes we have made over the past year provide a strong foundation to drive long term growth and shareholder value."  Chico's FAS Chico's says it is "extremely pleased" with its fourth-quarter results as it moved to a profit thanks to gross margin expansion and execution of its strategic initiatives. Earnings amounted to US$13.5m from a loss of $21.1m a year earlier, while gross margin expanded to 35.5% from 34.4%. Sales, meanwhile, dropped 4.9% to $600.8m as a result of the sale of the firm's Boston Proper direct-to-consumer business last year. Excluding this, sales dropped 2.3%, primarily reflecting a decline in comparable sales of 2.5%, comprised of reduced transaction count and an increase in average dollar sale. TJX Companies TJX Companies revealed an "above-plan" fourth-quarter, booking increases in both sales and earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income grew1.7% to US$678m from $666m in the year ago period. Gross profit margin was down 0.4 percentage points to 28.3%, versus the prior year. Net sales were up 6% to $9.5bn, compared to $9bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 3%. CEO and president Ernie Herrman said: "The year 2016 was another terrific year for TJX on top of many great years. We were proud to mark our 40-year milestone as a company and surpass $33bn in sales." Wolverine Worldwide US clothing and footwear business Wolverine Worldwide has reported a net loss of $2.4m in the fourth quarter, compared to earnings of $11.9m last year. For the period ended 31 December, the company booked a drop in sales, with reported revenue falling 2.9% to US$729.6m compared to the year ago period. Reported gross margin widened slightly to 36.6% from 36.2% in the prior year, and 37.7% on a constant currency basis, an increase of 110 basis points versus the prior year. Reported diluted earnings per share were $0.89, compared to $1.20 in year ago period. CEO Blake Krueger said the company is "well positioned going into 2017 to deliver stronger earnings and perform in what we believe will be a consumer and retail environment that we refer to internally as the 'new normal.'"  Dillard's Dillards has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on mall traffic declines from continued retail industry challenges. "In response, we are ramping up our efforts to bring more distinctive brand and service experiences to Dillard's, both in-store and online," said CEO William Dillard. Earnings fell to US$56.9m from $84m a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations narrowed 73 basis points. Net sales dropped to $1.94bn from $2.07bn last year. Macy's Department store retailer Macy's saw both earnings and sales fall in its fourth-quarter, and said it expects total sales to be down between 3.2%-4.3% in fiscal 2017, reflecting the 66 stores closed in 2016. Net income fell 12.7% to US$475m from $544m in the year ago period. Gross margin widened slightly to 38.8% from 37.4%, while net sales totalled $8.5bn, a drop of 4.5% on last year. Comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis were down 2.1% in the quarter. Macy's also revealed its previously announced CEO transition will take place on 23 March. Jeff Gennette, currently president of Macy's, will assume the CEO role and Terry Lundgren will continue as executive chairman of the company. Walmart US retail giant Walmart has booked a drop in fourth-quarter earnings, weighed down by a drop in sales in its international division and heavy investment in its both its store and e-commerce operations. Net profit fell 17.9% to US$3.76bn, while total sales edged up 1% to $130.9bn. Comparable sales were up for the tenth consecutive quarter, at 1.8%. Wal-Mart's online sales also accelerated, boosted by its acquisition of Jet.com, with US digital sales jumping 29%. Domestic sales were up 2.8% to $83.7bn, while international sales fell 5.1% to $31bn. Sam's Club sales were up 3% to $14.98bn. "We're moving with speed to become more of a digital enterprise and better serve customers," says CEO Doug McMillon. "We had a very solid fourth-quarter. Our international business is consistently delivering solid sales growth in constant currency, and Sam's Club posted its best comp sales growth of the year." VF Corporation US apparel giant VF Corporation revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2016. Net income fell 15% to US$264.3m in the three months to December, from $312.2m the year before. As a result of the sale of its Contemporary Brands businesses, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $98m in 2016, which also includes the operating results of the businesses, net of tax. Gross margin improved 90 basis points to a record 49.1% on a reported basis, while total revenues were relatively flat at $3.32 from $3.33. Brand revenue at Vans was up 14% and by 4% at Timberland, but fell 8% at The North Face. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade says it is exploring and evaluating "strategic alternatives to further enhance shareholder value" as it revealed higher fourth-quarter earnings and sales. Net earnings reached US$87m in the three months to the end of December from $62m a year earlier. Gross margin, however, narrowed to 59.2% from 60.2%, while net sales were up 9.8% to $471m. Direct-to-consumer comparable sales growth reached 9.3%. For the full year, earnings jumped to $153.6m from $17.1m, while net sales climbed 11.2% to $1.38bn. Rocky Brands Rocky Brands has moved to a loss in both its fourth-quarter and full-year, after incurring non-cash impairment charges. Despite this, CEO Mike Brooks said he is "confident" the changes to the company's operating strategies and leadership team has made it a stronger organisation that will return greater value to its shareholders over the long-term. For the three months ended 31 December, Rocky Brands reported a net loss of US$0.6m from earnings of $1.4m in the year ago period. Excluding charges, the company recorded earnings of $1.3m. Sales, meanwhile, increased 2.6% to $67m. Wholesale sales declined 8.9% to $42.4m, while retail sales edged up to $13.7m from $13.5m. Gross margin dropped 140 basis points to 32.5%. For the full year, net losses amounted to $2.1m from earnings of $6.6m in 2015. Excluding charges, the company made earnings of $0.6m. Sales decreased 3.4% to $260.3m. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase slightly in the fourth quarter, up 1% to US$1.29bn from $1.28bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 27 November, net income slipped to $96m, down 5% from $101m last year. The decline reflected investments associated with the expansion of company-operated stores network and e-commerce, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 50.7% from 51.2%. In Europe, net revenues were up 13%, while in both the Americas and Asia net revenues declined 1%. "We are pleased to report our fourth consecutive year of profitable constant currency revenue growth behind the strength of the Levi's brand and our global direct-to-consumer business," said Chip Bergh, president CEO. "Looking ahead, although it remains a very challenging environment, given our diversified portfolio we remain optimistic about our long term prospects for growth." Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record four-quarter net sales of US$717.4m, a 3% increase compared with net sales of $699.4m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 34% to $84.7m from $63.4m in the year ago period. For the full year, Columbia also booked record sales and earnings, with net sales up 2% to $2.38bn and net income reaching $191.9m, a 10% increase on fiscal 2015. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 4%, and net income of between $192m and $200m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "We are very proud of our fourth quarter and full year 2016 performance against a challenging backdrop in many of our largest markets. Record net sales, record gross margins, record operating income, expanded operating margin, and record net income reflect our powerful brand portfolio, robust operational platforms and disciplined prioritisation of investments." Skechers  Despite achieving new fourth-quarter and full-year net sales records, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip by more than three quarters in the three months ended 31 December. Sales in the quarter were up 5.8% to US$764.3m on last year, but the company reported an earnings decline of 77.4% to $6.7m. For the full year, net sales increased 13.2% to $3.56bn on last year, while earnings reached $243.5m, compared to $231.9m at the end of 2015. For the first quarter of 2017, the company expects net sales in the range of $1.05bn to $1.08bn. Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters has delivered "record" fourth-quarter sales, growing 2% to US$1.03bn. However total comparable sales were flat, but were up 2% at the Urban Outfitters brand and 1.2% at Free People. Comparable sales decreased 2.9% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by lower retail store comparable net sales. Net income meanwhile, slipped 12.2% to $64m from $72.9m in the year-ago period. For the full year, total company net sales increased to $3.5bn or 3% over the prior year. Comparable sales increased 1%. Net income fell 2.9% to $218m, versus $224.5bn last year. Tweet Sportsman's Warehouse taps Walmart exec as COO PREVIOUS New tool helps Adidas manage China trade NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Companies: Abercrombie & Fitch Co, American Eagle Outfitters, Calvin Klein Inc, Cato Corporation, Chico’s FAS, Citi Trends Inc, Columbia Sportswear Company, Crocs Inc, Destination XL Group, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Differential Brands Group, DSW Inc, Foot Locker Inc, Genesco Inc, Iconix Brand Group Inc, J Crew Inc, Kate Spade & Co, Kohl’s Corporation, Macy’s Inc, Nike Inc, Nordstrom Inc, Oxford Industries Inc, Perry Ellis International Inc, PVH Corporation, Rocky Brands Inc, Ross Stores Inc, Sears Holdings Corporation, Sequential Brands Group, Shoe Carnival, Skechers USA Inc, Stage Stores Inc, Stein Mart, Steven Madden, Tailored Brands Inc , Target Corporation, Bon-Ton Stores Inc, Buckle Inc, Children’s Place Retail Stores Inc, Finish Line Inc, Timberland Company, TJX Companies Inc, Tommy Hilfiger Group, Under Armour Inc, Urban Outfitters Inc, VF Corporation, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Weyco Group, Wolverine World Wide Inc, Zumiez Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW NEWS Li & Fung to create "supply chain of the future" for PVH RESEARCH American Eagle Outfitters Inc in Apparel and Footwear (World) While a soft macro environment has negatively impacted other brands, American Eagle Outfitters has taken several encouraging steps to improve its results. However, a weak FY2016 fourth quarter announc... NEWS American Eagle Outfitters outlines 2017 growth plans US apparel retailer American Eagle Outfitters has revealed plans for new-look stores, designed to highlight its "leading" jeans business, alongside plans to grow its Aerie lingerie brand. ... RESEARCH Clothing Wholesalers (GLOBAL) - Industry Report Plimsoll Publishing’s Clothing Wholesalers (GLOBAL) Analysis provides a detailed overview of the UK Clothing Wholesalers (GLOBAL) market and delivers a comprehensive individual analysis on the top 500... NEWS New Ethiopia textile and apparel parks planned RESEARCH Childrenswear in Israel Childrenswear is a fast-growing apparel category in Israel. This growth is derived mainly from the constantly positive birth rate and the greater willingness of Israeli parents to spend money on their... NEWS Arvind Q3 earnings hit by demonetisation Indian textile and apparel business Arvind Limited has posted lower earnings in its third-quarter as a result of demonetisation and higher expenses.... RESEARCH Winter Wear Market in Europe 2016-2020 About Winter Wear in Europe Product sales in this particular market depends on seasons, and is driven by the climatic conditions of a region. Winter seasons that are relatively warmer can hamper the... Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights Digitalisation and data to disrupt supply chains EU eyes mandatory due diligence for apparel supply 3D CAD comes of age Unlocks for the future fashion sourcing landscape What TTIP might mean for US, EU textiles & apparel News Li & Fung forms supply chain partnership with PVH Big data to help US firms improve clothing fit Levi Strauss and ILO probe Cambodia factory death US Q4 in brief – G-III Apparel, Finish Line Labour rights risk Bangladesh EU trade benefits? Market research Central and East Europe Report Package Central America strategic sourcing review - a focus on Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras Southeast Asia strategic sourcing review – a focus on Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar Outdoor performance apparel 2016: A broader perspective REPORT BUNDLE: Africa-Med, Southeast Asia and Central America strategic sourcing pack Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Nike Inc Adidas Group Inditex SA VF Corporation Primark Levi Strauss & Co Gap Inc Zara Wal-Mart Stores Inc PVH Corporation Under Armour Inc Tommy Hilfiger Group C&A Target Corporation Lectra Tesco Plc Calvin Klein Inc JC Penney Company Inc All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments See where German supermarket chain is planning stores in N.J. Lidl-US-Store-Exterior.jpg A rendering of how Lidl grocery stores in the U.S. will look. (David Keith/Lidl) Print Email Rebecca Everett | For NJ.com By Rebecca Everett | For NJ.com South Jersey Newspapers Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 28, 2017 at 2:27 PM, updated March 28, 2017 at 5:03 PM comments Lidl, the German grocery store chain that is hoping to open its first U.S. stores this summer, is in the planning stages for stores in five counties in South Jersey. The newest plans for stores are in Camden, Burlington, Gloucester and Atlantic counties, while officials in Cumberland County have already approved three Lidl grocery stores. The company said it plans to open around 100 stores up and down the East Coast within a year, creating an estimated 4,000 jobs. The company has been interested in sites around New Jersey and in the Philadelphia area, a spokesman confirmed, though he said he cannot address specific sites yet. "We are actively preparing a number of sites in the area as part of our expansion," Will Harwood, spokesman for Lidl US, said Tuesday. "Ultimately, our expansion is driven by our belief that Lidl will be a great shopping destination for customers in the area. We are committed to delivering a shopping experience that reduces the compromises customers often face around price, quality and convenience." In Camden County, Cherry Hill Township officials will consider allowing the chain to build a new 35,962-square-foot store at 400 Route 38. The matter will come before the Planning Board April 3. 6 things about Lidl - like how to pronounce it According to the Courier-Post, the site would be between Cuthbert Boulevard and an existing Wawa along Route 38. The newspaper also reported that Lidl is eyeing the former Nike missile base on Berlin-Cross Keys Road in Gloucester Township for another store. In Burlington County, two Lidl stores are planned for Route 541 in Burlington Township and for the Garden State Inn site on Route 130 in Cinnaminson. The Burlington Township store has approval from local officials but still needs an OK from the county, according to the Burlington County TImes, while the Courier-Post reports that the Cinnaminson Planning Board will consider plans in May or June. In Gloucester County, Mantua Township officials said a Lidl store is in the planning stages. If it opens on the site on Route 553, it would be the first grocery store in the township since an Acme closed in 2013. Egg Harbor Township in Atlantic County could get a Lidl at 6814 Black Horse Pike, the site of the current Trocki Hebrew Academy, according to state DEP documents. Shore News Today reported that the plans, currently before the Planning Board, call for subdividing the 14-acre property so the academy will have about nine acres and Lidl's planned 36,000-square-foot store would be on nearly five acres. Projects in Cumberland County already have approval. Construction is already underway at the Vineland location, on West Landis Avenue near Wal-Mart and ShopRite. Stores are also planned for NJ-47 near the Wal-Mart in Millville and on Bridgeton Pike near Carll's Corner in Upper Deerfield. Lidl is also planning stores in Central and Northern New Jersey, according to reports. The Asbury Park Press reported that officials have approved Lidl supermarkets in Lacey Township in Ocean County and Hazlet and Eatontown in Monmouth County, while Jersey Digs reported a store is coming to Union Township in Union County. Lidl plans to open its first 20 stores in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia this summer. The company set up headquarters in the U.S. in 2015, but it operates approximately 10,000 stores in 27 countries in Europe. It's competitor, Aldi, has been in the U.S. since 1973 and has 1,300 stores here. Rebecca Everett may be reached at reverett@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @rebeccajeverett. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items CalPERS, CalSTRS, Other Investors Have Indemnified Private Equity Criminal Conduct Even Though Fiduciary Counsels Say No - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether Immigrants and Innovation in US History - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/28/17 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether How Monopolies Stymie Political Activism: The Case of Black-Owned Businesses - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…Maybe - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Why Did Preet Bharara Refuse to Drain the Wall Street Swamp? - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Chicago Meetup Follow-Up - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 Posted on March 28, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “House Republicans’ proposal to create a border-adjustable business tax — a linchpin of the overall reform plan, given the revenue it is expected to bring in — is already on life-support, with Senate Republicans skeptical it could pass their chamber as is, and the White House declining to take a clear stance on the issue. Border-adjustment has also so dominated the tax-reform debate that some say lawmakers have barely begun to consider the myriad other hugely controversial changes the plan would make” [Politico]. Politics New Cold War This morning in Links, on the same story, I asked “So will Cheney become a liberal icon now, like Bush?” After lunch, I had my answer! Never thought I&#39;d find myself agreeing with Dick Cheney. . . https://t.co/cRBisvpTop &mdash; Laurence Tribe (@tribelaw) March 27, 2017 Also, compare the Politico headline, at 03/27/17 04:08 PM: Cheney: Russian meddling possibly ‘an act of war’ With WaPo’s headline, at March 28 at 12:23 PM Cheney delivers a statement on Russian meddling: It’s an ‘act of war’ Planted or not, this is impressive: Lindsey Graham opened his town hall yesterday with a monologue on Russia, then fielded *nine* Russia-related Qs. from (Dem) constituents. &mdash; Michael Tracey (@mtracey) March 27, 2017 “My hunch is that … the 2016 campaign-collusion story will turn out to be a dead end. Much more interesting is the saga of the formation of Trump’s views of Russia over the last twenty-five years” [David Warsh]. Summarizing Warsh’s informed speculation, the Trump+Russia story is more likely to be a New York real estate story starting back in the 90s; Warsh aggregates some actual reporting to that effect. Who remembers Geraldine Ferraro? “The Devin Nunes wiretapping saga, explained” [WaPo]. We seem to have reached the Benghazi hairball stage. Anyhow, here’s a timeline. Health Care UPDATE “How Democrats Aided in the Demise of the GOP’s Health Bill” [Wall Street Journal]. If you’re looking for an explanation of why the #SaveTheACA crowd “never, ever” mentioned #MedicareForAll, the roster of Democrat establishment flexians involved in this effort may help. “With AHCA defeat, some Democrats see chance to push for universal coverage” [WaPo]. This story… [Please allow me a moment to pound my head on my desk. There. Thank you]. Quoting: At their first town meeting since the Republicans’ surprise surrender on the Affordable Care Act, progressives in blue America celebrated — then asked for more. Rhode Island’s two Democratic senators, joined by Rep. Jim Langevin, told several hundred happy constituents that the next step in health reform had to mean expanded coverage, provided by the government. “We have to look harder at a single-payer system,” said Langevin (D-R.I.), using a term for universal coverage. “I’m old enough to have voted for a single-payer system in the House,” said Sen. Jack Reed, Rhode Island’s senior senator. “The very best market-based solution is to have a public option,” Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse said. I’m happy that the voters are asking for more after a victory. That’s a very good sign. I’m unhappy that the idiot reporter doesn’t point out that universal coverage and the so-called “public option” are not the same. I’m extremely unhappy with Whitehouse’s “Because markets.” Really, who cares? I’m even more unhappy with the effing career “progressives” of 2009-2010, who introduced the so-called “public option” to run interference for Obama by suppressing single payer, and introduced the brand confusion between it, and genuine Medicare for All, a confusion that persists to this day and allows Whitehouse to go all flaccid on policy. And I’m terrified that Sanders is going to screw things up, since the “public option” discourse has polluted everything it ever touched. See here. Since given the givens, we’re not going to get either single payer or the so-called “public option” before 2018, why not run on the best possible policy, one that voters support, instead of, like Obama, pre-compromising? Trump Transition “Trump’s morally repugnant budget must be defeated: Sen. Bernie Sanders” [USA Today]. Sanders: “Far from compassionate, this budget — if enacted — would be one of the cruelest in American history. In the words of former Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower, the four star general who warned us about the power of the military industrial complex, it, ‘signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.'” “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too” [Glenn Reynolds, USA Today]. “The continuing infrastructure fiasco” [DC Velocity]. “On March 2, the U.S. Conference of Mayors also weighed in on the subject, pressing the federal government to distribute infrastructure funds directly to cities, bypassing the states. In short, the entire problem has gotten out of control. There still is no sign of an overall plan for the needed improvements. And the funding issue is far from resolved. Many of our needs will not be attractive to investors. And even if private investors step up to finance specific road and bridge projects, they will have to be repaid, which means the costs will ultimately be passed on to users. We could easily find ourselves paying tolls and user fees, plus increased state taxes, leaving us in a worse position than we would have been in if Congress had simply raised fuel taxes in the first place. And as far as the ‘new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports, and railways gleaming across our beautiful land,; good luck with that one.” More New York real estate: “Paul Manafort’s Puzzling New York Real Estate Purchases” [WYNC]. “Manafort’s New York City transactions follow a pattern: Using shell companies, he purchased the homes in all-cash deals, then transferred the properties into his own name for no money and then took out hefty mortgages against them, according to property records.” 2016 Post Mortem “To the extent Democratic turnout was weak, it was mainly among black voters. Even there, the scale of Democratic weakness has been exaggerated” [New York Times]. “Instead, it’s clear that large numbers of white, working-class voters shifted from the Democrats to Mr. Trump. Over all, almost one in four of President Obama’s 2012 white working-class supporters defected from the Democrats in 2016, either supporting Mr. Trump or voting for a third-party candidate.” As usual, I would like to see “white” removed, surgically if necessary, from “working class,” to see what new possibilities open up. I would bet that black working class rejection of Democrats is expressed as low turnout (anecdotes from IIRC Milwaukee here), since they couldn’t bring themselves to vote for Trump. It sure is puzzling that all those white racists checked their privilege and voted for Obama twice, though. Funny, life! Realignment and Legitimacy “A Haunting Debut Looks Ahead to a Second American Civil War” [New York Times]. “Set in the closing decades of the 21st century and the opening ones of the 22nd, El Akkad’s novel recounts what happened during the Second American Civil War between the North and South and its catastrophic aftermath. It is a story that extrapolates the deep, partisan divisions that already plague American politics and looks at where those widening splits could lead. A story that maps the palpable consequences for the world of accelerating climate change and an unraveling United States. A story that imagines what might happen if the terrifying realities of today’s wars in Iraq and Afghanistan — drone strikes, torture, suicide bombers — were to come home to America.” Zeitgeist watch… “A conversation continued over health care” [Castle Rock News]. Local report on Indivisible group in Colorado. No mention of single payer. “North Carolina’s ‘Bathroom Bill’ Could Cost the State More Than $3 Billion” [AP]. “Lemons: Gun-Totin’ Left-Wingers Demonstrate at the Arizona Capitol: Is Bloodshed on the Horizon?” [Phoenix New Times]. “Calexit: The “Bad Boys of Brexit” throw their weight behind move to split state” [Mercury News]. Stats Watch Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index, March 2017: “Manufacturing activity in the Fifth District expanded for the fifth consecutive month in March” [Econoday]. “The robust strength in manufacturing reported by the Fifth District is in line with strength seen in other regional reports, but it has yet to translate to similar strength in actual factory data out of Washington.” International Trade in Goods, February 2017: “A sharp 2.1 percent drop in imports helped to narrow a smaller-than-expected $64.8 billion goods deficit in February, masking however another weak showing for exports which edged 0.1 percent lower” [Econoday]. “Also released with this report are advance data on wholesale and retail inventories, both of which rose 0.4 percent in February. These inventory readings may help GDP estimates, where inventory builds are a positive, but not the outlook for production and employment which may suffer if the builds, during this period of slow growth, turn out in fact to be unwanted.” Wholesale Inventories [Advance], February 2017: “Wholesale inventories rose 0.4 percent in February with nondurables up 0.9 percent vs only a 0.1 percent rise for the key durable goods component” [Econoday]. Retail Inventories [Advance], February 2017: “Retail inventories rose 0.4 percent in February which looks heavy following an upward revised 0.9 percent rise in January. Year-on-year, retail inventories are up 3.9 percent and may be heavy given how slow February retail sales proved to be” [Econoday]. “Inventories are especially heavy at auto dealers, up 1.1 percent in the month and 9.5 percent year-on-year reflecting contraction so far in this year’s vehicle sales.” Consumer Confidence, March 2017: “It was two cycles ago that the consumer confidence index has been this high” [Econoday]. “At 113.8, the expectations component hasn’t been this high since September 2000. The present situation component is at 143.1 for its best reading since August 2001 which was just at the end of the 1991 to 2001 economic cycle…. Consumers are extremely upbeat right now though the lack of inflation expectations doesn’t quite fit. What else doesn’t fit is actual consumer spending which has failed to match the strength underway in confidence.” Yet again…. And: “An important element will be whether increased confidence in the outlook translates into increased spending or whether there is a move to raise precautionary savings despite higher confidence” [Economic Calendar]. And: “Unusual strength in confidence readings has been the standout feature of the post-election economy. The consumer confidence index has yet to slow, pressing to new cycle highs in February as the spread between optimists and pessimists continued to widen” [247 Wall Street]. State Street Investor Confidence Index, March 2017: “The rise in the confidence of global institutional investors was driven by a sharp increase in the European component, which rose 11.9 points to 95. The Asian component also rose, increasing by 5.3 points to 109.6, but the North American sub-index fell by 0.3 points to 91.6” [Econoday]. “State Street said the return of European investor confidence after a sharp decline in February was due to an easing of political tensions following the Dutch elections, as well as as sustained economic momentum on the back of positive economic surprises in the region. The stalling of U.S. investor confidence, on the other hand, shows understandable caution given the strong run-up in stocks and the simultaneous exit from historically low rates, which has not been experienced before.” S&P Corelogic Case-Shiller Home Price Index, January 2017: “are on the climb” [Econoday]. “The geographic widening in strength is a special plus of this report, one that points to a solid, though not spectacular, contribution from housing.” Commodities: “Canada’s IC Potash Corp. (TSX:ICP) is creating a new research and development subsidiary called ICP Organics to focus on enhancing yields for cannabis growers and increasing the health impact and effects for consumers” [Mining.com]. Retail: “The much-talked-about ‘no cashier convenience store’ called Amazon Go to be launched by e-commerce giant Amazon.com, Inc. through its ‘Project Como’ has got delayed.” [Zacks]. “Amazon has been testing the store at its campus in Seattle, with employees serving as beta testers. Reportedly, the store has been functioning well if there are just a few customers and are moving at a slow pace. As it is not feasible to ask customers to keep a check on their pace, the opening of these stores had to be postponed.” This sounds to me like another idea that MBAs and techies think is great but is in fact stupid. From my small town perspective: First, I like having a cashier. The human contact is good! Second, if there’s no cashier, there’s still going to be a human: A cop in a car, to prevent customers from being robbed. In other words, in good Walmart fashion, the social protective function once served by the cashier will now be funded by me, through my property taxes. Go, Jeff! Manufacturing: “The future of U.S. manufacturing is increasingly being built through automation, and it looks like the robots are coming from abroad” [Wall Street Journal]. “Commerce Department data show the U.S. last year ran a trade deficit of $4.1 billion in advanced “flexible manufacturing” goods with Japan, the European Union and Switzerland, which lead the industry—double the 2003 deficit. The gap poses a big policy problem: As the U.S. tries to increase industrial production, companies probably will have to import the kind of advanced machinery needed to keep American factories competitive. Consolidation in industrial robotics, including big buys by China’s Midea Group and Japan’s Fanuc Corp., and what one expert says is a “brain drain” in American expertise has left a gap in U.S. domestic production, leaving manufacturers looking for imports for innovation.” But we’re still #1 in fabulously expensive bespoke weaponry and financial scams. And opioids. So not to worry. Shipping: “Weak import volumes have left Brazil without the necessary empty containers to fulfil export potential, trapping it in a Catch-22 situation that will hinder long-term economic growth” [The Loadstar]. “This is the view of Antonio Dominguez, [Managing Director] of Maersk Line’s east coast South America cluster, who said carriers could no longer be expected to carry the burden of such inefficiencies.” Political Risk: “[Former BLS head Kathleen Utgoff] isn’t afraid that the Trump Administration will meddle with statistical methodologies or the numbers they produce; that would require co-opting thousands of career government surveyors, statisticians, and economists in an effort to alter data collected from hundreds of thousands of businesses and citizens. (Even Richard Nixon, who, in 1971, hatched a plan to rid the B.L.S. of what he thought was a “Jewish cabal” out to destroy him, was unable to undercut the bureau’s independence.) Nor does anyone object to the reasonable arguments about which unemployment rate (there are six of them) best reflects the true state of the economy. The danger is that a President who disparages the data might convince his followers that bad economic news is political propaganda, and offer numbers that have no statistical rigor behind them” [The New Yorker]. “Good economic statistics benefit the left and the right, government and business. Without reliable data, businesses can’t take risks on investments. Boeing, for example, decides how many 787 Dreamliners to build and therefore how many people to employ based on its Current Market Outlook forecast, which is rooted in B.L.S. data and projects aircraft demand for the next twenty years.” The Fed: “We note the contrasting projections by the Atlanta and New York Federal Reserve’s GDP trackers. The Atlanta Fed’s model has the US economy slowing to a 1.0% annualized pace in Q1. This would be just below the average Q1 pace beginning in 2010. However, the New York Fed’s model has the economy tracking 3.0%. The market (Bloomberg median) is smack in between” [Brown Brothers Harriman, Across the Curve]. Heck, what’s a mere 2% difference? The Fed: “Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said on Monday that he will support further interest rate adjustments if the U.S. economy continues to show progress” [Economic Calendar]. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 33 Fear (previous close: 29, Fear) [CNN]. One week ago: 36 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Mar 28 at 1:23pm. Still hiding under the desk… Health Care “H. R. 676” (PDF). Life’s little ironies: #Irony: "Jim Messina became the unofficial enforcer for neoliberal elements w/in Obama's admin" https://t.co/Y6sphDOw2Q #resist #SinglePayer pic.twitter.com/5uJ6HlMSEe — RoseAnn DeMoro (@RoseAnnDeMoro) March 27, 2017 The 420 “South Carolina Rep. Eric Bedingfield once shunned all marijuana use, but when his eldest son’s six-year struggle with opioid addiction ended with his overdose a year ago, the conservative Republican co-sponsored medical cannabis legislation” [Post and Courier (DK)]. “‘My mindset has changed from somebody who looked down on it as a negative substance to saying, ‘This has benefits,” Bedingfield said recently. The 50-year-old teetotaler believes marijuana may effectively wean addicts from an opioid dependence. Ultimately, the Marine veteran hopes medical marijuana can be an alternative to people being prescribed OxyContin or other opioid painkillers to begin with, helping curb an epidemic he’s seen destroy families of all economic levels.” Water Michael Burry, courtesy phone please! “Managers with the Oregon Water Resources Department have handed out rights to pump water while pleading ignorance about how much was actually available. They have approved new pumping for irrigation even as their own scientists warned it could hurt the water table, interviews and state records show” [The Oregonian]. “Some irrigators are so confident their permits will be approved, they sink wells first and file the paperwork later. Andy Root, a Harney County rancher who began pumping without state approval, said it has long been common practice in the area. He’s since applied to obtain a water permit years after he began pumping.” “Thousands of farmers in the parched Mexican border city of Mexicali are protesting plans by Constellation Brands to build a $1.4 billion plant there, the WSJ’s Robbie Whelan reports, and want President Donald Trump to push for the brewery to move to the U.S. side of the border. The farmers worry that the plant will use too much water, taxing an area where aging irrigation infrastructure and a low water table have already forced farmers to pull tens of thousands of acres out of production” [Wall Street Journal]. “The best estimate is that at present India uses 230-250 cubic kilometres of groundwater each year. This accounts for about one-quarter of the global groundwater use. More than 60% of irrigated agriculture and 85% of domestic water use now depends on groundwater. India now uses more groundwater than China and the United States combined” [Quartz]. “According to official assessments by the Indian ministry of water resources, in 2004, around 29% of the groundwater blocks were critical, semi-critical or over-exploited. It also concluded that the situation was deteriorating rapidly. In 2014, the central groundwater board noted that the number of over-exploited districts increased from 3% in 1995 to 15% in 2011.” Guillotine Watch “But the deafening din crackled with the spirit of a communal rally. [Hamilton] full-throated affirmation of diversity, inclusion and tolerance has taken on new urgency now that these values have fallen under sharp attack. “Hamilton” has become part of the resistance” [Los Angeles Times]. Read Stoller to innoculate yourself against this bullshit. Class Warfare I had to leave this on the cutting room floor for the Frank RIch piece. But: Best way to empower Nazis is to mock white working class people who are dying because of policies Dems implemented. &mdash; Matt Stoller (@matthewstoller) March 24, 2017 Sharpening the contradictions… And this: .@BrookingsEcon&#39;s widely covered #BPEA conference on travails of white middle class makes the big time – Doonesbury! pic.twitter.com/q1nWTxPlcT &mdash; Strobe Talbott (@strobetalbott) March 25, 2017 “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? “Top US coal boss Robert Murray: Trump ‘can’t bring mining jobs back'” [Guardian]. News of the Wired “Galactica stellaris: Astronomers Build a Family Tree for the Milky Way’s Stars” [Scientific American]. “Classification is never easy. Whether it’s monkey species, astronomical objects or elementary particles, there are seemingly endless ways to organize and group things. For centuries biologists have used “family tree” diagrams as their approach of choice for tracing living organisms’ lineages. And now astronomers are borrowing from biology to classify stars this way, too.” “Universal adversarial perturbations” [Archiv.org]. “Can we find a single small image perturbation that fools a state-of-the-art deep neural network classifier on all natural images? We show in this paper the existence of such quasi-imperceptible universal perturbation vectors that lead to misclassify natural images with high probability.” Hmm. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (CW): CW wrote: “This morning, I outside when I heard a shriek from partner and thought the worse (dead chicken??) – no she had found that one of the banana shoots she had put in a year ago was flowering. The flowers are on the end of the bananas and the plant is thick with our small native bees (who share my home and live in one of the walls of my 60s era house). I have so many great flowers and plants here, fruiting trees, even persimmon and ylang ylang. Just about anything will grow and my partner is always cutting off plants and bringing the cuttings home, in the ground and away you go. Yes, we are lucky. We see many different bird species and butterflies large and small, and fruit bats fly in every night to feed off a large ficus tree we have on the back boundary. I’ve been meaning to send in pics of plants etc, but my best camera is my phone, so I have procrastinated. There are two pics I hope you can use attached.” Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00300 This entry was posted in Water Cooler on March 28, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Immigrants and Innovation in US History Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion → Subscribe to Post Comments 163 comments megamike March 28, 2017 at 2:04 pm The Decline of Black Business And what it means for American democracy. http://washingtonmonthly.com/magazine/marchaprilmay-2017/the-decline-of-black-business/ Reply ↓ Jim Haygood March 28, 2017 at 2:17 pm “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too.” This is an enduring mystery. Recall 1994, when Newt Gingrich’s Contract with America really did have ten bills lined up like airplanes on a runway. From an R party perspective, it was hugely successful. They won back majority control of the House after a 40-year hiatus, and proceeded to enact six or seven of the ten bills. But in the following 1996 election, and all those thereafter, no “accountability” promises were offered again. WHY? One can only surmise that politicians fear accountability like vampires flinch from silver crosses (bearing in mind that there may be some overlap between these two demographics — reportedly some House members only come out at night). Reply ↓ Pirmann March 28, 2017 at 3:02 pm What that tells me is, aside from a couple of tweaks here and there, the Republicans pretty much got their agenda pushed through during the 0bama administration, so no substantive changes needed to be lined up for this one. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL March 28, 2017 at 4:45 pm Ding ding ding we have a winner 7 years to construct an ObamaCare alternative but why bother? Since you got the Heritage Foundation version implemented already. With an added, deeply fascist bonus: for the first time (so far) citizens are now required by law to purchase a certain service provided by a private company. Think of the possibilities! Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:52 pm I don’t think this is correct. The corporatist neoliberals may be content, but the Freedom Caucus certainly isn’t. It seems clear to me that the bigger problem is that there is no consensus in the caucus on the role of government. Once Trump won the nomination, the Republicans in the Congress had no incentive to work on bills. He had no pre-existing constituency among the elected. He’s not a Freedom Caucus guy and he’s not (left to his own devices) a Koch guy. Even if they thought he had a chance to win, what he was saying he wanted to do wasn’t relevant to them. And I’m sure they all thought he would lose. The party tried to block him from the nomination, and then in the fall, it tried again to side with Clinton and get her elected. Under those condition, no Trumpian bills could be or would be developed, and those opposed to him and his expressed policy preferences had no reason to craft bills in case he won, either. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 3:20 pm Perhaps because the status-quo has become so comfortable for the duopoly that there’s little need to offer things like actual laws, other than their utility as campaign rhetoric. When the dems are busy polishing the Heritage Foundation turd of the ACA why bother? Dems 2018–We saved Obamacare and you’re whining about single-payer? Repubs 2018–We saved you from single-payer and you’re whining about Obamacare? Reply ↓ charles leseau March 28, 2017 at 3:44 pm LOL. I typed nearly the same thing, but failed to refresh the page in between a little break to see you and Pirmann write it for me. Reply ↓ charles leseau March 28, 2017 at 3:43 pm One can only surmise that politicians fear accountability like vampires flinch from silver crosses. Or maybe that they’re already pretty satisfied with the current status quo, and all their vituperative public positions and cries for change are little more than lines read by hired actors to continuously mollify their constituency. When the opposing party is doing all the work for you, why feel the need to do anything? Reply ↓ zapster March 28, 2017 at 6:22 pm The do-nothing party continues to do nothing. :) Reply ↓ MartyH March 28, 2017 at 6:25 pm Maybe they don’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” because it’s all working so well for their constituents (the ones who fund them) that they’d hate to mess it up. Reply ↓ Steely Glint March 28, 2017 at 7:17 pm That’s because he had aids who knew how to write legislation. After Newt (that vile creature) got rid of those aids, who provided advise to both sides of the aisle & went to partisan $$$ think tanks congress “forgot” how to write bills. I remember one Congress woman stating before the ACA passage that they would have to sharpen their pencils and relearn how to write legislation. As much as I would love to see Medicare for all, as long as $$ rules the day, I believe we would see a whittling away of Medicare as we know it, so people would have to purchase private insurance supplemental policies. http://washingtonmonthly.com/magazine/junejulyaug-2014/the-big-lobotomy/ Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 28, 2017 at 2:19 pm “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? The rose tinted glasses that mask liberal contradictions. Girl Power!* Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 2:42 pm Hijab wearing women in America have voluntarily chosen to be oppressed, unlike women in Saudi Arabia, who are oppressed whether they like it or not. Sometimes real life is its own satire. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 3:28 pm The real liberated women in America bind their feet. Hijabs are for posers Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 3:39 pm Hah! That’s one for the lexicon! Reply ↓ Fred1 March 28, 2017 at 4:24 pm It’s a little bit more complicated that. Please consider A Quiet Revolution by Leila Ahmed, which discusses the unveiling of Muslim women during the 50s, 60s, and 70s, and then the reveiling that continues to today. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 4:33 pm You guys are so far out of it, I’m sorry for you. Nobody is oppressed who wears what she chooses to wear. It is her choice: that is the whole point. Doing what you think she ought to do would be evidence of oppression. Why is this so hard to understand? Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 4:51 pm Pregnant hijab wearers at risk of Vitamin D deficiency http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/293505/hijab-wearers-risk-vitamin-d-deficiency “She carried out her own investigation in 2012, and found that all the women who took part were Vitamin D deficient.” “We investigated Vitamin D status of Middle Eastern women and we found that all women were Vitamin D deficient, all. “We had 44 participants in our study and all were Vitamin D deficient, and I love walking, I love sunshine, when sun’s out – I’m always out, but no benefit, no benefit. But I enjoy it.” Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 5:10 pm Pregnant hijab wearers at risk of Vitamin D deficiency Then there is that.. …no doubt.. I presume that would extend beyond just pregnant women? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:13 pm There are supplements they can take, and in any case it is their choice. I do not understand the hubris of people who think they have a right to tell other adults what to wear. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:26 pm We’re not telling her what to wear — that’s what the Muslim men do — they’re the ones with hubris. She can wear whatever she wants. It’s her right to choose to be submissive — tragically, in some countries, failure to do so would be very dangerous. The whole situation is dripping with irony. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:43 pm You called her oppressed because of what she chooses to wear. Excuse me for reading that as a judgment of what she should wear: it certainly appears that by your standards she would only not be oppressed if she chose as you think she should. I thought the idea of hijab as feminist act was no more than mildly interesting till I saw the way you reacted to it. Who do you think you are to judge her? Why can you not show her the elementary respect of believing that she makes her own choices without coercion? Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm Katherine, are you really unaware of the phenomenon of internalized misogyny and internalized hatred of oneself as “other”? There are women who hate women, black people who hate blackness. It starts very early. The New Testament includes Paul’s letters enforcing the covering of women’s hair. This is a very, very, very old ploy. Are you also fine with the Duggar girls not being allowed to go to school and then married off to pop out babies until their uteruses (uteri?) collapse? They will tell you they are making a free choice. Are they? Is it a choice when a girl hyper-sexualizes herself? Those seven year olds in bikinis? Is that a choice? Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 6:00 pm Somali woman killed for not wearing veil, relatives say http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-28564984 Militant Islamists in Somalia have shot dead a Muslim woman for refusing to wear a veil, her relatives say. Ruqiya Farah Yarow was killed outside her hut near the southern Somali town of Hosingow by gunmen belonging to the al-Shabab group, they say. The militants had ordered her to put on a veil, and then killed her after returning and finding she was still not wearing one, the relatives said. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:16 pm Touche.. i could give a FF what someone wears if it is not an imposition on me. None the less it is mysoginist cultural imposition that I dont care for having to accommodate with any special rules…. no less on the road when they situationally unaware weild toyota corrollas like inertial mass weapons. Reply ↓ Steely Glint March 28, 2017 at 7:41 pm After having a squamous cell carcinoma removed, I believe the burkini is very sensible. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 10:06 pm Well, yes, you have a point. Or one could follow Mary Schmich’s commencement speech advice: http://www.planetgary.com/sunscreen.htm Reply ↓ clarky90 March 28, 2017 at 5:20 pm Implications of vitamin D deficiency in pregnancy and lactation https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3540805/ “Because calcium demands increase in the third trimester of pregnancy, vitamin D status becomes crucial for maternal health, fetal skeletal growth, and optimal maternal and fetal outcomes. … Vitamin D deficiency has long been associated with poor bone development and has been identified as the cause of rickets.Oct 20, 2009” Reply ↓ zapster March 28, 2017 at 6:24 pm I just heard on some podcast that Vit. D deficiency in pregnant women has now been linked to autism in the offspring, as well. Reply ↓ jrs March 28, 2017 at 8:04 pm but are they more or less at risk for it than pregnant office workers … they don’t get much sun either. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:06 pm She’s doing what conservative Muslim men want her to do. This reminds me of Phyllis Schlafly, and her efforts to impede women’s rights. It also resembles the behavior of some lower income people who repeatedly vote for politicians who consistently betray them by serving the interests of the ultra-rich. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 5:12 pm Holy Smoke..Phyllis Schlafly eeek, haven’t heard her name invoked in a while Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 5:28 pm She is doing what she wants to do. If that happens to coincide with what conservative Muslim men want her to do rather than with what you want her to do, too bad for you. You still do not appear to grasp that grown women can make their own choices and that your opinion is irrelevant. I refrained from spelling that out in my previous comment, because I was trying to be nice, but evidently nice won’t work. There are times–and when women with no connection to you choose their clothes is one–when your opinion is wholly irrelevant. Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 5:33 pm I don’t want her to do anything! You’re reading too much into this. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 6:00 pm I wish I could agree with you. I really do. But I don’t. Dressing this way seems deliberately antagonistic and provocative to me. And, considering the religious implications for similarly clothed women globally (I’m thinking stones here) that this garb represents, I find the tortured explanation of expressions of american feminism to be pure, unmitigated bullshit. In my own defense, I would say that I extend my critique to female newscasters and politicians in four-inch heels displaying acres of boobs and miles of cleavage and expecting to be taken seriously. A distinction without a difference. I have a brain too. Don’t piss on my leg and tell me it’s raining.. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 6:11 pm You call this antagonistic and provocative? “Everyone deserves to choose their self identity,” she said. “If it is OK in the society for women to show their skin then it should also be OK for them to cover up.” Sorry, looks like a plain statement of equity to me. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 7:08 pm I call the hijab antagonistic and provocative, and I stand by that call. There are plenty of articles of clothing, readily available in any american store, with which one can “cover up” if “modesty” is one’s religiously inspired aim. As near as I can tell, the hijab covers hair (kind of), not skin. So what’s this really all about? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:28 pm I call your condemnation of the hijab antagonistic and provocative. Last I heard, we had free exercise of religion in this country, and if anyone, of any religion, wants to dress in a way they regard as religiously meaningful, I stand by their right to do it. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:29 pm So , Katherine, you would not be offended if in my kay es mas macho religious belief i choose to wear a fleshtone tank top? Just the tanktop? Would you defend me in that religiously driven clothibg (or lack of it ) practice? I do my morning walk by the local grammar school BTW. Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 7:35 pm I’m with Katniss. I’m appalled that we’re now being asked to accept the hijab as a “feminist” statement. It’s not. Are you also down with women consenting to have their daughter’s clitoris excised? I mean, that’s the next step here. In case the success of Hillary Clinton didn’t make it clear, lots of women consent to abide by misogynist control, for a wide variety of reasons. Internalized misogyny is a thing, in case you have never met a female anti-choice activist from among the evangelical community that used to not care about abortion at all. I don’t know whether it makes sense to ban hijabs from public school, and I would never force a woman to remove it by law, but come on. This is misogyny 101. Do men have to cover their hair? Why is covering her hair important to her? This goes back literally thousands of years. Enforcing the covering up and hiding of women’s bodies is part of hyper-eroticising them to weaken their ability to participate in public life, facilitate male sexual objectivity of them while putting the onus on the women for any sexual violence against them, and literally render them less visible as people. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:45 pm Don’t be ridiculous! I have said only, and repeatedly, that I support women’s (or men’s) right to dress as they choose, and to suggest that means I would support their efforts to mutilate other persons is absurd and offensive. Why can you not respect other people enough to let them make purely personal choices that are different from those you would make? What kind of power trip is this? hunkerdown March 28, 2017 at 6:10 pm Daily reminder that female modesty including veiling was normalized in the West early on by Greeks. Also, please look up “purdah”. That you choose to see women setting themselves apart from male society as a violation of Western norms is simply a liberal reflex, and really kind of embarrassing. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 7:44 pm Why should I care what about the social customs of the slave owning Greeks? Pointing to what a bunch of boy-diddlers considered proper isn’t a compelling argument. It was stupid then, and it’s stupid now. Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:35 pm Lol , true that Reply ↓ hunkerdown March 28, 2017 at 10:02 pm If anything, Wahhabists got it from the tradition of the “forefathers of Democracy™” in the West. Indeed, the only point in complaining about it when the US sends them the materiel they use to enforce the subjugation of women is to soothe one’s conscience or to create an opportunity for moral dispensation. I don’t buy that “we’ve” moved past anything. If we oughtn’t take cues from boy-diddlers, we must disavow the entire history and most of the present of Western civilization, because they still run the joint. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 11:10 pm “If anything, Wahhabists got it from the tradition of the “forefathers of Democracy™” in the West.” Bullshit. Regardless, you’re proving my point. Screw the Greeks and their bad ideas. And the present of Western civilization is in large an extension and expansion of basic ideas from the ancient world, changed in ways those ancients would most definitely not approve of. The United States itself was explicitly based on Roman and Athenian Greek ideas. Most of the things we equate with US democracy, things like universal voter enfranchisement, were never the vision of either our founders or the people they based their new government on. We didn’t even have direct election of Senators until 1913. The story of US democracy is one of clawing real democratic values out of the cold, dead hands of wannabe Athenians. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 5:59 pm I agree the hijab can be a choice. When I was a good little catholic girl I went to Mass wearing a hat or a little black veil. I never really thought about it but I didn’t really have a choice, women and girls had to cover their hair, if I didn’t I wouldn’t be allowed in Mass, to miss Mass is a sin and I could go to Hell, I was taught this in school Nowhere in the bible or the Koran does it say that women have to cover their hair ( what is it about friggin’ hair that bothers the religious anyway) ; it is a cultural thing. The good thing is when I was older I could ditch the brainwashing. To live in a country where the brainwashing is so strong means you don’t get to choose, and you grow up thinking it is your choice. I had a friend who wore the veil and from what she says it was never a choice, family pressure was the reason she dressed the way she did. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver March 28, 2017 at 8:07 pm A Hijab is NOT the same as a Veil! A hijab is just a bloody headscarf with a fancy name. I can remember 80s London when no Sloane Ranger worthy of the name would be without her Hermes headscarf (o.k. in a pinch Liberty would do). Did that make them oppressed by men ? by religion ? O.k. just like all junkies started by smoking weed (or drinking milk) there is the ever present danger that today the headscarf => tomorrow the burqa => emigration to Saudi Arabia is just around the corner. /s Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 8:08 pm “what is it about friggin’ hair that bothers the religious anyway” You could ask that about a lot of things. The Abrahamic G-d, Lord of Lords & King of Kings, The Alpha & Omega, The Almighty, The Merciful (/sarcasm) regularly comes across as nothing so much as a petulant child. A raging sociopath who throws a smiting hissy-fit at the merest minor infraction (not to mention decreeing the stupidest things to be infractions in the first place). Polytheist religions at least generally acknowledge that their gods are petty and vain, and that sacrificing to them is at least as much about convincing them to not actively screw you over as it is about getting them to support you. Show me a jihadi with the worlds worst facial hair, and I’ll show you the true face of Faith. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 8:39 pm Oh! what I would give to be able to do a bit of Smiting now and again. Reply ↓ marieann March 28, 2017 at 8:39 pm Oh! what I would give to be able to do a bit of Smiting now and again. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 7:33 pm Do they ‘choose’ to wear it because they actually like how it looks and feels, or because they subscribe to the woman-hating, men belittling philosophy behind it; that women need to cover themselves lest men lose control of their urges? Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 7:50 pm Did you read the article? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 28, 2017 at 11:27 pm !+10,000+! “Sorry for you” will do for internet comments, but it goes to another level when, as in several European countries among other places, it becomes a police matter. (Sumptuary Laws, they used to call that in those same European countries only a few hundred years ago. It was explicitly about knowing your place in the social-economic caste system.) No amount of anecdotal or statistical evidence that some hijab-wearing Muslim women are oppressed (by family members, religious or community organizations etc, as well as by the state, employers … i.e. just like countless non-veiled, non-Muslim women … and men) is relevant at all here, because it’s all about whether or not you claim the right to try to make her do as you think she ought when she says she doesn’t want to. Maybe you suspect she was coerced into saying that, but presuming to know other people better than they know themselves is the ugliest habit of Blairite social SWAT teams, Sunnstein-Thaler-style ‘Nudge’ bullies, Toughlovers tabloid editors and … oh yeah, religious authoritarians at best; at worst it’s the habit of the same sort of people but with actual political power. Apart from a few protests in France about the infamous new Sumptuary laws there (women forced off beaches for showing too little skin), I’ve heard of few hijab-wearning women — few people at all other than liberal columnists actually — trying to claim ‘subversive feminist’ status for the scarf, and I live in a country where this is a routine shrieking point of pro-cultural-“integration” (i.e. not the Civil Rights Movement sense but forced conformity to imaginary British Vales as defined by lifestyle choices) media. The wry comments in this thread risk confusing a few other commentators (who don’t wear a veil but do spout about its “subversiveness”) with a great many more women who do, but don’t. For the latter — and for anyone else whose “cultural”, i.e. non-self-explanatory, needs are presumed and policed from above (eg.”offensive” speakers, “mis”users [not industrial-scale shippers] of Harmful substances, fans of Chief Keef in Chicago or Bashment raves in Croydon, refusers of nationally-specific Minutes of Silence/war memorials), etc etc it’s a matter of elementary respect. Ideally, respect would mean respite from other people trying to tell us what’s good for us — but the mere telling might be bearable if they would stop sending cops to force us to swallow it. Reply ↓ todde March 28, 2017 at 11:57 pm Are women who have to wear a top in public oppressed? Reply ↓ DJG March 28, 2017 at 3:56 pm What are you missing? Well, you don’t mention the deeper cause, which is the continuing crisis of monotheism. Just as one of the nice Christian ladies is quoted as saying that her dress is modest, too (and her husband will approve), so we are getting lots of enforced modesty these days. Further, what you missed telling us is that the obsession with women’s hair is part of a Semitic paradigm, because it turns up in Judaism, too. So this is deeply seated. And then there’s Good Ole Saint Paul, the guy who ruined the Beatitudes, who insisted women should cover their hair in church and not speak. Meaning: Women in Greek culture didn’t cover their heads in the temple (Romans did, to avoid evil spirits) and that there were rituals led by Greek and Roman women. See Jane Ellen Harrison’s magisterial Prolegomena to Greek Religion for women’s rituals. And what you were missing is the recent bad faith in attempting to compare the hijab to the habits of Catholic and Orthodox nuns. This came up as a metaphor in the burkini controversies. A little problem there: Nuns take vows and follow a rule (as do monks). They are not part of secular society. But what does religion in practice matter when we are all “spiritual” and metaphorical? So we are back at the same issue: What is equality for women? What is compulsion? What should a secularized culture accept? France and la laïcité may have a point. All that said, I don’t have a problem with women wearing the hijab. And there are many women who do so up here in the northern neighborhoods of Chicago. Just don’t try to sell me a bill of goods about agency, because I have seen Middle-Eastern men look right through the woman in the hijab. And don’t lecture me on “modesty.” Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU March 28, 2017 at 5:37 pm Well Lambert/RS, just because the Fauxistance is futile, doesn’t mean the Empire isn’t evil … ;-) Reply ↓ reslez March 28, 2017 at 6:48 pm Hijab may make one feel trendy and open-minded but it is not a fashion statement. To try to characterize it as such is to trivialize and ignore the rising history of oppression against women and loss of women’s rights in the Middle East since the 1960s. Hijab was considered a laughable, paleolithic demand of ultra-religious conservatives as little as 40 years ago. Choosing to wear it is like a freed slave choosing to wear an iron collar. At bare minimum it sends the wrong message. Wearing it means being completely conscious of that message and supporting it. Trivializing it is a mistake, one possible only for comfortable liberals in the West. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen March 28, 2017 at 7:10 pm Thank you for this. Reason seems to be in short supply these days. Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian March 28, 2017 at 7:20 pm Yes indeed. Next stop for the comfortable liberals is undoubtedly to argue for the sanctity of female genital mutilation. Eh, no. Reply ↓ Plenue March 28, 2017 at 8:27 pm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7XmJUtcsak This seems relevant. Gee, that whole ‘overthrow Mosaddegh’ thing worked out great, didn’t it? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 28, 2017 at 11:38 pm “Trivializing” or not is one thing, but legislation, i.e. policing, is another. I’m a commie not a liberal, but I’m offended on what I guess must be liberal-equivalent grounds when anyone presumes to guess my motives for doing anything, and I’m absolutely unwilling to be made to do (or stop doing) something “for my own good” (For others’ good, or under some sort of provisional voluntary arrangement, or crushed by force majeure: all a different story. The “for your own good” part is even worse than the force.) So awareness of late 20th century Wahabi revivalism — and its social/economic and geopolitical causes everywhere — is not going to convince me that anyone else must or can ever be “saved from herself” by High-Empathy-Quotient, blissfully conformist know-it-alls. Reply ↓ Rhondda March 28, 2017 at 8:02 pm Reminds me of the Ellen James Society in The World According to Garp. Reply ↓ John March 28, 2017 at 8:12 pm The teenage willingness to do anything to piss off the ‘rents? Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive March 28, 2017 at 8:18 pm Whoa! Whatever happened to the feminism I fought for? You know, the one that said that all women should have the right make their own choices? Does that not apply to clothing? Do we really need other people acting as “fashion police” telling women what they can or cannot wear? If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a bikini, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in cowboy boots and a 10-gallon hat, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in high heels and a skirt that cobbles your movement, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a sari, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a dashiki and a dhuku, that is your choice. If you are a woman and you want to walk around in a hijab, that is your choice. I’m thinking some self-examination might be in order. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:44 pm This is absolutely deluded. Do you not understand the power of social and cultural conditioning on people’s thinking? Economic forces, too. Yes, women wear high heels, that ruin their feet, tendons, and spines, while hobbling them so that they can’t run or even stride comfortably with authority. The high heels act to force their bodies into a sexually stimulating swaying motion. (Sexually stimulating to observers, that is. Not to the hobbling woman in the painful shoes.) Yes, we “let” them do it. Do you really think it’s some free expression of personal choice? I can’t believe we’re fighting this issue all over again. FAMILY BLOG this. FAMILY BLOG it to FAMILY BLOG. Reply ↓ Donald March 28, 2017 at 8:30 pm I read the hijab piece. I don’t understand why so many people here find it hard to understand. I will repeat the point made in plain English in the article. Forcing women to wear a hijab is oppressive. In the US, where Islamophobia is rampant, the pressure is on women who are Muslim to conform to what we think is right. So wearing a hijab in the US, if done voluntarily for the reason stated in the article is a way of telling moral busybodies that it is none of their business what a woman chooses to wear. It is also a thumb in the eye of Islamophobes. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:49 pm So forcing women to unveil to conform to existing liberal society norms is bad, but applauding them for conforming to millennia-old restrictions still enforced with violence and oppression all over the world, including in communities here, is good? How about we let them wear the restrictive symbol of their oppression unmolested, while working to help them free themselves mentally and economically so they can and want to remove it? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:08 am How about…? By all means, provided “we…help” means people who see it that way collectively trying to do that — which means the work would be with the women on the “receiving end, i.e. a two-way exchange, which is what I do think is meant here — rather than a “Nudge”/”soft policing” state/NGO campaign. The UK is maybe the world leader in that sort of “behaviour modification” as political policy, despite the US origin of so much of the theory: it’s always invasive, with the additional galling aspect that the coercive power involved is coyly dissembled but still always there. It tends to get a show of meek compliance where the stakes are low and conformism is fashionable anyway (eg. diet commandments), but fares about as well as you might expect when it clashes with intensely felt group allegiances (eg. politically obnoxious, occasionally armed Wahabi/Salafi sects and any other Muslims who happen to be standing nearby) and offers nothing less laughable than “British Values” (politically obnoxious with some colourful cultural quirks; in the end always armed) in return. For similar reasons, a Nudge campaign against high heels (yes indeed, a grotesque symbol of male ((would-be)) proprietorship of women, imposed by “soft” coercion, and nowhere near as historically complicated as women’s religious headwear in any monotheistic religion) might fare better than a “soft” veil crusade. But it’s telling that there’s no such institutionally-backed anti-heels campaign anywhere, let alone a ban. The sexual symbolism could be argued (but let’s not start) to be even more blatant than that of the veils, but heels are apparently in keeping with certain prevailing “modern liberal sensibilities”/”Western Values”, even though they physically, visibly enact oppression, whereas veils attacked politically with occasional reference to oppression (real — I don’t think anyone is denying that) they sometimes symbolise. Not surprising, because feminist arguments are an afterthought in most anti-veil campaigns, which in Europe at least really do spout Clash Of Civilizations boilerplate all the time. Now bear in mind that “Muslims” are a described “culture” in Respectable Newspapers and as a “race” quite often in common speech: if outright prohibition of any religious paraphernalia is proposed, an officially retired (at least in Europe, yeah right…) “-ism” springs to mind, whether campaigners intend it or not. So although I agree with Katherine and Donald word for word, I don’t think that’s incompatible with gratitude to Marina — especially given the different perspective on the veil/s as such — for making the distinction between criticising something and policing it. Although I tend to disagree about the importance and legibility of symbols in general (leave them alone because they’re 1. more oblique than they seem and 2. are disastrously used as a diversion from real material problems: cf. “Culture Wars”, “National Socialism” vs. socialism), I do also agree with Marina about the absurdity of “personal choice” as an analytical category. The reason to resist institutional “benevolent”, especially when it’s “for your own benefit”, is that no-one outside some tiny economic elite is EVER even relatively “free to choose” almost anything. What looks like “choice” is a desperate, open-ended attempt to survive or evade multiple, conflicting, interlocking imperatives, threats and constraints. Prohibition and compulsion are obnoxious because they PRESUME that the compelled social group/individual is ABLE to choose to obey, and based on that presumption, the compelling institution (as likely private- as state-sector) threatens or perpetrates real violence by way of “deterrence” or “punishment”. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:12 am Apologies for meaningless italics mid-post: cat stood on (computer) mouse! Happens all too often. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman March 29, 2017 at 2:55 am Ach, just realized the cat scrambled even more than that. Towards the end, it (the post not the cat) should say: “the reason to resist institutional coercion, especially when it’s “for you own benefit”…” Using the same keyboard/mouse-walking trick, the same cat once deleted most of a deadline-sensitive 10,000-word article, hiding this in just such a way that on returning to the computer I immediately saved the deleted version on screen and in all backup places. Needless to say, I adore this cat to a near-pathological degree. Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:24 pm per yesterday’s microwave oven topic: You said you “don’t want an IoT internet connected microwave”. Why not? /s http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/03/26/miele_joins_internetofst_hall_of_shame/ Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:34 pm and on the Cold War stuff: et tu, Lawrence Tribe? The list of people to never again take seriously gets longer and longer. Reply ↓ Judith March 28, 2017 at 2:44 pm Whenever I hear mention of Lawrence Tribe, I think of this article by Tim Wu (in the New Yorker a few years ago when they still published some stuff worth reading). http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/did-laurence-tribe-sell-out Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 2:54 pm Thanks for that link. Reply ↓ jsn March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm The New Yorker has been in an awful decline for a very long time now, none the less the Jane Mayer article on Mercer and Trump from this mornings links is highly explanatory. Reply ↓ toshiro_mifune March 28, 2017 at 2:50 pm A directory traversal attack? That’s pretty old school Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 28, 2017 at 2:28 pm I guess it’s robot day in the news. When trying to locate WSJ story behind paywall, lots of other robot news. This from Supply Chain Digest on the same story: The US does have an overall trade surplus in robotic-related technologies, but a growing deficit to Japan and EU countries, as shown in the graphic below. Even the overall surplus is the result of exports of components and less-sophisticated machinery, mostly to developing nations. The US largely imports all the more advanced robotics. No comment necessary. Also, today or yesterday, Acemoglu is out with a new study saying “for each robot per 1000 workers” about 6 jobs were lost. Not sure I understand what “a robot per 1000 workers” is but not making any robots, hardly any advanced machine tooling at all, will obviously make it harder to ‘reinvigorate’ the sector, TSTL. Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy March 28, 2017 at 2:47 pm What matters is where the profits go. Labor is a line in the cost structure. Jobs don’t matter to your rulers. Profits matter because the people who keep the profits keep the rulers’ campaigns funded. Waiting for the “robot tax” that will miraculously have exemptions for those who know who to donate to. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 3:01 pm yes very depressing trajectory we are on, LIW. With Amazon seeking to be the first company to have no employees, it’s all rosy for us consumers Just need some money to buy that stuff they got Reply ↓ Altandmain March 28, 2017 at 2:29 pm Anyone read Ted Rall? http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/03/28/five-things-the-democrats-could-do-to-save-their-party-but-probably-wont/ 5/ Bernie Sanders says Democrats can and should do class issues and identity politics. He’s right. As we’ve seen with the increased acceptance of LGBTQ people in recent years, the two are intertwined: gays’ incomes have risen But here’s the rub: you can’t really take on poverty and income disparity while accepting contributions from banks and other corporations whose interest lies in perpetuating economic misery by keeping wages low. The biggest lesson Dems should internalize from Bernie’s candidacy is his reliance on small individual donations. Yeah I don’t see this happening any time soon. Not the Democrats. They’re bought. Jimmy Dore had a good video on Youtube about Robert Reich a while back: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_Gd__K-sl8 We gotta put together a strategy revolving around the fact that both parties are bought. Oh and put this one in the class warfare section: https://qz.com/932813/employee-burnout-is-becoming-a-huge-problem-in-the-american-workforce/ While companies are posting record profits, Americans are working harder than ever before for a nominal wage increase. The national unemployment rate has been cut in half since 2010 and the economy is projected to grow by almost 50% between 2010 and 2020. Despite this positive outlook, employees are overworked, burned out, and dissatisfied. A recent study my firm conducted, in partnership with Kronos, found that burnout is responsible for up to half of all employee attrition. Employees are working more hours for no additional pay and as a result, they are searching for new jobs. Nearly all employers surveyed agree that improving retention is a critical priority yet many aren’t investing in solving the problem, even though it costs thousands of dollars to replace each employee lost. … Companies need to do something about this burnout crisis now because otherwise, they will pay the high price of turnover. Sadly it’s only the fact that turnover might increase costs for business and lower profits that causes any action. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner March 28, 2017 at 3:20 pm Do Democrat do identity issues? Court challenges drove DADT and Obama’s evolution on gay marriage. Am I wrong to say the Federal Judge who ruled DADT unconstitutional after the Army Times produced evidence contradicting the Administration’s stance on gas affecting unit cohesion embarrassed Obama into acting before voters noticed what a pig he was? Reply ↓ JohnnyGL March 28, 2017 at 2:35 pm “Hijab becomes symbol of resistance, feminism in the age of Trump” [USA Today]. I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? – My uninformed take on this is that the headline writer felt compelled to insert Trump where there was no need to do so. I’ve been seeing many more hijabs in recent years. 10 years ago, barely saw them. Not Trump related at all. I’m going to speculate that 16 years of wars, covert ops, coups, assassinations by our government against muslim countries, and western corporate media’s constant islamophobia has fueled a culture that wants to push back in some form. I think US cities have more immigrants coming from refugee numbers and from US universities that charge so much money that they need to pull in rich kids from the Gulf States. I don’t know enough to understand if there’s a class dimension here or if I’m way off. Reply ↓ cocomaan March 28, 2017 at 3:05 pm There were trump protesters donning hijabs out there, apparently (though I haven’t seen much written about it). Also, lots of signs promoting diversity using hijabs as a symbol (same artist who did the Obama Hope poster), which some people didn’t like. I don’t think there’s a lot of thought going into it. If they wore dashikis or a shriner fez or a keffiyah, nobody would care. Keffiyahs were, for awhile, a fashion statement. Some on the conservative side said it was the imminent Muslim invasion, those of the liberal bent said it was cultural appropriation. So there you go. I forget when I realized that roles in life are really a series of hats. Some soldiers wear helmets, others wear berets. Police officers wear visors. The Tuareg have the tagelmust among men, while traditionally the women went bald. I think the real rule here is, “Don’t let your hat have more personality than you do”. Reply ↓ marym March 28, 2017 at 5:39 pm Your take is right. In the same paragraph in the USAToday link calling it a response to Trump there’s a HuffPo link that shows that it’s not! There’s a lot of 20th and 21st century history of unveiling and resuming veiling among Muslim women in Muslim countries and the US. The Muslim women in the article have articulated their own reasons clearly enough. For a study of the subject in relation to political activism from 1940’s Egypt to current day US: A Quiet Revolution: The Veil’s Resurgence, from the Middle East to America by Leila Ahmed Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 2:42 pm “Perturbation”. Do Lambert and Yves own stock in a company that makes thesauruses? I always feel like I should have next to me when I’m on NC. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 2:48 pm is perturbation a deviation from your lexicon? Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 3:02 pm What’s a lexicon? Reply ↓ cocomaan March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm The make of a luxury car, I think. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 4:53 pm No, it’s the title of a Lexus car salesman. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 3:23 pm A place to store your deviate perturbations.. Reply ↓ Ian March 28, 2017 at 4:19 pm i laughed hard on that one. Reply ↓ The Beeman March 28, 2017 at 2:51 pm One of the things I love about NC – (I own a thesaurus factory – just kidding) Reply ↓ Vatch March 28, 2017 at 3:03 pm Here’s the correct link: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.08401v1.pdf Some of the misinterpretations of the images are amusing. Reply ↓ carycat March 28, 2017 at 9:31 pm anybody see this research getting classified and deep sixed soon? slap a bumper sticker with a dodgy image on some .01 percenter’s car and watch a self driving Uber lose its mind. win – win. Reply ↓ MoiAussie March 28, 2017 at 8:53 pm Fascinating. Shows that “deep” neural network based feature recognition is as fragile today as the original NN algorithms were 20 years ago. Other classifier based decision systems, such as ones used to approve finance, insurance, etc. are likely just as vulnerable. Tech people rarely learn from the past, as they’re too busy trying to invent the future. Most of today’s AI is brute-force stupidity, and massively overhyped. Remember the predictions from a decade ago that the internet itself was about to become conscious? Dream on … Reply ↓ Tim March 28, 2017 at 2:56 pm “This sounds to me like another idea that MBAs and techies think is great but is in fact stupid. From my small town perspective: First, I like having a cashier. The human contact is good!” Lambert, you’ve obviously never lived in Seattle. Go to any supermarket and get in the cashier line. It’s as quite as a library, people simply do not converse. So Amazon folks probably think this is typical across the country and therefore ignorantly reached the conclusion that all humans are introverts and prefer not to have to interact with another human being to buy stuff. Still a miscalculation, but now you know why. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry March 28, 2017 at 10:04 pm Up here in Bellingham, I often enjoy chatting with the other customers and the cashiers at the check-out lines, and it seems a lot of other people do as well. Seattle *is* often a little creepily emotionally cold, I think wealth inequality makes a lot of social interaction fraught and uncomfortable in urban areas where the discrepancies are concentrated. There’s basically no middle class in Seattle; it’s either rich or poor–kind of a Third World dynamic. Reply ↓ TellMeWhy March 28, 2017 at 3:09 pm Okay, so I’m curious to hear everyone’s thoughts. I went to a meeting for a local chapter of Our Revolution this past weekend. The organizer began the discussion before voting on steering committee members by asking what should be the priorities for Our Revolution nationally in the short to intermediate term. I remarked that they should take a page from Grover Norquist and his tax pledge and work on getting every Democrat to sign a pledge that they will vote for single payer (referring to a specific bill would be best) and, if they don’t, working to make “primarying” them a priority. A less robust alternative would be to simply say that anyone who doesn’t sign it will not be endorsed by Our Revolution, period. So what I am wondering is what are the difficulties that would be involved? What are the drawbacks to such a strategy? To my mind, it seems like the worst case (which would be bad) is that for whatever reason it was ineffectual or came to be seen as toothless. Is that a strong likelihood? Does anyone else see this as a worthy pursuit to identify and solidify reliable supporters, identify likely holdouts, and work to keep the issue at the forefront of discussion in upcoming elections? For the record, I’m not claiming to be original in coming up with this idea, but I haven’t really seen any discussion of it as a concrete possibility. Reply ↓ Andrew March 28, 2017 at 6:01 pm As you say, there’s talk about single payer, but I haven’t seen anyone suggest the “Grover Norquist pledge” approach, and frankly that seems like a very sensible, effective idea. Not least because vocal support for it is a concrete demand that can be made of every single political operative you come across, including local Our Revolution organizers. I’m curious, what kind of response did you get from other attendees? Reply ↓ TellMeWhy March 28, 2017 at 9:56 pm That part of the meeting was fairly informal and a bit disorganized (it was the first meeting for the chapter). There was definitely some audible agreement from those in attendance but then it was quickly on to the next person without any further discussion. I plan to bring it up again at future meetings when there will hopefully be more substantive discussions. It was really just something that occurred to me spur of the moment so I hadn’t really thought it through much. I can say though that Medicare for All probably came up more than every other issue combined among those running for steering committee positions, and drew the most vocal response from the crowd. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 28, 2017 at 10:26 pm “I can say though that Medicare for All probably came up more than every other issue combined among those running for steering committee positions, and drew the most vocal response from the crowd” Excellent! Reply ↓ Mark Gisleson March 28, 2017 at 3:13 pm I believe Sanders is conflating public option with Medicare for All to make it easier for other politicians to agree with his remarks. He’s flipping the ambiguity to his advantage. Neoliberals claim no difference, so can’t disagree with Bernie for linking public option to Medicare for All. I don’t think Bernie gets nearly enough credit for always moving the ball forward even when the optics reflect on him in a less than ideal way. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 3:18 pm I agree overall with what you say. I’ve wondered, too, if Sanders is conflating Public Option with Medicare for All because it’s easier to explain and gain agreement. And I agree that he’s done hard work on keeping this conversation going after putting up with a jillion slings and arrows from both sides of the aisle. However things turn out, I feel a debt of gratitude to Sanders for what he’s done and doing. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 4:34 pm there is no need for Sanders to introduce a bill, unless it goes along with Conyers’s bill he introduced again to the House. This is the real deal. No conflation, no confusion, spelled out in simple terms all can grasp on his website. I quote: “This bill would establish a privately-delivered, publicly-financed universal health care system, where patients, their physicians, and non-profit health care providers would be in charge of medical decisions — not insurance companies. H.R. 676 would expand and improve the highly popular Medicare program and provide universal access to care to all Americans. The program would be primarily funded by a modest payroll tax on employers and employees, a financial transaction tax, and higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans. H.R.676 has been introduced in Congress since 2003, and has a broad base of support among universal health care activists, organized labor, physicians, nurses, and social justice organizations across the nation. The bill has been endorsed by 20 international unions, Physicians For A National Health Program, two former editors of the New England Journal of Medicine, National Nurses United, the American Medical Students Association, Progressive Democrats of America, Public Citizen, and the NAACP. Last year, a Kaiser Family Foundation poll found 67 percent of Americans support “Medicare for All.”” [A] “privately-delivered, publicly-financed universal health care system” is exactly what’s needed in the US. It can’t be tarred with the epithet “socialized medicine.” It’s got the support of unions, physicians, nurses, medical students and progressives. It plainly states how it will be financed – as it should be, through progressive taxes – the more you make the greater your contribution. That means it will be vastly more affordable than insurance premiums*. Conyers has been doing yeoman’s work, introducing this bill EVERY YEAR since 2003. He says that now is the time to give it legs, to push beyond the hollow “victory” of “saving Obamacare.” Will it be left to rot or will those who are advocating for Single Payer/Medicare for All put their activities where their mouths are. *The 1% need not fear the loss of their high priced health insurance that gets them to the head of the line at prestigious institutions like the Mayo Clinic. I’m pretty sure insurance companies will be happy to sell them The Ferrari Line of Super Expensive Medical Insurance that will allow them to look down on the 99%. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 6:49 pm If only a rumor would get going that Putin was behind the opposition to single-payer. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL March 28, 2017 at 4:42 pm I’d say the uneasy relationship between Bernie and the Dems parallels that of Trump and the Repubs. Both kind of need each other and think they can get something from the other one. It’s not clear who’s actually winning quite yet. 1) Bernie’s got a long track record of playing a weak hand very well. Lambert included the intercept article about the Community Health Centers which I can personally vouch for as “concrete material benefits” for people. My wife works for one. They save lives. 2) I think he sees himself as the insider part of the inside/outside strategy. I think he’s hedging his bets, politically. If he can only get a public option through congress, he’ll take it, and when it falls short, as we know it will, he’ll push for more. If he can get Medicare for all, he’ll take it. 3) He sees my item 2) as his secondary job. He sees his primary job is to keep getting people fired up and keep getting them to harass their reps. He’s doing this very well and he’s building political capital in doing so. Look at his favorability ratings! Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton March 28, 2017 at 7:47 pm Bernie clearly outlined his goals for Anderson Cooper. The ultimate goal is Medicare for All. However, there’s no chance in Hades of getting that in the current culture. Therefore, he will, while gathering support for same, also pursue some form of public option and lowering the Medicare age to 55 because people need help now. They shouldn’t have to wait another two or four or six years while the politicians get straightened out. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 3:15 pm I’m certainly not going to make – ICK – Darth Cheney into any kind of icon, liberal or otherwise. Still loathe that rat-bastard, evil murdering thug/crook robber. That said, it’s interesting that he’s coming out against Trump. I do wonder what his motivations are. With the Bush clan, it was more evident bc they must loathe Trump for busting up their dynastic hold on the US gubmint, plus making fun of JEB! and telling the truth about W. Who is Cheney rubbing shoulders with? Is he cozy with the Kochs? Just wondering… Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 3:46 pm Ya can’t be a war profiteer without a war. Trump said something detente with Russia and toned down the war war talk. http://www.counterpunch.org/2007/04/12/bush-family-war-profiteering/ Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 4:57 pm Ah. Yes, but of course! How else is Cheney gonna get his grubby mitts on pallets and pallets of Yankee Dollar$$?? Reply ↓ grayslady March 28, 2017 at 3:34 pm Regarding the Washington Post article on Dems and health care proposals, Wiegel is not an idiot when it comes to understanding the difference between universal health care and the “public option.” To wit, on July 9, 2016, Weigel wrote an article titled Sanders secures health-care promises from Clinton before expected endorsement. In that article, Weigel stated: “Hillary Clinton, in moves aimed at securing an endorsement from Bernie Sanders, on Saturday highlighted her support for a “public option” in health insurance and proposed additional funding for community-based centers championed by her rival for the Democratic nomination. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, said in a statement that she would affirm her support for allowing states to offer government-run health plans as part of the Affordable Care Act. And she said she would support allowing people 55 and older to buy into Medicare, which is available to people 65 and older. Those steps fall well short of the single-payer, “Medicare for all” program at the centerpiece of Sanders’s presidential campaign. But on a call with reporters Saturday, Sanders praised Clinton for “an important step forward” toward universal health care.” Lambert, I know you say you are waiting to see the text of any bill that Sanders puts forth on health care, but Russell Mokhiber, who began a modest website, Single Payer Action, a few years ago, and has been doggedly pursuing the cause of universal health care, reported back in December, 2016, that Bernie decided to abandon his campaign health care promises. In a December 2, 2016 Counterpunch article, titled Sanders Single Payer and Death by Democrat, Mokhiber reported on a conversation he had with Sanders’s health policy advisor, Laurie Kearns, who stated that Bernie believes party unity “is more important than single payer. Sanders apparently believes that single payer will get in the way of electing a Democratic Senate in 2018.” In his latest Single Payer Action website article, Single Payer Bernie Sanders Morphs Into Public Option Howard Dean, Mokhiber quotes several known single payer advocates, including David Himmelstein and Dr. Margaret Flowers, who agree with your take that the public option doesn’t come close to providing the economic and social benefits of an Improved Medicare for All, and could actually derail progress toward universal health care. As The Polemicist said, in a January, 2016 article: “Bernie Sanders is the dog who’s about to catch the car. We all thought it would pull away too quickly, but that doesn’t seem to be happening. If he catches it, he’s going to have to turn into a helluva ferocious beast, or let it go….You can say that’s just cynical old me, and I may be and hope I am wrong, but I contend that it’s reasonable to infer from Bernie Sanders’s political history, and from the position he has put himself in (an integral part of Democratic Party politics!), and from what he has said during this election, that his main goal is to prevent a Republican victory, and that if he thinks his presence in the race will risk that, he will find a way to get back to being America’s favorite “socialist” senator.” I, too, am taking a “wait and see” attitude, at this point, but my gut is telling me that Bernie is pursuing the approach Weigel described in his 2016 article, because the Clintons still control the Democrats, and Bernie would rather be an insider than an outsider. Reply ↓ sleepy March 28, 2017 at 4:31 pm Well, that’s a disconcerting pertubation. Reply ↓ Eureka Springs March 28, 2017 at 4:35 pm Wait and see hasn’t worked well. Sanders, bless his heart, has failed us before. H.R. 676 is already written, with sponsors, expands medicare in a manner which those who have it now should have, and it’s what we all want/need. No excuses, no repetition of past mistakes, and no muddying the waters for the sake of uber dimensional fake out option chess. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 5:34 pm ^ Agree. Let’s get behind H.R. 676 and give it the legs it needs to get to committees and the floor. Quit talking about Medicare for All. Strike now. Put your effort where your mouth is. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 6:14 pm for the list of co-sponsers in the House, civic, medical and faith based sponsors, state government and city government sponsors, plus how to get involved, and details on how it will be financed go here http://www.pnhp.org/publications/united-states-national-health-care-act-hr-676 Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian March 28, 2017 at 7:34 pm Thanks for the link, Bob. Lots of information beyond merely the text of H.R. 676 itself. Reply ↓ HopeLB March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm On c-span today, two Congressman, Jones(R) and Garamendi (D) were promoting their bill, HR 1666, which would stop the wars until there is a debate about whether or not to go to war. They both urged viewers to call their Congresspeople about supporting HR1666 and reclaiming Congress’ constitutional war power. They said enough of AUMF and endless war waged by the Executive branch alone. https://www.c-span.org/video/?426056-4/washington-journal-representatives-walter-jones-john-garamendi Reply ↓ John k March 28, 2017 at 9:07 pm Thanks. 73 dems in the house co sponsors, no reps. Supporting this is simply supporting what he previously called for, so why not, bernie? And 73 others provides good cover… and everybody knows there’s no chance right now with reps in control… so a wonderful and harmless club to bash them with… Seems as if lots of companies would love to have gov take this over… Reply ↓ Jeff W March 28, 2017 at 10:20 pm Mokhiber quotes several known single payer advocates, including David Himmelstein and Dr. Margaret Flowers, who agree with your take that the public option doesn’t come close to providing the economic and social benefits of an Improved Medicare for All, and could actually derail progress toward universal health care. In addition, a properly constituted public option would (eventually) drive private insurers out of business as surely as would single payer—and the health insurance companies and Pharma would fight that kind of public option tooth-and-nail, if it were not assumed out if existence at the outset. So whatever public option might be “allowed” to occur would necessarily be constrained. (Recall President Obama using as a selling point that “less than 5% of Americans would sign up” for the public option on offer in 2009—he had, of course, secretly bargained it away months earlier—or Senator Claire McCaskill’s statements that it was important that the public option be “handcuffed.”) If the choices are a constrained, “handcuffed” public option, whatever that is, or a properly constituted public option that health insurance companies oppose in much the same way as they would single payer, there’s no reason to consider either—we might as well be spending our time and energy fighting for single payer. Reply ↓ dk March 28, 2017 at 3:41 pm Trump+Russia story: Good start from David Warsh, hope further digging does not neglect the matter of Trumps attitude towards China. Chinese government entities began purchasing U.S. government agency-backed RMBS in the early 2000s to diversify beyond U.S. Treasuries. And the NYC real estate investment magnates of the time, Trump prominent but not alone among them, were not pleased when the dismissive Chinese government investors (private investment followed some years later) initially bypassed them almost completely and made offers directly to property owners. This had changed by the late 2000’s and beyond, and Trump’s attitude softened, but the macho never-forget-a-grudge stance remains. And speaking of election meddling, and not to pointlessly beat a hopefully mostly dead zombie horse, here’s a little item some may recall: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_United_States_campaign_finance_controversy The 1996 United States campaign finance controversy was an alleged effort by the People’s Republic of China to influence domestic American politics prior to and during the Clinton administration and also involved the fund-raising practices of the administration itself. I think it should be understood that the Chinese effort/need to have influence over US policy would have existed regardless of the particular president/candidate at the time. The Clintons did not solicit Chinese interests specifically, they were generously open to anyone with a checkbook, having already demonstrated as much during the 1992 campaign. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee March 28, 2017 at 10:48 pm And the Israelites? Speaking of what cannot be mentioned? Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 3:49 pm Yes, my bananas, Lambert. Your kindness will be rewarded with more plant pictures, and more comments. We are just waking up here, and many towns south of me are waking up to clear away the mess from Cyclone Debbie. It’s part of life here in the tropics and, in my time in Cairns, we’ve faced off three. There’s always a lot of property damage, but I think, loss of life and injuries are on the low side. Just to brighten your days, I’ll relate one of my chicken stories. Shirley came to us to replenish our small flock of 4 and fitted in well, often coming into the house to see what was going on. A real social bird, who would squat next to you and invite you to pat her sleek, red back, and fluffy back end. If you were gardening or fixing your car, Shirley would often be around keeping you company. My partner was throwing scraps to the chooks one day when one of our mini fox terriers, Jimmy, went for some of what Shirley was trying. Shirley didn’t back off until the dog had ripped into her shoulder. (It has been Jim’s only black mark.) When I saw the deep gashes in her back and thigh, I thought that Shirley was mortally wounded, and we put her in a travel crate to wait things out. A few days later and she was still going, even though she had developed a limp and could no longer fly. Months passed and she came back to her old self, even laying those big, big eggs of hers. And she was still capable of scratching one footed and feeding, although she probably lost a third of her body weight. I bought a troublesome utility (pick up) a year or so ago and it developed an electrical short and host of other problems, which saw it confined to the yard, with the battery disconnected, while I procrastinated about selling it on. As it was damaging the grass, I moved it every few days or so. One day, Shirley went missing, but we’ve got a biggish yard and there are plenty of hiding spots, so we didn’t panic. After three days, there was no smell, so we assumed that a python had taken her and went on with our lives. Five days in and I could smell death. I’d picked up several of our hens over the years and buried them in the corner, so I set about looking, under house, everywhere. The smell was faint, yet I kept going back to same part of yard. Then it hit me. My ute! I tentatively opened the drivers door and it hit me, the rank smell of decomposition. I held my breath, stuck my head in and saw what looked like a river of maggots flowing all over the interior of the vehicle. I shut the door and recalled when I had parked it last. I’d disconnected the battery and the door had been open for perhaps half hour. She’d hopped in to lay an egg, and I’d killed her. And my ute, I thought! I retold this story recently and my friend said: “If that had been me, I would have just locked it up and arranged for a tow. Wouldn’t even have stopped to gather the change.” But not me. First, I needed to respect my former friend, so I dug a small trench in the nearest garden bed and went back to the ute, big set of BBQ tongs in hand. Poor Shirley, was almost unrecognisable. A combination of 50c heat, 5 days and several hundred flies had done their job and, as I held her tightly and her body emerged from the vehicle, she slipped from the tongs and went splat at my feet. I looked inside and among all the goo and maggots was her last egg. No thanks, I thought and threw it into the garden. I quickly finished off Shirley’s burial, rammed home some big rocks to keep the dogs and chickens off her and then thought about the ute. Perhaps I could clean the mess and save something, I thought. So, I left the doors open, ruining our garden experience, and the neighbors’, for a couple of weeks until all the maggots had grown up and flown away. So I persisted, even driving it to one of those self serve car washes, with the carpet shampoo and so on. But when I saw the state of the floor mats, I knew I was defeated. I tried to sell the car, as a project you know, for parts, but it sat there. I rang the wreckers, but no-one was interested and I faced the prospect of having to pay to have it crushed. On a whim, I advertised the tow bar for $100 and, hidden in fine print was that the ute attached to the tow bar was free. And, I could deliver. Well, it sold that day. The buyer actually was looking for a tow bar and asked what was wrong with the ute. Not wanting to put him off, I was non specific, just saying that there were too many problems with it to fix. It was still registered and drivable, so he asked me to drive out to his son’s work and drop it off, which I did, removing the plates, and he handed over $100. I never did wait around to see what happened. In death, as in life, Shirley had made her mark. Reply ↓ Harold March 28, 2017 at 4:01 pm I once heard a policeman’s tip that smell of death, on shoes, for example is removed by burying something in dirt (garden soil). Microbes remove smell. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 28, 2017 at 4:56 pm It may have worked for Shirley, but that Ute needed a big hole Reply ↓ TK421 March 28, 2017 at 3:51 pm I don’t get this at all. What am I missing here? Because hijab. There, that explains everything. Reply ↓ Tvc15 March 28, 2017 at 3:52 pm The 420. Funny how that works, sort of like Cheney’s stance on same-sex marriage because of his daughter. If we can just figure out how to personalize some issues maybe we’d see more reasonable legislation. Whom am I kidding, that will never happen until we bring out the guillotines. Reply ↓ HopeLB March 28, 2017 at 6:07 pm Or we get the army corp of enginneers to secretly build a huge underwater wedge wall that would allow Trump to experience, firsthand, sea water rise at Mar-a-Lago. The Pentagon believes in climate change and will certainly aid and abet the engineers (unless, of course, if there is more money and need for the military in the other scenario). Reply ↓ heresy101 March 28, 2017 at 3:56 pm File under Class Warfare: https://www.rt.com/op-edge/382599-tax-havens-banks-eu/ The OxFam report: https://www.oxfam.org/en/research/opening-vaults https://www.oxfam.org/sites/www.oxfam.org/files/bp-opening-vaults-banks-tax-havens-270317-en.pdf Always thought Gerald Celente was right wing but maybe not: “They are doing terrible harm. It is not a victimless crime. The people are the victims. Let’s get this straight: it is a neo-feudal society. You have different rules for the economic elite and the political nobility. So when they don’t pay taxes, or they cheat the people out of money, like too big to fail – no one goes to jail for their crimes,” he told RT. By not paying taxes, companies “are robbing the population,” Celente says. “They are hurting the school systems. They are hurting the healthcare systems. They are hurting the transportation systems,” he said. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 4:22 pm Whitehouse is a putz. Arrogant, obnoxious and not too smart. God, I would love to send money to a primary challenger against him. Messina is a reptilian version of Baucus, his old boss, vote 51 for the Bush tax cut of 2001 (supported by Greenspan on the grounds that budget surpluses were erasing the Treasury bonds needed to maintain liquid markets — how soon we forget the quackery) and bag man for industry and Pharma that drafted Obamacare. The horror, the horror. Anyway, we need spokesmen for Medicare for All other than Bernie or anyone else in Congress. They are compromised by the need to make deals. Please, please, please can we find a strong spokesman or two willing to run for office. Let the papers (or blogs) quote them. Reply ↓ UserFriendly March 28, 2017 at 5:34 pm vote 51 for the Bush tax cut of 2001 (supported by Greenspan on the grounds that budget surpluses were erasing the Treasury bonds needed to maintain liquid markets — how soon we forget the quackery Not totally wrong. http://www.businessinsider.com/how-bill-clintons-balanced-budget-destroyed-the-economy-2012-9 Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 9:27 pm Interesting. And surely I am out of my depth on finance on this blog. Do you buy the arguments in the article? In my uneducated view, patterns of economic activity matter more than isolated statistics. A budget surplus might be good or bad, depending on the circumstances, and what generates it. My view of Clinton years is too much surplus was generated, in part, by high social security payroll deductions. And with regard to mortgage back paper, it was bad because of the underwriting. I could be way off. But as far as Greenspan excuse in 2001 goes, I think it was hack politics that motivated him at the time. That I feel pretty sure about. Reply ↓ Jessica March 28, 2017 at 4:23 pm “Talking to a friend at lunch not long ago, he expressed his amazement that the House and Senate leadership didn’t have bills “lined up like airplanes on a runway” ready to take off in the new year. I was surprised, too” [Glenn Reynolds, USA Today]. Perhaps the Republicans in Congress actually don’t even have that much interest in servicing their masters. Perhaps their primary interest is the crumbs of wealth and power that fall to Congress critters themselves. Making a lot of noise about servicing their masters is necessary to generate the flow of wealth and money in their direction, but actually doing something does not matter to most of the Republicans in and of itself. This is the difference between a true ideologue and those who play ideologues on TV (and on the Internet). If this seems hard to believe, look at the Democrats, who obviously only pretend to stand for their values. Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 5:02 pm It does seem as if all the parasites in Wash DC are there only to collect their paychecks, their platinum-plated health insurance benies, and any other grift and payola that they can suck off the system. Work? What’s that? Especially when so many “consumers” are so easily satisfied basically with Team sports of attacking the “other side” and getting their jollies from that. Nice not-werk if you can get it. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 5:45 pm I disdain Congressmen and their staff, but not for those reasons. Few make much money at it, and they are not there for the money. Many work long hours. The problem is that most are not serious people; they are there for the ego-boost. After a few years, most staff drift away, and a new crop just as insipid as the last crop arrives. When staff drift away, they look desperately for a place to land, and maybe a few have passed out favors with future employment in mind, but that is not what drives the institution. They want to be big shots. If not famous, at least somewhat influential, or if they do not get that far, at least part of the show. Part of something exciting and important. Their focus is not on policy. Most Congressmen and staff are pretty flexible about most policy. A few pet peeves aside, they do not care that much. What they care VERY much about is staying part of the show. Winning elections. Corporate money buys them cheap by giving them an edge against anyone that might run against them. Fundraising and toeing the line is a chore. Not to get rich; just to hang onto the seat. For many, the seat (or staff position) is central to the sense of self-worth and place in the world. That emotional tie explains the violent hatred of Bernie by nearly every Dem senator and Dem staffer in wake of his challenge to Hillary. Bernie embodies the worst kind of threat to them. Reply ↓ John k March 28, 2017 at 9:14 pm And he continues trying to reform them rather than going rogue with third party. Reply ↓ PH March 28, 2017 at 9:31 pm I do not think so. I think he wants them replaced by a new generation of populist Dems. And I think he wants the holdovers to be intimidated by grass roots to move Left. I doubt Bernie is against Third Party in principal — just on pragmatic grounds. Anyway, that is how I feel about the third party route. Reply ↓ Darius March 28, 2017 at 10:12 pm If you’re really into signature gathering and think it’s a valuable form of organizing, not the energy and motivation sucking time waster it is, then good luck with your third party. The Greens have accomplished it in about two thirds of the states. They could in theory be a viable vehicle for your ambitions. Bernie is too old for the long game and we need action now. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 10:24 pm I don’t know why people keep forgetting the lesson we JUST learned about how easy it is to suppress and flip votes. Where are these third party votes going to be reliably and honorably counted? Because right now, the Ds and Rs are free to block and pilfer those votes at will. Again, please enjoy starting a third party. But in the meantime, always vote against EVERY establishment Democrat, at every level of government, at every stage of the process. Force the grifters to abandon the edifice of the Democratic Party. You think rats would suck on a metal tube if there was no sugar water flowing out of it? Pick whatever easy, study metric you want: Did they endorse Hillary before the convention? Vote against them. Do they refuse to endorse Improved, Expanded Medicare For All? Vote against them. Did they vote for Tom Perez for DNC Chair? Vote against them. They’re only in it for the money and status. Take that away from them and they will find another patronage scheme to milk. Vote against them. Reply ↓ djrichard March 28, 2017 at 10:34 pm Not to get rich; just to hang onto the seat. For many, the seat (or staff position) is central to the sense of self-worth and place in the world. This is what college is for. So you can strive for such positions. In the gov sector, or the private sector. Reply ↓ optimader March 28, 2017 at 4:37 pm http://bringatrailer.com/2017/03/28/ex-kgb-in-nj-25k-kilometer-1989-tatra-t613-3/ this will be my new commuter.. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 5:13 pm Will you have custom made spark plugs? Reply ↓ Optimader March 28, 2017 at 8:40 pm A Standard Bosch plug. These are actually cool and well engineered. Ferdinand Porsche ended up paying patent infringment fines post WWII to Tatras chief designer for lifting the VW bug (peopleswagon) design Reply ↓ RMO March 28, 2017 at 5:51 pm Get Putin to autograph the glovebox door and you’re all set! (he might be a bit more expensive than Carrol Shelby though:-) Reply ↓ jo6pac March 28, 2017 at 5:59 pm I don’t know comrade, I think one these would look sharp in the driveway;) https://www.rt.com/sport/373689-dakar-kamaz-russia-truck/ Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 8:17 pm I’m kinda partial to these. Perfect for the wild and crazy American motoring about town. Artistically innovative – melding the back end of a half track with the front end of a motorcycle! Cannon for personal security and good old fashioned German engineering. WW2 Nazi Germany heritage, leaving no doubt the rider is a true American patriot. I only wish they had a Steampunk version with coal fired steam engine and a Trebuchet instead of the cannon. You can always get ammo for a trebuchet. Just drain the oil into a white wine bottle if you’re in a pinch. I’d suggest a Goth leather outfit for the rider. Hajab gear is too conservative and people always assume you’re trying to conceal a pair of hand grenades. It’s not fair, but that’s the way it is, unfortunately. https://www.bing.com/images/search?q=German+Kettenkrad&FORM=IRIBEP Reply ↓ HopeLB March 29, 2017 at 12:07 am Very nice ride! But some might doubt your American patriotism, not Mercedes/BMW drivers who will agree that superior engineering trumps idealology, and not those who conclude your grandfather took out a German and kept a souvenir, but others, who will assume you are the progeny of some great ex-Nazi German rocket scientist who was brought here to work for our space program and who never actually gave up his Nazism. (You could decorate the surfaces with geometric patterns (stars and stripes to prove you’ve moved on?) made of glued on paper clips (Weld Bond works great) to further this hereditary allusion and your generation’s US patriotism. (The coal fired steam engine would be cool because of the street level contrails but you might pass out at red lights from carbon monoxide poisoning.) Maybe have the trebuchet send up small wine bottle-rockets that ignite when they reach maximum height. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Paperclip Reply ↓ craazyboy March 28, 2017 at 4:59 pm Glad the Dems are taking the first small baby steps for mankind in the quest to come up with 2 or 3 words to describe a brand new healthcare system. This must come first, before we can derive the acronym. I recently read O Care eventually generated 60,000 pages of regs, instructions, definitions and whatever. Then the half billion dollar software platform. But the first 2 words is a start…. Reply ↓ Jess March 28, 2017 at 5:09 pm Theresa May signs Article 50 Brexit letter: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4358056/Theresa-signs-Brexit-letter-trigger-Article-50.html?ito=social-facebook Reply ↓ oho March 28, 2017 at 5:28 pm DNC cleans house. maybe too many closet Bernie fans at the rank-file level? http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/embattled-dnc-asks-all-staffers-resignation-letters-n739676 Reply ↓ jo6pac March 28, 2017 at 5:54 pm This will be fun to watch. It will be real telling in the end. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:30 pm While it probably is something icky like that, I’m starting to wonder if some of this is non-optional belt tightening. There have been several hints that the money is just not there. Sirota backing away from his already announced employment with Brock, all the donor quotes that they’re closing their wallets, etc. I was dreaming (actually daydreaming, in those waking moments before you fully discipline the direction of your thinking) of getting a consultant job that would allow me to talk to donors — not about the policy stuff I want, but the reality of what they are actually buying now by donating to Democrats. Because I think there’s no value for money there for anyone not in on the consultant revenue stream. Yes, there are those for whom blocking the left from power is a urgent necessity. But I don’t think there are that many Dem donors who are really incentivized consciously to do that. If you’re a 5-10%er, neoliberalism is coming for you, too, and soon. Most of the upper middle class is next down the chute. I believe the Dems rely on that money. It’s not all coming from billionaires. And maybe, just maybe, those donors are acting rationally. It does happen occasionally. Reply ↓ Ranger Rick March 28, 2017 at 5:35 pm That “no lined-up bills” quote really strikes to the heart of the AHCA debacle. They had years to come up with a better (read: more effective at delivering health care into the hands of citizens at affordable prices) plan. And Ryan had nothing. Ryan has nothing. Is the ALEC-led outsourcing of legislation so far gone that lawmakers have simply completely forgotten how to write their own bills? Do they not each have a bucket list of legislation they’d love to see passed or repealed in an ideal world? I think the party leadership on both sides of the aisle are still in full panic mode, trying to calibrate their behavior for maximum effect in what is going to be the most riotous midterm election in US history. Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 7:58 pm Good point about ALEC-led outsourcing. Reply ↓ Marina Bart March 28, 2017 at 8:31 pm Is the ALEC-led outsourcing of legislation so far gone that lawmakers have simply completely forgotten how to write their own bills? Yes. Reply ↓ allan March 28, 2017 at 5:54 pm U.S. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said on Tuesday he will not divulge – even to other members of his panel – who gave him intelligence reports that indicated President Donald Trump and his associates may have been ensnared in incidental intelligence collection. Asked by a Fox News reporter whether he would inform the other committee members about who gave him the reports he viewed on the White House grounds last week, Nunes said: “We will never reveal those sources and methods.” Onion or Reuters? Nunes is turning out to be the love child of Maxwell Smart and Inspector Clouseau. Reply ↓ ewmayer March 28, 2017 at 6:38 pm Re. India water usage: Doing the math, that translates to an average usage of ~200 Gal (~700 L) per person per day, and this of course lumps personal, industrial and Ag usage into the per-person average. BY way of comparison, California’s 2016 daily water usage averaged out to roughly the same amount [https://ca.water.usgs.gov/water_use/], though it’s not clear to me from that page whether that includes industrial and Ag usage. Reply ↓ freedeomny March 28, 2017 at 6:39 pm WOWSER – Tom Perez just asked for the resignation of the entire DNC Staff: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/embattled-dnc-asks-all-staffers-resignation-letters-n739676 Reply ↓ Darius March 28, 2017 at 6:49 pm The usual excellent work by Matt Stoller on Hamilton. The Democrats’ extollation (sp?) of Hamilton is high-profile evidence of their becoming the party of the rich. When I was a kid being dragged around to Jeff-Jack dinners, the name Hamilton was a dirty word. My grandpa would be spitting out his cigarettes. Stoller mentions a milestone in the current Hamilton hagiography: when Robert Rubin kicked off the Hamilton Society in the dark days of the Bush administration. The headline speaker was the new Senator Barack Obama, performing his trained seal act. I’m sure Rubin patted him on the head and told him what an impressive young man he was, which is Obama’s catnip. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes March 28, 2017 at 7:51 pm Silicon Valley’s quest to live forever: http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/04/03/silicon-valleys-quest-to-live-forever Reply ↓ Flyover March 28, 2017 at 9:23 pm re — Hijab In my corner of flyover US, I see a number of women wearing the veil, or head covering. My flyover village is accepting of all kinds of faiths and nationalities, including Moslems, and I don’t have the impression that force or oppression are involved. Rather, at least in my village, those women wearing headcovering do so to display their faith. They appear to be doing so freely. By the way, some of these women speak perfect English. So maybe these women are simply displaying their allegiance to their faith. Reply ↓ cm March 29, 2017 at 1:43 am Is that why women can’t drive cars in Saudi Arabia? Reply ↓ nowhere March 28, 2017 at 11:02 pm Any word on when NC will be moving to https? Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments clinical wasteman on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017Ach, just realized the cat scrambled even more... different clue on Links 3/28/17If NC is "illegalized", then the NC people... Marina Bart on Persuasion: An IntroductionHey, Foppe. I didn't forget. I'm not sure... Yves Smith on Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…MaybeFilibusters are not allowed on Cabinet appointments. The... different clue on Links 3/28/17Those of you who grabbed for wealth are... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,004) Banking industry (4,640) Brexit (46) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (564) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,455) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,754) Energy markets (504) Environment (452) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,404) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (321) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,449) Health care (388) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (948) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (495) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,878) Links (3,036) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (229) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (141) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (5,007) Private equity (509) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,573) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,013) Social values (1,787) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (383) Technology and innovation (449) The destruction of the middle class (1,334) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (641) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 3/28/2017 12:50 PM Subaru, Aurora pantry 'Share the Love' Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Bob Smith Follow @bobsmithdh     The Aurora Area Interfaith Food Pantry distributed roughly 3.5 million pounds of food last year to nearly 23,000 different people in need. Providing that much food for that many people can be a challenge for any organization, and the Aurora pantry is no different. related advertisement How to help If you have a food donation for the Aurora Area Interfaith Food Pantry, you can drop it off from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. weekdays at the pantry, 1110 Jericho Road, Aurora. For details, call (630) 897-2127 or visit aurorafoodpantry.org.   So when Executive Director Marilyn Weisner learned last fall that Naperville-based Gerald Subaru had selected the pantry as its local charity for the company's national Share the Love campaign, she was thrilled. And she was even more thrilled last week when the bosses at Gerald presented pantry staff members with an oversized check for $48,760. Because the pantry can parlay every dollar it receives into $7 worth of food, the donation will generate right around $341,000 worth of milk and eggs and produce and staples for people who otherwise might go hungry. "It's just incredible," Weisner says. "It's just an amazing donation." Share the Love Subaru's Share the Love campaign started in November and continued through the start of the year. The rules were pretty simple: The corporation agreed to donate $250 to charity for every new vehicle either leased or purchased. Car buyers had the option of having the money donated to one or more of four national charities selected by the company or to a local charity chosen by the dealership. In this case, the guys running Gerald Subaru -- owner Doug Gerald and general manager Alec McKean -- chose the pantry as their local recipient. The dealer raised about $38,000 through car sales and leases and then announced it would kick in another $10,000 on its own. McKean says he got to know about the pantry a year or so ago through a friend, and the dealership already had undertaken some smaller fundraising efforts on its behalf -- including one over the summer that raised about $20,000. But the Share the Love campaign was even more successful because both his staff and his customers bought into the idea that earmarking money for the pantry would directly benefit the community. "This was huge," McKean said. "We didn't think it would be this large of a donation." "They just went to town with the campaign," Weisner says. Food for everyone The Aurora pantry first opened its doors in 1981 and this is Weisner's ninth year at the helm. She and her husband, former mayor Tom Weisner, spent some of their early years as members of the Peace Corps working in Third World countries where they learned just how important nutrition can be. "The idea of everyone getting enough food appealed to me," she says. When she looked around Aurora and parts of Kane County, she says, the thought that "someone in our country and our community didn't have access to enough food just didn't seem right." The pantry started, as many do, in cramped quarters, but moved into its new building at 1110 Jericho Road in 2013. It operates with six staff members and nearly 500 volunteers. Weisner says 35 people are on hand for distribution days -- scheduled for 10 a.m. until 2 p.m. Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays -- to handle countless duties that range from stocking shelves to helping people carry food to their vehicles. She says the pantry is hoping to install lights in its parking lot, with an eye toward offering evening distribution hours so more of the working poor can take advantage of the service. That's the real kicker, she says. Roughly half the people who use the pantry are working, but "people just don't make enough money to cover all their living expenses." Client's choice If you're going to distribute 3.5 million pounds of food, it has to come from somewhere and the Aurora pantry mines three major sources. First, and maybe most importantly, it works with stores that are willing to donate food they know they won't sell. The food is perfectly good, Weisner says, and still under its freshness date. But if a grocer has over-ordered, say, yogurt, pantry volunteers are invited to collect the extras. Volunteers make 40 trips a week to stores such as Jewel, Mariano's and Wal-Mart to stock their shelves. Second, the pantry depends on businesses, schools and other groups to conduct food drives that usually provide canned goods and other staples. Finally, the pantry works closely with the Northern Illinois Food Bank, which provides food at "significant discounts." Once all that food is collected, the pantry gives its clients the chance to visit once a week and select what they need and want. They can walk through the pantry's market and check out the walk-in coolers and the produce and bread sections. Weisner says that "client's choice" approach is more effective than simply handing someone a bag full of groceries because it allows them to pick items they'll actually eat. Just as importantly, she says, "it treats people with dignity and treats people with respect." And because people can visit once a week, she says, the food is available "when the need arises." The Subaru donation will help ensure that program can continue. "We have wonderful community support," Weisner says, "and this just demonstrates that." Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Naperville Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: Business News Aurora Naperville Charities and Fundraising Naperville Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business Business Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Home Business UPDATED March 28 2017 - 7:01PM Save Print License article Telstra joins global YouTube boycott as toll mounts on Google Patrick Hatch Lucy Battersby 27 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Telstra is the latest Australian company to join the global advertiser boycott of YouTube over fears its brand was being associated with bigoted or extremist content.  The telecommunications giant said on Tuesday it was working with YouTube owner Google to ensure its strict advertising guidelines were upheld, but in the meantime was suspending ads from the video platform.     SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Boycott: Telstra has joined several global companies to have pulled their ads from YouTube.  Photo: Craig Sillitoe "We have made the decision to pause our advertising on YouTube until we are satisfied there is an appropriate level of protection for our brand," a Telstra spokesman said.  Telstra had been made aware that a pre-roll video advertisement and a side banner were running on a video published by a "men's rights activist" that attacked writer and Fairfax Media columnist Clementine Ford. Related Content Why the world's biggest advertisers are turning off YouTube Bunnings, Foxtel and Caltex join YouTube ad boycott The video suggests that "Twitter feminists" are "a pack of c---s".  Bunnings, Foxtel and Caltex all pulled ads from YouTube on Monday after becoming aware their ads were running on videos published by racists.  Advertisement Car makers Holden and Kia Australia pulled the pin on YouTube over the weekend after their ads were found on a video that included misogynistic expletives directed at journalist and businesswoman Ita Buttrose.  Meanwhile, Fairfax Media noticed a significant reduction in advertising on YouTube on Tuesday, particularly on any offensive videos already identified in media reports. Google has been scrambling to tighten its controls and has conducted an "extensive review" of its advertising policies in the past week.   SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Google hit: Shares in Google's parent company Alphabet Inc have fallen by 4 per cent.  Photo: AP The UK government kicked off the boycott on March 17 by pulling advertising from YouTube and summoning Google executives to cabinet to explain why government ads were appearing next to extremist material. This followed revelations in London-based paper The Times that offensive videos spouting racist, nationalist, or extremist material were carrying advertising – and receiving revenue from – UK government agencies.  Some of the world's biggest companies have since withdrawn their ads from YouTube, including Johnson & Johnson, PepsiCo, Verizon and Walmart.  Google apologised in a blog post and promised to review which videos were monetised. A few days later, it offered advertisers greater control over where their ads appear, but said it would not limit what appeared online.  Group general manager at Atomic 212, Claire Fenner, said organisations needed to keep up with the pace of change in the industry to fully control where their ads appeared.  "What we are seeing is a natural result of the evolution of the industry, but it's not a new issue," she said, adding there used to be similar concerns about ads appearing next to controversial press articles.  "We will never completely eliminate brand safety risks, but as long as we're collectively focused on developing and improving solutions and processes as an industry, we will continue to minimise these risks for advertisers."  Shares in Google's parent company, Alphabet, have fallen 4 per cent from $US872.37 to $US835.14 since the scandal broke.  with Lucy Battersby Related Content Holden, Kia pull YouTube ads over video insulting Ita Advertisement HuffPost Australia Climate Activists Target Westpac ATMs ... Contains: External link The Push To Raise The Minimum Wage Contains: External link Most Popular 'Rent now, pay forever'? Radio Rentals faces class action 'War zone' in tomato country sparks shortage warning Sydney Airport CEO resigns as Badgerys Creek decision looms 9 things to do when you don't like someone Equal pay for men and women? Now bosses have to prove it Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 9 things to do when you don't like someone Australia now officially has 'Google tax', aims to collect $2b 'Rent now, pay forever'? Radio Rentals faces class action Power price surge: Woolies has bad news for shoppers Retailers 'can't afford' big increase to minimum wage Canberra Times 'Earth-shattering' study reveals the best exercise for anti-ageing China syndrome: Turnbull turns on a dime over extradition Melania Trump a 'virtual shut-in' Efforts of the Trump administration to thwart Russia investigation revealed Trail of destruction unleashed The Sydney Morning Herald Trail of destruction unleashed 'Earth-shattering' study reveals the best exercise for anti-ageing Sydney weather warning issued in wake of Cyclone Debbie Mark Latham behaving like a 'sad' bully: Bill Shorten 'Warning, pool closed, shark in pool': Surprise find in Palm Beach rock pool The Age Trump has a strategy for destroying IS - and it's working Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller quits show ahead of sentencing over fraud charges Newsreader sues Seven over alleged maternity leave sacking India series ends in acrimony Efforts of the Trump administration to thwart Russia investigation revealed Brisbane Times UQ LNP Club president: 'I openly accept I would be a Nazi Party member' Fire at XXXX Brewery at Milton Trail of destruction unleashed Wet ground and high wind 'an ideal recipe for blowing trees over' Trump has a strategy for destroying IS - and it's working WA Today 'Inappropriate': WA Police could be brought into disrepute over Facebook post 'Millions, not thousands': Midland Lotto winners' $4.2 million prize confusion Pay up: Bunbury boss slams court order to pay workers ' vexatious' redundancy Ben Cousins sentenced to one year in jail over stalking, drug possession WA lotto ticket wins $15M in Tuesday's Division One draw Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Capillary to invest $4 m to develop new products Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Abhijeet Vijayvergia, Vice-President and Business Head - South-East Asia and India, Capillary Technologies Omni-channel platform expects to double revenues to $50 m by 2018 Bengaluru, March 28:   Omni-channel solutions platform Capillary Technologies plans to invest $4 million in developing new products to grow revenues. Abhijeet Vijayvergia, Vice-President and Business Head - South-East Asia and India, Capillary Technologies, told BusinessLine that the company expects to double revenues to about $50 million by 2018. Vijayvergia said the overall omni-channel value in India is about $24 billion, which is expected to double in the next three years. “Some of our customers across Asia have benefited from omni-channel, which influences more than 10 per cent of their revenues,” he said. Quoting Myntra’s example, he pointed out that the fashion portal has ventured into the offline space with its Roadster brand. Amazon too has opened its first offline store, Amazon Go. Offline retailers have started to realise they need to be where their customers want them to be. Capillary has worked with over 2,000 brands, including Wal-Mart, Unilever and Pizza Hut. He said the company integrates all channels of a customer by creating a single-window view of consumers and loyalty, allowing users to earn and burn loyalty points anywhere. It also helps customers create a single-window view of catalogue, pricing, inventory and promotions. Capillary has also fast-tracked the process for large brands going live with their e-commerce portal within 4-8 weeks, compared with the industry standard of 16-24 months, as the go-to-market time is critical in a hyper-competitive world, Vijayvergia said. He said that not being omni-channel is no more a choice, but an imperative need for the retailer. In one case, the company was able to reduce loss of sale by as much as 25 per cent, he claims. Loss of sale happens when a customer likes a product but it is not available in the store. This issue was solved by seamlessly aggregating the inventory and offering customers a choice to to buy at the store and be delivered the product at home. (This article was published on March 28, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS computing and information technology | software | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Tendulkar ends Musafir journey COAI says 4G LTE handsets slow down network; seeks TRAI intervention Facebook rolls out Live Location in Messenger Rooter raises funds from Intex ‘Xiaomi will surpass $2 b in revenues this year’ Truecaller the latest entrant in mobile payments service Capillary to invest $4 m to develop new products Dell EMC to double Metal Channel Partner count in Asia-Pacific Japan Edutech firm BYJU’s raises funds from Verlinvest Tech start-up showcase programme LATEST NEWS L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 2,400 cr 18 min. ago US court dismisses case against H-1B lottery system 39 min. ago Sensex gains 114 points ahead of March F&O expiry 40 min. ago BoB money laundering case: ED arrests 2 businessmen 53 min. ago Dilip Buildcon declared as lowest bidder for AP project 58 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech US House votes to revoke internet privacy rules In a major development, the Republican-controlled US House of Representative has voted to revoke the broadband privacy rules that the Fe... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers More Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Market Data Latest News Industries Personal Finance Currency Convertor Video My Portfolios Australia Markets closed ALL ORDS 5,910.70 +50.30 (+0.86%) ASX 200 5,873.50 +52.30 (+0.90%) AUD/USD 0.7643 +0.00 (+0.10%) Tesco handed £214m penalties on false accounting Roland JACKSON AFP28March,2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Britain's biggest retailer Tesco is the world's third-biggest supermarket group after France's Carrefour and global leader and US giant Wal-MartMore Supermarket Tesco has agreed to a fine and compensation costs totalling £214 million ($268 million, 247 million euros) after an accounting scandal at Britain's biggest retailer, the Serious Fraud Office said Tuesday. Under a SFO deal that draws a line under the scandal stretching back three years, Tesco will not face prosecution. However, charges have previously been brought against three former Tesco executives, who will face trial over alleged fraud and false accounting. "Tesco... has in principle reached a deferred prosecution agreement with the UK Serious Fraud Office regarding historic accounting practice," the supermarket giant said in a statement. This "is a voluntary agreement under which Tesco Stores Limited will not be prosecuted provided the business fulfils certain requirements, including paying a financial penalty of £129 million". In addition, Tesco will compensate shareholders by around £85 million in total. Tesco had been accused of overstating profits by £326 million between February and September 2014. Following the incident, the company appointed outsider and former Unilever executive Dave Lewis in July 2014 to replace long-standing chief executive Philip Clarke and oversee a drastic restructuring of the group. - 'Sincere regret' - "Over the last two and a half years, we have fully co-operated with this investigation into historic accounting practices, while at the same time fundamentally transforming our business," Lewis said in the statement. "We sincerely regret the issues which occurred in 2014 and we are committed to doing everything we can to continue to restore trust in our business and brand." In recent years, Tesco has suffered in the face of fierce competition in its domestic market from German-owned discount retailers Aldi and Lidl -- and also from Sainsbury's, Morrison and Wal-Mart unit Asda. Tuesday's announcement comes amid growing investor opposition to Tesco's proposed £3.7-billion takeover of British wholesaling giant Booker. Major Tesco shareholders Schroder Investment Management and Artisan Partners have demanded the board scrap the deal over the high price -- and branded it an unwelcome distraction from the supermarket's ongoing turnaround plans. "The supermarket can now put the whole sorry saga of mis-stating its profits back in 2014 behind it," said ETX Capital analyst Neil Wilson. "But it now has another fire to fight in the shape of a shareholder revolt over its proposed £3.7-billion buy-out of Booker." Booker meanwhile is Britain's biggest cash-and-carry operator and sells goods to more than 503,000 customers -- including grocers, pubs and restaurants. It also owns convenience store chains Budgens, Londis and Premier, as well as wholesalers Makro and Booker Wholesale. In Tuesday deals, Tesco shares finished 0.66 percent lower at 191.20 pence on London's FTSE 100 index, which gained almost 0.7 percent to close at 7,343.42 points. - 'Baptism of fire' - Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at stockbroker Hargreaves Lansdown, said that investors took heart at news of the compensation. "This kind of accounting error is exceptionally rare in the UK stock market, nonetheless shareholders in all companies will be heartened to learn that in instances where false information is provided to the market, the regulator will see to it that investors are duly compensated," Khalaf said. "Dave Lewis underwent a baptism of fire when he took over as CEO in 2014, just as the accounting scandal struck. "He and the supermarket will now be hoping to draw a line under the matter, and concentrate on nurturing Tesco's nascent recovery." Tesco is the world's third-biggest supermarket group after France's Carrefour and global leader and US giant Wal-Mart. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to read next ACTU wants $45 per week minimum wage rise AAP China is building a new base in Africa that creates 'significant operational security' issues for the US military Business Insider There's been a 'stunning' shift in the US economy since Trump's election Business Insider Morning-finance-report-March-28 7News How high can interest rates go this year, realistically? Yahoo7 Finance Morning-Finance-Report-March 27 7News Early finance report - March 10 Hazelwood closure: what it means for electricity prices and blackouts Yahoo7 Finance Afternoon finance report - March 24 7News Afternoon finance report - March 6 Investor burned by Bernie Madoff jumps to death from Manhattan hotel CNBC Morning Finance Report - March 24 7News Early finance report - March 6 The 12 jobs most at risk of being replaced by robots Business Insider Morning-Finance-Report-March 24 7News Doctor focused on fresh start on release from prison
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA SQ Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) closes Tuesday at new-all-time high >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Why Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Sees Groceries as Its Holy Grail AMZN is taking it slow with retail stores and fresh food By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 28, 2017, 11:07 am EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Tesla Inc (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk Pulls a Model 3 Bait-and-Switch The Core of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Is at Risk Bank of America: BAC Stock Is a SAFETY Play? Recent Posts: Why Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Sees Groceries as Its Holy Grail Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Is Becoming a Tech Stock Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Is Still More Beast Than Beauty View All Posts Most investors think Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) can do no wrong. This is a stance you should be suspicious of, just as you’re suspicious when people say a company with a track record of profit can suddenly do nothing right. I suggested buying AMZN stock on its recent earnings miss and the story had barely been posted before Amazon stock recovered. That’s a sign of a hot stock. Source: Amazon At its current level of about $851 per share, you’re looking at a 13% gain year-to-date, a 46% gain for the full year. The shares I bought in 2014, when they were at an average of $330, look like a very sweet deal indeed. The company’s market cap, $404 billion, is the fifth largest and its 12-month gain is the best among the biggest stocks. Now AMZN is planning to open brick-and-mortar stores, and sell fresh food. Should investors be suspicious? If recent news of a potential delay in the launch of its Amazon Go grocery store is any indication, the company’s ambitions will be more difficult to turn into reality. Reports indicate that AMZN is struggling to keep track of its customers and items in its test stores. However, technical issues aside, Tom Caporaso, CEO of Clarus Commerce, which offers online merchants subscription and loyalty programs, told me that investors shouldn’t be skeptical of its objective to enter the grocery space. AMZN and Groceries: The Point Is Velocity The point of getting into fresh food isn’t to gain sales and margin, he said, but velocity. “Amazon is a closed loop marketing engine,” in which the more often you buy from Amazon, the more things it can sell. If you’re buying apples and kale from AMZN, you’re buying from them several times a week, and that is the point of the exercise. You shouldn’t expect hundreds of Amazon stores to open this year, Caporaso said, maybe no more than 20, and you shouldn’t expect Amazon to be selling bananas everywhere all at once. It’s the company’s ability to learn from mistakes that makes it powerful, and its willingness to try again with an improved offer that makes it such a fearsome competitor. “They start small, learn and optimize, then roll out over time instead of getting in big,” he explained. “They are data driven, taking these ideas and continually moving forward based on data, rather than making big bets.” Meals Are the Holy Grail for Amazon Stock Where Amazon is heading, Caporaso said, is the dinner table, and this should make grocers like Kroger Co (NYSE:KR), Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) very nervous over the next two to five years. The woman to watch is Martha Stewart, who is now selling her meal kits through AmazonFresh in four markets. There are now 150 players in this space, selling pre-packaged meal ingredients, with directions and looking to disrupt both grocers and restaurants. The point of a meal kit is that you get everything you needed to cook a meal, which can both minimize food waste and teach basic cooking skills. The meal kit industry has already moved from basic meals to specialty meals, including athlete meals, baby meals and vegetarian meals. Martha Stewart is Amazon’s stalking horse in the meal kit business. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/amazon-com-inc-amzn-groceries-holy-grail/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Blue Chips to Sell in April 3 Picks for a ‘Trump Trade’ Reversal 4 Retail REITs That Must Face the Music The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs for Retirement Tencent’s TSLA Stake Is a BIG Buy Signal Apple Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs for Retirement 4 Retail REITs That Must Face the Music Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Might Have a Chink in Its Armor 3 Investments to Buy If the ‘Trump Trade’ Reverses Course Most Popular The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. AmazonFresh Pickup Will Deliver Groceries To Your Car Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share AmazonFresh Pickup Will Deliver Groceries To Your Car March 28, 2017 11:49 am EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk amazon amazon prime amazonfresh amazonFresh pickup at the drive-in curbside pickup groceries grocery delivery After reports last year that Amazon had its sights set on expanding its grocery business to curbside delivery, the company has officially announced it’s testing a new service called AmazonFresh Pickup. Only Amazon employees will be able to shop during the beta phase of Pickup at two locations in Seattle, but eventually it will be open to Amazon Prime Members. Shoppers use an app to select their items and then schedule them for pickup starting from 15 minutes after they place the order. There’s no minimum order or fee for using the service, so it won’t matter if you just need one thing or a trunk full of items. Once customers arrive at the dedicated pickup spot, Amazon employees will deliver the groceries directly to their vehicle. Amazon’s new program echoes a service that Walmart has been offering in certain locations since 2014, allowing customers in a handful of markets to place grocery orders in advance and have them waiting for pickup later in the day. Walmart recently expanded that program to additional cities. March 28, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk amazon amazon prime amazonfresh amazonFresh pickup at the drive-in curbside pickup groceries grocery delivery Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related catering to millennials Groceries & Millennials: They’re Buying Less, Shopping Online Box O' Stuff Amazon Prime Members Can Now Shop For Groceries With Addition Of Pantry Service what's in a number? If You Want To Use Amazon Fresh You’ll Have To Pay $299/Year For PrimeFresh First i want what i want Amazon Dash Shopping Wand Now Lets Users Order Any Prime Item They Want speak and be heard Amazon’s Dash Device: Speak Or Scan Grocery, Household Items Onto A Grocery List Previous Samsung Store Catches Fire, Cause Unknown Next First Amendment Group Wants Homeland Security To Turn Over Records On Phone Searches At Borders Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: First Amendment Group Wants Homeland Security To Turn Over Records On Phone Searches At Borders Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search U.S. News World News Politics Sports Science & Tech Company announces recall of nearly 1 million pounds of chicken for possible 'metal objects' Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Kelsey Weekman, AOL.com Mar 24th 2017 2:58PM OK Food Inc. announced a recall of nearly 1 million pounds of breaded chicken products sold across the nation after customers reported finding "metal objects" in the food. About 933,300 pounds of breaded chicken products sold by the Oklahoma company fall under the recall, according to notice issued Thursday by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The chicken is old under various brand names in stores across the country, including Wal-Mart's Great Value store brand. The chicken products with establishment No. P-7092 in the USDA mark of inspection might be tainted. The recall was issued after five people complained about finding metal in the chicken. Personnel with the USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service also found metal. OK Food Inc. found that the food was tainted by metal from a conveyor belt. No injuries or illnesses have been reported. Read more about recalls: 7 PHOTOS Product recalls 2016 See Gallery Product recalls 2016 The Consumer Safety Commission announced a safety recall on September 15, 2016 for Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 smartphone after users reported that some of the devices caught fire when charging. (George Frey/Getty Images) Snickers bars are seen in this picture illustration taken February 23, 2016. Mars Inc has recalled chocolate bars and other products in 55 countries, mainly in Europe, after bits of plastic were found in a Snickers bar in Germany, the U.S. chocolate maker said on Tuesday. All of the recalled products, which include Mars, Snickers and Milky Way bars, were manufactured at a Dutch factory in Veghel, according to a Mars spokeswoman. The recall follows a January 8th complaint from a consumer in Germany, who said she found red plastic in a Snickers bar and sent it back to the company. (REUTERS/Dado Ruvic) August 2, 2016 RECALL ALERT: Starbucks announced that it is recalling a stainless steel beverage straw: https://t.co/oK03QAp5Or Samsung to recall 2.8 million washing machines in the United States https://t.co/0eQ5RckbJ0 Recall Alert: Kidde recalls more than 5 million combination smoke, CO Alarms https://t.co/4swj2uGowt https://t.co/dSZwOjw9CN FDA: Mislabeled Heinz Homestyle Gravy recalled https://t.co/msvFvXFlEq https://t.co/BDmYklwtdf Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE Tags Food Safety and Inspection Service USDA Read Full Story Sign up for Breaking News by AOL to get the latest breaking news alerts and updates delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Feeling fatigued could be a sign of a serious health condition Cheat Sheet The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Pay no interest until May 2018 with this card 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months The highest paying cash back card is here If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today This Machine Uses 2,000 Marbles To Play The Best Song You've Ever Heard The Only Thing Creepier Than This Disturbing Mask Is The Story Of The Man Behind It Students Agree To Play A Strange Game With Their Teacher — And Seriously Regret It Dirty VW diesels sit in parking-lot limbo in Pontiac, Michigan Searching for happiness? It's not in your right foot Pornhub offering free snow plow service in Boston and New Jersey Recommended For You 1 WATCH LIVE: President Trump signs executive order reversing Obama climate regulations 2 Embattled DNC asks all staffers for resignation letters 3 This jewelry store's billboard got everyone so riled up even Chelsea Clinton tweet... 4 Donald Trump claims US Constitution bars 'Apprentice' star's defamation suit while... 5 Sean Spicer during question on White House perception: 'Please stop shaking your h... 6 Bill O'Reilly apologizes for comments about Rep. Maxine Waters' hair 7 Department of Transportation bills 17-year-old to repair guardrail that killed her 8 House Republican completely shuts down Steve Bannon after being told they had 'no ... More to Explore From Our Partners And just like that, "Dancing with the Stars" said goodbye to...Rare The Haunting Face of a Man Who Lived 700 Years AgoDid You Know? People Have Been Making Chicken Wrong The Whole Time - Here'...Boredom Therapy Glass-Printed Photos from Fracture Are an Easy Way to Make Y...Did You Know? Which High End Fashion Brand Matches Your Personality?MagiQuiz Whole-Body Vibration Machines Might Actually Help You Lose W...Seeker 25 Railroad Workers Reveal The Most Brutal Scene They've Eve...Thought Catalog I Found An iPhone On The Ground And What I Found In Its Phot...Thought CatalogBy PubExchange Wed, Mar 29 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop News Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile News © 2017  AOL Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News New Report – Investing in Entry-Level Talent: Retention Strategies that Work SOURCE: FSG DESCRIPTION: Read the Report> $9 Billion Dollars That’s how much voluntary entry-level turnover cost the U.S. retail industry in 2016. And turnover rates are rising across industries from healthcare to banking. Investing in the retention and advancement of your entry-level workforce provides significant benefits to your business—financially, competitively, and culturally. In Investing in Entry-Level Talent: Retention Strategies that Work, we highlight 4 key strategies practiced by companies with track records of success. Find out how: Gap Inc. doubled retention rates Southwest Airlines achieved a 2-5% turnover rate Cigna’s tuition reimbursement program produced a 129% return on investment When companies invest in the retention and advancement of their entry-level employees, they can improve business outcomes and ultimately contribute to a more economically vibrant and equitable society. This research was funded by Walmart for the benefit of nonprofits, workforce organizations, and employers. Read the Report > Tweet me: Entry-level #retention/advancement creates #sharedvalue – see how to do it in @fsgtweets @walmart report http://bit.ly/2najCBM KEYWORDS: Diversity & Inclusion, impact hiring, entry-level, entry-level retention, entry-level advancement, Retention, advancement, FSG CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Industry, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 8 Tips to Create a Good Deeds Day Project with Your Office Next PostNext End Pain & Feel Great Again! Author and Medical Hypnotherapist Duncan Tooley on Dr. Carol Francis Talk Radio Today Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News New Report – Investing in Entry-Level Talent: Retention Strategies that Work SOURCE: FSG DESCRIPTION: Read the Report> $9 Billion Dollars That’s how much voluntary entry-level turnover cost the U.S. retail industry in 2016. And turnover rates are rising across industries from healthcare to banking. Investing in the retention and advancement of your entry-level workforce provides significant benefits to your business—financially, competitively, and culturally. In Investing in Entry-Level Talent: Retention Strategies that Work, we highlight 4 key strategies practiced by companies with track records of success. Find out how: Gap Inc. doubled retention rates Southwest Airlines achieved a 2-5% turnover rate Cigna’s tuition reimbursement program produced a 129% return on investment When companies invest in the retention and advancement of their entry-level employees, they can improve business outcomes and ultimately contribute to a more economically vibrant and equitable society. This research was funded by Walmart for the benefit of nonprofits, workforce organizations, and employers. Read the Report > Tweet me: Entry-level #retention/advancement creates #sharedvalue – see how to do it in @fsgtweets @walmart report http://bit.ly/2najCBM KEYWORDS: Diversity & Inclusion, impact hiring, entry-level, entry-level retention, entry-level advancement, Retention, advancement, FSG CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Industry, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 8 Tips to Create a Good Deeds Day Project with Your Office Next PostNext End Pain & Feel Great Again! Author and Medical Hypnotherapist Duncan Tooley on Dr. Carol Francis Talk Radio Today Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Editorial Columns Letters Books Blogs AMERICAN PERISCOPE A hard buy C GOPINATH comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet How e-commerce impacts retail strategies March 28, 2017:   Retail chains in the US are going through a churn thanks to e-commerce. As more and more customers buy online, large retailers are having to re-think how they attract customers and some may not make the transition. Studies show that departmental stores suffered a 6 per cent fall in sales while online retailers saw a 11 per cent increase last year. One iconic chain that is particularly hit badly is the over 130-year old Sears. When I visited a nearby outlet, I found that the store had vacated a whole floor and moved all departments into one floor, to save costs. Sears Holdings Corp., the parent company that owns both the Sears and Kmart chain of stores, has seen seven straight years of losses. The current majority shareholder, Edward Lampert, who is also the company chairman is a hedge-fund manager who invested in the company with hopes of turning it around and making a profit. That possibility seems quite bleak now and the company’s share price has fallen about 40 per cent in the last year. On sale Companies in a turnaround are often caught in a vice and have to make contradictory decisions. One of them is with regard to what assets to hold. While their revival would require them to build on the strong parts of their business, the reality of the market forces them to sell those same valuable assets to raise the cash needed to invest in areas that would fund the turnaround. Lampert has been selling both real estate and valuable brands such as Craftsman (known for tools) and Lands’ End (apparel) to raise money. At the end of it all, one wonders what will be left. JC Penney, a 114-year old chain, is also planning to sell about 140 stores and has also announced a voluntary retirement scheme for employees. Penney is planning to shift its focus by cutting apparel and increasing home goods like appliances, less impacted by online sales. Macy’s, another retailer hit by the trend, is also planning store closures and sale of real estate.Those who have weathered On the plus side, some retailers have been able to cope with the changing habits of customers. TJX Corp. which owns the TJ Maxx and Marshall’s chains selling brand name clothing at discounted rates, is planning on opening about 1800 new stores, a 50 per cent increase. Walmart is also going through a major transformation. It has maintained earnings and is planning to slow down its new supercenter openings and instead focus on e-commerce. Of course, the challenger who is forcing all the change and transformation is Amazon. Although all the major retailers now have an online division, Amazon enjoys its first-mover advantages. It has expanded into almost every product line. Its sales are reportedly growing at about 20 per cent. Amazon is riding the wave of changing buying habits; how we search for items, compare prices, check reviews, and arrange for fast shipping. Those understand these changes and realign strategies will survive. It was reported recently that Amazon plans to open grocery stores primarily selling perishables (which you would not normally buy on-line) in a brick-and-mortar format. They already have one on trial at Seattle. Ironically, Sears began in 1886 as a mail order catalogue company and began opening retail outlets only in 1925. Are we coming a full circle? The writer is a professor at Suffolk University, Boston (This article was published on March 28, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Infibeam ties up with US-based Sears Holding Management TOPICS Columns | American Periscope | advertising and marketing | retailing | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED UK to trigger Brexit tomorrow; Indian cos hope for clarity From the Viewsroom: Turbulence at TISS How politics shapes roads in India Donald Trump’s exchange rate bogey Boorish MP, unapologetic Sena All you wanted to know about... import alert A hard buy Checkered into debt and bankruptcy LATEST NEWS L&T Construction wins orders worth Rs 2,400 cr 2 min. ago US court dismisses case against H-1B lottery system 23 min. ago Sensex gains 114 points ahead of March F&O expiry 24 min. ago BoB money laundering case: ED arrests 2 businessmen 37 min. ago Dilip Buildcon declared as lowest bidder for AP project 42 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in C Gopinath Trumpian ethics How business and politics go together » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News National Pro BBQ Tour Kicks Off 7th Season More than 700 teams will compete in 31 events for hundreds of thousands of dollars BENTONVILLE, AR–(Marketwired – March 28, 2017) – The National Pro BBQ Tour, the biggest, most competitive barbecue tournament in America, kicked off its seventh season with plans to visit almost 30 states in America thanks to Sam’s Club, the official sponsor and supplier to the Kansas City Barbeque Society. The tour has 25 local qualifying events, where 30 of America’s greatest barbecue teams will compete each week for a spot at one of the five regional events. Out of those 150 teams who make the regionals, 50 teams will move on to compete for the National Pro BBQ Tour Championship at Sam’s Club’s headquarters in Bentonville, Ark. (Dates for the National Championship event can be found at www.kcbs.us/samstour.) More than 700 teams will ultimately enter the tournament to claim their share of the largest prize purse in barbecue, $500,000. The one team that wins at all three levels will pocket a Grand Prize of $50,000. So far, that title has been claimed by teams from Georgia, Iowa, Missouri, and Michigan. „This will be an amazing BBQ season based on the record-setting registration and interest already this year,” said series director Michael McDearman. „I look forward to hitting the road and joining pro pitmasters to explain the growth of this sport and share their secrets with backyard grillers throughout the country.” All the events for the tour are sanctioned by the Kansas City Barbeque Society, which requires them to prepare chicken, pork ribs, pork and beef brisket. A combined score of these four categories determines a team’s ability to move onto the regional events and ultimately the National Championship in Bentonville, Ark. It’s a day packed with excitement not only for the teams competing, but also for the general public. Each of the tour stops will be hosted at a Sam’s Club location, free of charge, where the public can interact with professionals and see how exciting a pro barbeque competition is. They’ll also have the opportunity to learn more about great Sam’s Club products perfect for home grilling and barbecuing, as series director McDearman demonstrates grilling tips and techniques followed by free samples. „This tour shows the true American barbeque style of cooking that stretches all over the country — from coast to coast, border to border,” McDearman said. The National Pro BBQ Tour is presented by Sam’s Club and sponsored in part by Cargill™, Smithfield, New Zealand Lamb, Tyson®, Bush’s® Baked Beans, Tone’s® Seasonings and Weber® Sauces and Seasonings. Updated information about the tour can always be found at www.kcbs.us/samstour. About Sam’s Club® Sam’s Club®, a division of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT), is a leading membership warehouse club offering superior products, savings and services to millions of members in 652 clubs in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. To learn more about Sam’s Club, visit the Sam’s Club Newsroom, shop at SamsClub.com, and interact with Sam’s Club on Twitter and Facebook. About The Kansas City Barbeque Society (KCBS) KCBS is a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting and enjoying barbeque. KCBS serves more than 50,000 active members and volunteers, while sanctioning more than 500 barbeque contests worldwide. For more information, visit us online at www.KCBS.us, on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/KansasCityBarbequeSociety and on Twitter @KCBBQSociety CategoriesUncategorized Tagsdivision, general, headquarters, Home and Garden, Sports, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious San Diego-based CaseyGerry Successfully Adopts StoryCloud Video Deposition Technology Next PostNext IDM Mining Completes the Sale of Its Yukon Portfolio to StrikePoint Gold Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Iconic Tour Trump's epic health-care fail offers 5 iconic lessons for dealmakers: Op-Ed Ravin Gandhi, CEO and founder of GMM Nonstick Coatings | @RavinGandhi1 16 Hours Ago SHARES After only 64 days in office, President Donald J. Trump raised the white flag and surrendered on what he promised would be his most important legislative priority: fixing American health care. Trump declared Obamacare would remain the law of the land because he was unable to get his own party to agree on a sweeping reform bill. The political consequences of this stunning debacle may end up being historic — and crippling. Personally, I was happy to see Trump's health-care reform die (because it would have resulted in 24 million Americans losing insurance), but I still can't believe Trump failed so badly, and so soon. After all, Trump is the quintessential deal maker, who promised he would get big, complex stuff done for a fraction of the cost. So where did our master negotiator go wrong? To find the answer, I consulted "The Art of the Deal," Trump's best-selling book I first read as a high school sophomore in 1987. Below are some axioms from Trump's book the president needs to start following if he wants to start winning. This advice is relevant for entrepreneurs because it also works pretty well when it comes to business deal-making. 1. "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is to seem desperate to make it." Throughout my 20-plus-year career in starting, building and selling businesses, I have negotiated and closed many deals. Trump is completely correct: You gain the most leverage when the other side knows you have the strength to walk away. As Trump looks ahead to tax reform, he must not ooze desperation like he did with health care. What's his best move? Trump needs to tack to the center. To be "Reaganesque," tax reform must pass with true bipartisan support and not on party lines. This would be real leadership and might finally change the tone in Washington. Trump's tax policies will help small business and the economy, but his strength will come from being able to work across the aisle. If he succeeds, he might even gain enough political capital to resurrect bipartisan health-care reform, which is needed due to skyrocketing costs. 2. "Sometimes it pays to be a little wild." Going crazy in a smart way can be a great tactic. For instance, we all know that "the customer is always right," but I've been forced in the past to go a little wild and fire multimillion-dollar clients because they demanded pricing that was far below my cost. I suffered short-term pain, but in the long run my company GMM won respect from even larger enterprise clients who saw I was unwilling to lose money just to keep an account. I've also killed M&A deals because the buyer pushed too hard, only to have a new deal materialize that was superior. show chapters Trump's agenda in trouble?    Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 2:02 PM ET | 04:29 What type of unpredictable behavior might help President Trump now? Here's an obvious one: Stop pandering to extremists in Congress. The ultraconservative Freedom Caucus singlehandedly sank needed health-care reform because of their slavish obsession with political ideology. Even though these stubborn neocons helped Trump get elected, he needs to show he's happy to ditch them and work with the left to pass a massive infrastructure bill. This success would put millions of people to work, improve our roads and bridges and not waste trillions of dollars overseas (i.e. on misbegotten wars.) 3. "I'm very good to people who are good to me." Sometimes in order to be good to someone, you have to deliver a painful truth. In Trump's case, he needs to stop misleading millions of economically challenged supporters by saying globalization is completely to blame for their situation. Capitalism has proved that border taxes create no jobs, and overseas factories never magically relocate if it makes no economic sense. Every day 40 million Americans use GMM's products, and a trade war would be a nightmare for these people because prices would spike at retailers like Wal-Mart and Amazon. More from iCONIC: Leadership lessons from Reed Hastings' $3 billion-per-year growth story How Tim Cook reached a new high following the toughest act in tech The CEO letter-writer who Warren Buffett reads for wisdom To be a 21st-century leader, Trump should tell the truth: The biggest killer of American factory jobs has been technological innovation, which can be neither demonized nor stopped. Trump should stun the world and propose a national education and retraining program for workers displaced by automation and productivity increases, because that will unleash the true power of the American economy: reinvention. Over the past 200 years we've gone from a farm economy to smokestacks, high-tech factories and services, and with the right leadership, these advancements will continue at an exponential pace. 4. "Getting press can be helpful in making deals." Many entrepreneurs (including myself) use press to enhance our company's image because it greatly helps sales and marketing efforts. Trump is a true genius when it comes to using the press to get his way. The mistake Trump made is forgetting that he's president now. He's already won. Thus, even though journalists (most of whom are biased against Trump) will have a field day with his health-care failure, he must rise above it and not take it personally. Instead of attacking the press constantly and promoting conspiracy theories that ruin his credibility, Trump should grow thick skin and get off social media. It's not too late for our president to start acting presidential. 5. "If you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on." This is true for any leader, because all anyone cares about is results. With Trump's approval rating at historic lows, he better realize his honeymoon period is over with the American people. The guy who is terrified of losing has lost big, and he doesn't have much time to turn the optics around. But I'm not counting Trump out just yet. He just needs to take his own advice, and he might be able to get some big things done that help all Americans. — By Ravin Gandhi, CEO and founder of GMM Nonstick Coatings. Gandhi is also a VC investor and has invested in technology companies KeyMe, Ampsy, Tred, Lettrs and Hester Biosciences. Ravin Gandhi, CEO and founder of GMM Nonstick Coatings To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Opinion Commentary: Biggest social-justice hurdle for minorities? The majority       Kerry SmithMy Word columnist Privacy Policy For true human equality, you need the white guys. In the big scheme of things, social justice is a war, and equality fights for women or blacks or gays are battles. A marginalized group can demand anything it wants day after day, but if the majority doesn’t join in, they can’t move forward. In the march toward equality, there are three possible outcomes: 1. The minority takes over. 2. The minority loses and becomes more marginalized. 3 The majority comes to understand the minority’s pain, agrees to solutions and works to bring them about. Of those outcomes, only No. 3 makes sense. Convincing old white guys is the goal even if they caused the problem. Women cannot achieve true equality unless men agree, jump on board and help make it happen. Gays need straights. Muslims need Christians. Blacks need whites. Either we move forward together or we don’t move forward at all. There’s power when a woman stands up and says she’s triple-whammied by being Latina, gay and a woman. But there’s also power when a white guy in a business suit commits to seeing past all three labels. Whites can empathize and understand some of the day-to-day affronts blacks face, but they can’t live it. The most sensitive white guy may cringe to hear yet-another tale of a black woman shadowed by store security; yet it won’t be top-of-mind the next time he walks into Wal-Mart — but a commitment to equality doesn’t require personal suffering. It only requires open eyes and empathy. What if one minority fails to support another? What if an evangelical African-American believes homosexuality is a sin? “I have a legit reason” could lead him to treat another marginalized group —  gay brothers and sisters —  to the same type of discrimination he faces. Should religious blacks do nothing or, contrary to fundamental religious beliefs, stand shoulder-to-shoulder with gays? My opinion: Everyone should march for everyone else’s rights. We should all join the fight for social justice, and like NATO and Europe, an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us —  even old white men. The two issues at play here — the ethics of gayness, for example, and the right to be gay —  have nothing in common. The former is religious; the latter is an American value written into the Constitution. We can vehemently hate the way someone lives his life, yet still fight for his freedom to live it. There is no hypocrisy in that; there is no ethical disconnect. The battles must be fought, but the war is the prize. March for women, advocate “Black Lives Matter,” dance on gay pride days, hoist a beer at Oktoberfest. We’re stronger when we work together. Kerry Smith lives in Winter Springs. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 70°
WV State Trooper shot, suspect apprehended - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports NFL owners approve Raiders' move from Oakland to Las Vegas Basketball Madness Bracket Challenge 2017 Martinsville NASCAR STP500 Ticket Giveaway 2017 High School Basketball Scores Inside Track WV Illustrated Video Community Community Calendar Fill Your Plate in the Mountain State Hooked on Science What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away Track our StormTracker Contest 2017 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 WV State Trooper shot, suspect apprehended Posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 6:23 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 12:23 PM EDT UPDATE 12:00 PM: West Virginia State Police released a statement on social media about the injured officer. "Corporal D. S. Fry was wounded in the wrist and shoulder early this morning while responding to a domestic disturbance in Lincoln County, WV. His injuries are non-life threatening; however, they are serious. The West Virginia State Police thanks everyone for their concern and words of encouragement. Please continue to remember Corporal Fry and his family in your thoughts and prayers as he begins a long road toward recovery." UPDATE 9:00 AM: WOWK is reporting the suspect has been apprehended and taken into custody. Police sent in a robot to apprehend the suspect, and he still had a gun at that point. Ths suspect is facing several charges and is in police custody at this point.  UPDATE 8:00 a.m.:  WOWK has also learned a female has been injured in the incident. It's unclear whether she was shot. State Police have confirmed that the trooper shot is in surgery and has non-life threatening injuries. Both the Trooper and the female victims have non-life threatening injuries. Crews on scene tell us people were inside the apartment building at the time of the shooting. Fire crews evacuated nearby buildings. The injured Trooper escaped in his cruiser to the Southridge Walmart and radioed for help. The suspect is considered armed inside an apartment building. No word on when this scene will be cleared. No names are being released at this time. ORIGINAL: According to Kanawha County Dispatchers, A West Virginia State Trooper is shot while responding to a domestic violence call in Lincoln County. The Trooper, who has not been identified was in Lincoln County to check on a domestic violence call around 2:00 a.m. Tuesday morning (3/28). When he arrived, a person opened fire. According to our sister station in Charleston, WOWK the trooper was shot once in the wrist and once in the shoulder.  The Trooper was able to get back to his patrol car and drive himself to the Southridge Walmart, and get help.  The State Police Special Response Team and the Kanawha County SWAT team are now working to get the suspect. WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Hostess with the mostess! Melania and Trump all smiles as they entertain senators at the White House and President promises healthcare deal 'soon' - but Kellyanne and Cruz don't look happy Three storm chasers - including two Weather Channel contractors - are killed after their two cars collide at high speed at an intersection while they were following a tornado in Texas Jacksonville high school upsets its students with patronizing prom flyer showing an appropriate dress with the caption 'GOOD GIRL' New York Mayor De Blasio launches NYPD order to keep ICE agents off of school grounds as he aims to protect sanctuary status EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting dead three masked teenage intruders with an assault rifle and repeatedly asked police if they would survive Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger is 'based on a character from a comic book series' new lawsuit claims House votes to wipe away the FCC's internet privacy protections which could lead to internet providers being allowed to sell customer information Look who's back! Hillary attacks EVERYTHING Trump has done and takes Sean Spicer to task for demeaning female reporter in her first major speech since losing the election Who needs complicated Trumpcare? Republican congressman files bill to repeal Obamacare with a single sentence  The 'War on Coal' is over: President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental regulations  'I am being viciously attacked with lies and smears': Comedians turn Donald Trump's speeches into a whiny, angsty '00s-style emo song - and it's quickly become Twitter's favorite new tune 'I'm a strong black woman, I cannot be intimidated': Congresswoman Maxine Waters slams Bill O'Reilly for mocking her 'James Brown' hair 'If Trump uses Russian salad dressing somehow that's a Russian connection': Sean Spicer is criticized for giving reporter 'with an agenda' both barrels and telling her 'stop shaking your head' during his answer Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and claims his boyfriend has turned to opiates because he has been so stressed by the Left's rhetoric Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and regular brands... shame the neighbors don't appreciate it From fresh-faced youngster to hardened criminal covered in face tattoos: Increasingly sinister mugshots chart the plight of Texas Tango Blast gang member Boy, 15, who pleaded guilty to shooting dead his sister, 12, and planning to set fire to his family's Missouri home is sentenced to 25 years in prison Honor student, 18, who planned to bomb and shoot up her Maryland high school wrote of desire to be the first female mass shooter and analyzed past school shootings in her diary Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and Harry Winston overcharge by 330% for 'identical' stones sold in Costco Maryland cop shoots dead man who complained about a stolen bicycle before lunging with a knife at the officer taking the report Florida man, 24, 'fatally stabs his roommate, 21, after she hugged him goodbye and told him she leaving to move in with her boyfriend' 10 members of the Bonnano crime family - including 'Bald Chris', 'Pudgie' and 'The Jew' are indicted on $26million racketeering charge and are set to lose their palatial homes  Teacher who kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student composed and performed a creepy love song to ANOTHER student years ago  'If you don't want me to defend him, I will sit down and shut up': Aaron Hernandez's defense attorney erupts in court as former Patriot's fiancee watches Previous Next Could fugitive teacher, 50 and the student, 15, he 'abducted' be in Central America? Investigators warn the pair who vanished two weeks ago could have crossed the border as cops continue to try and hunt them down Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee Investigators received tip last week that they were spotted in Corpus Christi, TX The tip was unconfirmed, but police in Mexico and Central America have been notified in a precautionary measure Cummins and Thomas left romantic and sexually charged email drafts to each other on a school computer at Culleoka School, it has been revealed  Thomas's sister also said her teacher would show up to her work unannounced 'She would go and tell people to tell him she wasn't there and she would go and hide until he left,' said Sarah Thomas  By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 09:40 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 09:51 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail 50 shares 83 View comments Investigators fear a 50-year-old teacher who disappeared with his teenage student could have crossed the border into Mexico or Central America since they were last seen two weeks ago.  The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation alerted police in Mexico and Central America to keep an eye out for Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas, 15, who could be 'anywhere' since they vanished from the town of Columbia on March 13.  While the agency received an tip last week that the two were spotted in Corpus Christi, Texas - just 150 miles away from the border - police were unable to confirm the sighting. With dwindling leads as to where the couple could be, investigators are taking precautionary measures and considering the possibility that they may have left the country. Family members have pleaded for Cummins to bring Thomas home after it was discovered that the two had been sending love letters to one another by writing draft emails on a shared classroom computer at Culleoka School.   Scroll down for video Elizabeth Thomas, 15, (left) disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13 with Tad Cummins, 50 A reported sighting of the pair was made in Corpus Christi, Texas, last week. Police could not confirm it, but investigators have notified police in Mexico and Central America  Cummins and Thomas left love notes for each other on his classroom computer at Culleoka School before vanishing. The pair are pictured in the classroom, above, in January The TBI issued a statement saying: 'We have not requested an AMBER Alert be issued in Mexico or Central America.  'We have, through the FBI, shared with law enforcement in Mexico and Central America, relevant information about the case, to include identifying information about both individuals.  'This is, however, in the name of due dilligence. We have no specific information Tad Cummins took Elizabeth Thomas across the Border.' Cummins' wife Jill spoke with NBC News on Monday and urged her husband to turn himself in, saying: 'You know you can't hide forever. For your sake and for Beth's sake, please go to the police or please just drop Beth off somewhere safe.' She also said 'nobody understands the pain and shock I am in now.'  'For your sake and for Beth's sake, please go to the police or please just drop Beth off somewhere safe,' said Cummins' wife Jill in a separate interview Meanwhile, Thomas' sister shared shocking new claims about the girl's relationship with her teacher in an emotional interview withGood Morning America. Sarah Thomas fought back tears as she revealed that Tad Cummins, 50, had begun showing up unannounced at her sister's work shortly before the pair disappeared together. His last visit had come just two days before the girl's abduction, she said. 'She would go and tell people to tell him she wasn't there and she would go and hide until he left,' explained Sarah Thomas. 'She thought it was the only way. She felt uncomfortable.'  Elizabeth's family is still holding out hope that they will see the girl again, and are begging any person who might have information to reach out and contact authorities.  'It feels like she just vanished, and I know that's impossible, someone had to see her,' said the victim's sister Sarah. Thomas' sister (Sarah above) said that her teacher Tad Cummins, 50, had been showing up at her work unannounced. Pictured right, the teen's father Sarah Thomas said her sister would tell he co-workers to tell Cummins she wasn't around when he showed up at her work (Thomas family above) Her father meanwhile was optimistic about the teenager's eventual return home to be with her family.   'We just live for that day where we are gonna get a phone call that says we're alright and waiting for someone to get me,' said Anthony Thomas.  Investigators spent the weekend pouring over email drafts that the two would send one another while in school for any clues into where the pair may be, with Cummins now facing charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. 'They would write the message and let it save as a draft. The other person would log in, read the message and then delete it and then write another message that was saved as a draft,' said Maury County District Attorney Brent Cooper. 'If you read them you would immediately recognize you are reading messages between two people who have a romantic interest in each other.'   One of the emails uncovered by authorities was written by Cummins and began: 'I saw you standing next to your backpack this morning.'  The teacher then told the student how nice one of her body parts looked to him in the note.  Any help: The family has also released a recent video of Elizabeth (above with her brother)  hoping that someone might recognize her lisp Elizabeth's family also released a recent video of the teenager with her brother in hopes that someone might recognize the young girl's lisp. A student came forward earlier this year to tell school officials that they saw the student and her married teacher kissing in a classroom this past January. The school eventually made the decision to remove Elizabeth from the teacher's classroom, but allow Cummins to keep teaching at the school.   Cummins was last seen one day before the two disappeared buying hair dye at a Walmart. Elizabeth, who is one of ten children, made frequent posts on social media about romance and love in the weeks before she was abducted by Cummins. She also started calling herself 'wife' on Instagram and made several references to a 'mission' that was 'almost complete'. On March 13, she told family she was going to spend the day with a friend. One of her siblings has since revealed that the teenager told them to call police if she did not return home that night. Cummins visited a Walmart in Columbia, Tennessee, the day before he vanished with the girl. He was filmed on surveillance cameras buying dark brown women's hair dye  Elizabeth changed her Instagram biography before she vanished to describe herself as a 'wife'. She also added a ring emoji to the description  Authorities believe she may have gone willingly with Cummins, who they say has been grooming her for sex for some time.  Elizabeth was seen on surveillance footage the day she disappeared carrying a bndle of clothes. The grandfather is believed to be armed and possible dangerous, with two guns.  Elizabeth's mother spoke to DailyMail.com last week in an exclusive interview to share her fears. This image of Elizabeth was taken on March 13, the day she vanished. She appears to be holding a bundle of clothes She labeled her daughter's captor 'disturbed' and said she worried Elizabeth would either end up pregnant or dead. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, which is leading the hunt for the pair, has received hundreds of tips but none have come to fruition. One reported sighting of the pair was made in Corpus Christi, a coastal city in south east Texas, last week. They were reported to have been seen in the tiny town of North Beach which sits just 160 miles from the Mexican border. Nothing ever came of the tip-off and police have not clarified whether they believe it was credible or a case of mistaken identity.  Anyone with information of their whereabouts is urged to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Police are asking anyone who sees a silver Nissan Rogue with a license plate of TN 976-ZPT to call 911 immediately.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 50 shares Most watched News videos Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Shocking moment a driver is punched through his car window Monkman gets the better of Seagull in University Challenge semi-final Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED by evil spirits Brazen man catches huge COBRA out of hole with his bare hands Mother films invasive TSA pat-down of her disabled teenage son Furious cyclist smashes driver's windscreen with his own bike New ISIS video shows child soldiers hunting and killing prisoners Shocking carer steals money out of dementia patient's handbag Medics fired after mocking patient on a surgery table Miraculous moment baby who was 'buried alive' is rescued in India Driver's hilarious attempt to squeeze car through tight gap Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and... Thrown to his death then pelted with rocks by barbaric... Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son,... Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have... 'The lioness who inspired us all': Lawyers pay tribute to... Sturgeon throws down the gauntlet: Scottish Parliament... Three nursery nurses 'cruelly force-fed toddlers in their... Furious white van passenger repeatedly punches a driver... Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her... 'It is time for Britain to come together': May's rallying... Fortress Britain: Police install new anti-terror barriers... Incredible moment a newborn baby girl BURIED ALIVE in a... Caught on secret camera: Sickening moment a sneaky carer... ISIS 'cubs of the caliphate' hunt down prisoners before... £70,000 Ferrari left to rot on a street near Harrods for... White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because... 'The judge WAS right': Teenage rape victim who was... Britain’s oldest man who declines cards from the Queen to... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 83 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $1,495 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at the White House Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio Trendy and terrific  Chrissy Teigen looks glamorous in revealing dress as Hailey Baldwin goes casual to H&M red carpet event in LA The duo pulled out all the stops  'Signature pose... got to do it!': Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Certainly doesn't need to hire models Sports Illustrated unveils first star of its 2018 Swimsuit Issue, sharing stunning nude images of the 21-year-old Brazilian model posing in a colorful PAINTED swimsuit Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'My house is a coke den?' Dorit Kemsley disputes cocaine accusation made by Lisa Rinna on RHOBH At loggerheads  EXCLUSIVE The honeymoon crasher! Vanderpump Rules newlyweds Tom and Katie share luxury holiday album and reveal why Stassi tagged along Just popping out! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her wares in skimpy sports bra as she takes boy Mason to art class Interesting errand attire  Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' The Kardashian momager instigated the split They'll always have Buenos Aires! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd enjoy exploring Argentina together They will always have Buenos Aires Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour in tight nude leggings as she arrives back in LA after Fiji swimsuit shoot Looked glowing  Hot mesh! Alexandra Daddario flashes cleavage in clinging see-through top as she poses with Kelly Rohrbach while promoting Baywatch   Think you know LA? Think again! From Sunken City to a pizzeria that makes women go into labor, the sights you won't find in a guidebook SPONSORED Sofia Richie strikes a cool pose in tinted glasses as she steps out to dinner in New York...after getting seventh tattoo Specs appeal  'I can't call them Casa and Amigos': George Clooney jokes pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after his tequila brand Consummate pro  She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery in London Actress Rose Byrne, 37, is dumped as the face of luxury accessories brand Oroton in favour of 'younger influencers' who will be paid less   Edgy Zayn Malik ditches his raven man-bun in favour of a bright green chop in brooding new selfie The 24-year-old former One Direction star Maria Sharapova shows no remorse as doping ban ends and jokes she used her time off to go to Coachella where '120,000 people' were doing drugs   Platinum mom! Ashlee Simpson rocks very blonde topknot on family outing with kids Jagger and Bronx and hubby Evan Ross Practical ponytail  The Walking Dead's Steven Yeun shares another glimpse of his newborn son...named Jude Malcolm 'Thanks. We are well. Much much love!' Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her mermaid locks and pert posterior in figure hugging bodysuit and jeans Went for a classic look Yummy mummy! Charlize Theron showcases her natural beauty make-up free as she takes her two children for an ice-cream treat     Simone Biles and Sasha Farber share impromptu tango after DWTS practice... as Gleb Savchenko and wife Elena show off new baby bump   SIX MEALS and 3500 calories a day: Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer reveals how he gets RIPPED for Thor role by training for three months before filming   Olivia Palermo and Johannes Huebl attend Oliver Peoples x Berluti bash... after teaming up for Piaget campaign Teaming up  'The best acting mom I ever had': Leonardo DiCaprio posts heartfelt tribute to What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates He paid tribute  Radiohead singer Thom Yorke, 48, and new girlfriend Dajana Roncione, 32, hit Miami beach for charming day date   Angels on Earth! Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes look heavenly flaunting their taut tummies after a bite in Beverly Hills Victoria's Secret talents 'It's a little bit awkward': Gwen Stefani vows to keep singer away from Blake Shelton as battles end on The Voice He had his eye on one  Own direction: 1D's Harry Styles to perform solo as musical guest on SNL's first live coast-to-coast show Will join Jimmy Fallon on April 15 Orlando Bloom goes low-profile as he leaves LAX airport following glam getaway with A-list pal Leonardo DiCaprio  Incognito in black baseball cap  Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger 'based on character from The Rook comics series' new lawsuit claims Alleged similarities  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview magazine Susan Sarandon looks gorgeous in black as she gets playful on red carpet for NYC comedy benefit Wore wavy auburn locks down  Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and  day-to-day brands PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Supergirl's Melissa Benoist can't keep her hands off co-star Chris Wood as duo confirm romance in Mexico Finally got public Scorpion's Katharine McPhee looks happy on Malibu set alongside rumored boyfriend Elyes Gabel Joined on the beach by her co-stars Robert Patrick and Jadyn Wong American Psycho author Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and calls out Lena Dunham and Meryl Streep  Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s favorite reunites for charity True Colours! Cyndi Lauper, 63, make arrives in Sydney wearing a bright orange jumper and matching sunglasses ahead of her joint tour with Blondie   'I feel gross!' My Big Fat Fabulous Life star Whitney Thore can't believe her ears after discovering the man she's dating is her COUSIN The first awakens! Oscar Isaac and girlfriend Elvira Lind are expecting their first child together Parents-to-be stepped out together in New York Looking ace! Serena Williams shows off curvaceous figure in swimsuit as she documents island getaway on Snapchat Tennis superstar posted on Snapchat Jodie Sweetin's ex threatened to reveal 'embarrassing' cell phone pictures of Fuller House actress Her ex has been arrested multiple times Scarlet fever! Zoey Deutch gets leggy in red dresses and discusses famous parents in C Magazine Donned a variety of high-end ensembles Friendly exes! Brad Pitt 'secretly joined' Angelina Jolie during trip to Cambodia in February 'so he could spend time with the kids' Difficult separation   Former RHONY star Jules Wainstein's ex accuses her of squandering thousands in child support on lavish lifestyle after her electricity is cut off Taxi please! Michelle Williams hails a cab while bundled up in a military green coat while out in New York After enjoying an outing with a friend while clad in sleek scuffed booties She's a chameleon! Olivia Wilde wears black wig and loses the fake bump while shooting Life Itself... a week after filming as a 'pregnant' blonde Filming her new movie  Scheana Shay reveals he had 'a good cry' on night her marriage breakup was shown on Vanderpump Rules Imploding marriage brings on the sniffles 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA 'We got very lucky!': Mila Kunis raves about her children's sibling bond... as put on stylish display at CinemaCon  The mother-of-two embraced comfort in large trousers Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend American DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims Back in black! Anne Hathaway dazzles in ruffling back-baring Armani at the premiere of Colossal in NYC The 34-year-old beauty simply wowed  A chip off the old block! Brenton Thwaites confirmed as son of Orlando Bloom's character in upcoming Pirates Of The Caribbean film Fifth installment   Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD for night out in NYC after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway That's one dapper date! Alexa Chung's father Philip steps in as she leaves beau Alexander Skarsgard at home for a night at the National Portrait Gala Looking heavenly EXCLUSIVE: Paparazzi in LAX brawl with One Direction star Louis Tomlinson 'harassed' an ex girlfriend and has sued other entertainment big shots for MILLIONS Elton John teams with Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice to turn Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat into animated film   Johnny Depp accuses former business managers of 'smear campaign' after they claimed he 'squandered' his money on lavish lifestyle Fashionable flyer! Salma Hayek is runway ready in buttoned jumpsuit and boots as she jets into LAX Is never one to disappoint when it comes to style Homerun humor! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez share a laugh as they enjoy intimate double date with friends in Los Angeles From model to meth addict to model again: America's Next Top Model contestant Jael Strauss regains looks after finally ditching drugs 'I drink green juice every single morning:' Martha Stewart, 75, reveals her secret weapon in anti-aging process Shared with Dr. Oz  Dynamic duo! Drew Barrymore and America Ferrera lead the honorees at upcoming Gracie Awards Prestigious show will take place at Beverly Hotel 'It's about to get tough': Kevin Hart admits he's terrified his 12-year-old daughter Heaven is starting to talk about boys Is learning that it's hard to be a dad  Just like mom! Courteney Cox's girl Coco lands role in music video... two decades on from Friends star's big break in Bruce Springsteen clip History repeating itself Uptown (sales)girl: Christie Brinkley, 63, is stunningly gorgeous at HSN offices where she prepares to sell hair clip-ons and face masks Now an entrepreneur Sash the way to do it! Princess Mary dazzles in gold as she joins the Danish and Belgian royals for an elaborate state banquet after a hard day of sightseeing  Royal engagements Can't stop the (new home) feeling! Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel buy $27.5 million penthouse in Tribeca Sought-after address   Strike a pose, Vogue! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, makes his modelling debut for Adidas in new campaign in collaboration with Alexander Wang   Hoping for big Money? Floyd Mayweather puts his $4.8m Koenigsegg hypercar on the market... one of only two in the world Highly desirable   'I love him to bits and he's funny': Helen McCrory calls husband Damian Lewis her 'best friend' and says they'd love to act together again... 14 years after meeting onstage Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: What will Charles do with his property when he becomes King? Has a plan to radically downsize Royal accommodation Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she braves the New York cold to head into work Teen turned on the style So that explains it! Famously pouty Victoria Beckham steps out in a T-shirt with slogan 'Fashion Stole My Smile' Jetted into LAX 'Like almond butter': Lily Collins looks smooth as she flashes her toned abs in knotted top with cheeky message as she heads for a mani-pedi Looking very casual  Seacrest not out! NBC and Fox 'in bidding war for American Idol' with new judges but host Ryan likely back The iconic show is due a reboot   Big Bang Theory star Mayim Bialik lectures against describing women as 'girls' in a furious video, noting that calling a man a 'boy' would be seen as  'emasculating' 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot Romantic day out 'You brought me so much joy': Nina Dobrev pays emotional tribute to her beloved cat who died aged 18 years Shared with her 12 million followers 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Taking after her Oscar? Anne Hathaway gives look at beauty regimen as she dons shiny gold face mask (and lip syncs to Madonna) Revealed her secrets  'Your wish is my command': Ryan Reynolds superfan gets the star's name tattooed on his backside and shares the results on Twitter Bizarre tribue TLC is bringing back hit home makeover show Trading Spaces in 2018 'One of TLC's 'most successful and most iconic series.' One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least $62 million after selling shares in their joint-owned company 1D Media  Tony Curtis's ex wife and Austria's first Golden Globe winner Christine Kaufmann dies aged 72 Passed away in Munich after battle with leukemia EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his horrific childhood Parks & Recreation vets Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman are reuniting to host the reality competition show The Handmade Project Competition reality show SHEER-an generosity! Ed teams up with David Beckham, Roger Daltrey for the UKTeenage Cancer Trust after saving abused Liberian street boys Veep vet Chris Addison has been chosen to direct Dirty Rotten Scoundrels remake starring Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson Remake   Get to know fashion designer behind the A-list-adored line that has become a favorite with stars like Kim Kardashian, Beyoncé, and Kendall Jenner 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she once threatened to QUIT film after co-star was told to lose weight)  Paris Hilton can't keep her hands off new beau Chris Zylka days after she claims he's 'the one' as they arrive at LAX airport Heiress was all smiles  Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed after photo shows her wearing a short-sleeve tee while co-stars pose in skin-baring halters  'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym Mom-of-five looks good Harry Potter star Evanna Lynch is worlds away from dippy Luna as she enjoys reunion with Weasley twins James and Oliver Phelps  Cheeky girl! Instagram model Skye Wheatley flaunts her famous derrière in a skimpy G-string as she poses for another raunchy belfie  Instagram star   'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife Mayte speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett in a series of tweets Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom on board a boat during St Barts vacation as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday As celebrities like Isla Fisher and Vanessa Hudgens step out donning the same outfits, FEMAIL rounds up the week's best fashion face-offs  Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  She has transformed her look in recent months 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls the moment he asked if 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Always busy mom Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Movie got rave reviews at Sundance festival Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' Broken back door  She'll put a spell on you! Stephanie Pratt parades her honed legs in sizzling emerald mini dress at Forbidden Forest launch in London Former Hills star     DON'T MISS Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her ongoing philanthropic efforts Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka Chilled out in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Legs for days! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their new drama Billions  'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie Big show in works Effortlessly sophisticated! Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe pants...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa Sophie Taylor, the Australian model pictured with Prince William on his ski holiday, hopes the attention 'relaunches her modelling career' Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation The 27-year-old flaunted her incredible body Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event 'My girl met my girl!' Hoda Kotb shares photo of Today co-host Kathie Lee Gifford cuddling adopted newborn tot Haley Joy during the pair's first meeting 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert at last moment due to 'extreme food poisoning after eating bad sushi'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London with fiance Dave Gardner 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mom Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with her daughter, Arabella, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum  David Beckham as you've never seen him before! Unrecognizable hunk sports gruesome rotting teeth and huge scar on his face on set of new King Arthur flick 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  He was a little starstruck There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand Visiting Phuket Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece swimsuit during day at the beach with son Titan, 2 John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris He'll be on tour in Europe in the fall Secret admirers? Kendall Jenner and her pal Cara Delevingne hold red roses as they party the night away in LA with their model buddy Lily Donaldson Ellie Goulding cozies up to rumored beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's daughters Sunday and Faith are spitting image of their famous mom as they stroll through Sydney Airport  What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates, who played Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp's mother in hit movie, dies at age 69 Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Actress gave closeup  A new royal military man! Handsome Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan follows in William and Harry's footsteps by enrolling at Sandhurst  'We will miss you': Katy Perry changes Twitter handle and pays tribute to 18-year-old fan who died in car accident The 32-year-old singer wrote touching message Bar Refaeli reveals she's pregnant with second child as she shows off baby bump... eight months after welcoming daughter Liv with husband Adi Ezra Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Kate's Brexit tour continues! Duchess of Cambridge to visit Luxembourg with Prince William in May as royals stage European charm offensive Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz get married as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Joy and heartbreak  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumor One Direction star Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout, 25, after a family dinner date at Mastro's Steakhouse in Beverly Hills Crown Princess Mary gives Queen Mathilde a sightseeing tour as they take boat trip with their husbands on day one of the Belgian royals' state visit to Denmark Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of $28m hotel Happened in 2013 What a year it's been! Ivanka Trump shares adorable photos of her sharing spaghetti with baby Theodore as he turns one  Another milestone  Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner look smitten in poppy field... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved French bulldog Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Joined by rapper Yoni Laham and other friends Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Wild child is known for her active love life 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but allegedly 'calmed down' when talk turned to money Off-duty beauty: Make-up free model Kate Moss, 43, keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a photo shoot in London 'Go with Guy Fieri here': Blake Shelton continues to mock show rival Adam Levine's blonde hair on The Voice Cooking up some competition She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging Bardot ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars Comedian Chris Kattan was eliminated Heath Ledger's 'blood-stained' shirt from Brokeback Mountain and James Bond's tuxedo go on sale in auction of Hollywood memorabilia  So it's on? Bachelorette alum Luke Pell cozies up to Danielle Lombard at event...after revealing they've been 'hanging out' 'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter feud Dissent in the ranks 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react excitedly on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal One very revealing role Nicole Kidman says  Keith Urban was shocked at her 'massive bruises' caused by physical Big Little Lies love scenes with Alexander Skarsgard  She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Recently filed for divorce 'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans admits that she shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Soap star spoke out Brooding boy! Hollywood hunk Brenton Thwaites rocks long locks in pensive photo-shoot, revealing his idol is fellow Australian Hugh Jackman Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Never fails to impress Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck sweater while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith Michael Jackson's business partners lose their bid to grab a share of his assets after judge rejects claim the star promised them a stake in his company  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Still legally married  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Standing out   Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Sprawling property extends over a majestic 10 acres She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball jersey emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars Showstopper  Burt Bacharach is being sued by a dog sitter who claims his Portuguese Water Dog bit off two of his fingers, requiring a skin graft from his groin  New dad Liam Payne, 23, cracks a joke about being on diaper duty after welcoming son... as girlfriend Cheryl, 33, 'hatches plan to conquer the mommy market' 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Legendary feud 'I dream of genie': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt as he leaves the gym in West Hollywood Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Certainly knows how to rock a jacket Christian Siriano designed custom two piece 'fairy tale' bridal look for OITNB star Samira Wiley...after she 'spent years in an orange jumpsuit'  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent Looked glamorous Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist What's she holding on to?  Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armor inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work The 20-year-old took video of his huge inking Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Who's judging? Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami... as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation Died on Christmas Day Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler New role for hunky actor Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Maria Sharapova wears ice pack on her ankle as she returns from tennis practice ahead of comeback from drugs ban Ready for return Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian Back to the future  Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Quality time  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood The two showed off their toned stomachs A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow... as a different character than the one she started out playing Will return for two episodes Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown with plunging neckline to receive honors at New York gala   Step aside, mom and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Arriving in style  Hell for leather! Rosario Dawson and Krysten Ritter dress in biker jackets as they film scenes for Marvel's The Defenders Matching outfits Blushing bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson stuns in dramatic blush-colored gown for a friend's wedding Actress' low cut gown stole the show Make it so! Calls for Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne Conway as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking like Trump's counselor  'I always dream of having another child, but I'm too old now': Nicole Kidman, 49, admits her desire to have another baby... but husband Keith Urban has told her 'no' Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is spotted jogging in California after she revealed she has to run three miles a day to deal with stress of divorce Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Hits such as Baby I've Got You 'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll All grown up! Eminem's 21-year-old daughter Hailie Scott stuns in new Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student in Michigan DWTS feud? Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Girardi calls out head judge Len Goodman after he rates her dance routine 'raunchy' Today's headlines Most Read Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $2,390 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at... Three storm chasers - including two Weather Channel contractors - are killed after their two cars collide at... Jacksonville high school upsets its students with patronizing prom flyer showing an appropriate dress with... New York Mayor De Blasio launches NYPD order to keep ICE agents off of school grounds as he aims to protect... EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting... Wanted: $500 million! Stephen King's Dark Tower gunslinger 'based on character from The Rook comics series'... House votes to wipe away the FCC's internet privacy protections which could lead to Internet providers being... Look who's back! Hillary attacks EVERYTHING Trump has done and takes Sean Spicer to task for demeaning... Who needs complicated Trumpcare? Republican congressman files bill to repeal Obamacare with a single... The War on Coal is over! President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental... 'I am being viciously attacked with lies and smears': Comedians turn Donald Trump's speeches into a whiny,... 'I'm a strong black woman, I cannot be intimidated': Congresswoman Maxine Waters slams Bill O'Reilly for... Spicer tells reporter 'with an agenda' to stop shaking her head after she asks about how the administration... Bret Easton Ellis slams Hollywood liberals for complaining that Trump won and claims his boyfriend has... Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top... From fresh-faced youngster to hardened criminal covered in face tattoos: Increasingly sinister mugshots... Boy, 15, who pleaded guilty to shooting dead his sister, 12, and planning to set fire to his family's... Honor student, 18, who planned to bomb and shoot up her Maryland high school wrote of desire to be the first... Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and... Maryland cop shoots dead man who complained about a stolen bicycle before lunging with a knife at the... Florida man, 24, 'fatally stabs his roommate, 21, after she hugged him goodbye and told him she leaving to... 10 members of the Bonnano crime family - including 'Bald Chris', 'Pudgie' and 'The Jew' are indicted on... Teacher who kidnapped 15-year-old Tennessee student composed and performed a creepy love song to ANOTHER... 'If you don't want me to defend him, I will sit down and shut up': Aaron Hernandez's defense attorney erupts... EXCLUSIVE: Incredible tale of revenge and deception behind mother who left two suicide notes and jumped to... Georgia police search desperately for 28-year-old woman who disappeared with her three young children five... South Carolina police shot an unarmed black man 17 TIMES in the back and killed him as he ran away from... Drug cheat Maria Sharapova shows no remorse as doping ban comes to an end and even jokes that she used her... Woman, 19, was beaten and strangled to death during vicious attack by 'career criminal burglar' after she... MORE HEADLINES Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and discover their missing friend inside who had been swallowed whole after being crushed to death  Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and regular day-to-day brands... shame the neighbors don't appreciate it Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son, 23, with an AR-15 after they burst in to Oklahoma house wearing masks and carrying a knife  EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of best-selling book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of child abuse at the hands of 'cannibal tribesmen' ISIS 'cubs of the caliphate' hunt down prisoners before executing them at gunpoint in shocking new propaganda video White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because the style results from the 'oppression and exclusion' of people of color as the jewelry is increasingly seen as a form of 'cultural appropriation' Striking out! Auburn softball player gets into a shoving match with coach who dismissed her two older sisters from the team Thrown to his death then pelted with rocks by barbaric mob... all because he was gay: Terrifying final moments of young man sentenced to death by ISIS because of his sexuality Diamonds aren't a girl's best friend: Jewelry restorer goes undercover to 'prove' that Tiffany, Cartier and Harry Winston overcharge by 330% for 'identical' stones sold in Costco Hostess with the mostess! Melania dons $2,390 LBD as she and Trump entertain Senators and their spouses at the White House and President promises a deal on healthcare 'soon' From model to meth addict to model again: America's next top model contestant regains looks after finally ditching drugs Spicer tells reporter 'with an agenda' to stop shaking her head after she asks about how the administration can fix its Russia problem EXCLUSIVE: 'Are they going to be alright?' Stunned homeowner's son, 23, was left in shock after shooting dead three masked teenage intruders with an assault rifle and repeatedly asked police if they would survive EXCLUSIVE: Incredible tale of revenge and deception behind mother who left two suicide notes and jumped to her death 24 hours before she was set to appear in court for 'putting a hit on her ex-husband' Mother is so convinced that her eight-year-old son is the reincarnation of Lou Gehrig that she's written a book about it (and of course the film rights have been picked up already) Puerto Rico man jailed after he BIT the head off of his girlfriend's Chihuahua then punched her in the face The War on Coal is over! President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental regulations  SSSSSurprise! Giant cobra leaps out of a hole in front of a brave builder in terrifying footage  'With this ship, we’re capable of owning the night': Coast Guard brings in 16-ton haul of seized cocaine worth $420million after a massive drug operation in the eastern Pacific Five medics are fired after footage of them dancing around naked, unconscious patient awaiting surgery goes viral  Race faker Rachel Dolezal sparks fury as she claims to be 'transracial' during BBC interview  Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her maid POSSESSED and acting like the creature from horror film The Ring  Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she braves the New York cold to head into work Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with daughter, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum after being called out for Aspen ski holiday amid healthcare bill fiasco  EXCLUSIVE: No lipstick, no perfume - The wife of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen is placed in solitary and fed through a slot in the door as she awaits extradition to Florida, charged with aiding a terrorist  'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes I'm very thirssssty! Angry king cobra is given water from a bottle after drought forced it to enter Indian village in search of a drink  'We will fight': Mayors of sanctuary cities across the country fire back at Attorney General Sessions after he threatens to cut off their Justice Department grants worth billions Incredible moment a newborn baby girl BURIED ALIVE in a field in India is is rescued after a girl spots her feet sticking up through the dirt  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Melania Trump’s being asked to leave the Big Apple ‘Let someone else run the country’: Trump supporters revolt against president’s excessive tweeting ‘Go straight to hell’: Angela Rye smacks Bill O’Reilly for racial attack on Maxine Waters’ hair WATCH: Police union officials laugh uneasily when Trump asks them to find out which cops didn’t vote for him Robert Reich dismantles Trump’s latest healthcare pledge: ‘I don’t think he has any credibility left’ NYPD officers allegedly put black teen in chokehold while he was having a seizure: witnesses Auschwitz survivor issues powerful rebuke of ICE director: ‘Don’t forget, history is not on your side’ ‘He is a threat’: Dan Rather warns Americans of Trump’s ‘power to decimate and destroy’ Maxine Waters annihilates O’Reilly and GOP critics: ‘I’m a strong black woman and I cannot be intimidated’ Noam Chomsky: Trump could stage a ‘false flag’ terror attack and ‘change the country instantly’ How Facebook – the Wal-Mart of the internet – dismantled online subcultures The Conversation 28 Mar 2017 at 08:55 ET                    In the mid-1990s, body modification enthusiasts – a long-ostracized subculture – created an online community that incorporated blogs, dating and wikis. philippe leroyer/flickr, CC BY-NC-ND Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory Before the internet, people interested in body modification – not just tattoo and piercing enthusiasts, but those drawn to more unusual practices like ear pointing, tongue splitting, suspension, scarification and the voluntary amputation of limbs and organs – had a difficult time meeting others who shared their interests. The internet, of course, changed everything: You can chat and connect with anyone from your computer. And in 1994 – more than a decade before Facebook launched – body modification enthusiasts started their own social media platform: the Body Modification E-zine, or BME. First operating as a bulletin board service (an early form of online message boards), BME eventually added features and functions that were forerunners before now-familiar online tools: blogging, wikis, online dating and podcasts. But as sites like Facebook and Myspace emerged, BME found itself competing for attention with these new “global communities.” The story of the website shows how online communities can form and fall apart – and how Facebook’s monolithic presence makes enduring internet communities for people on the margins of society that much more precarious. A commitment to authenticity BME, along with the longstanding punk scene in New Brunswick, New Jersey and Brooklyn’s booming drag culture, are the three communities I studied in my forthcoming book “Digital Countercultures and the Struggle for Community.” All three constitute what I call “countercultural communities” – groups that define themselves as being, in some way, opposed to the mainstream. As someone who studies digital culture, I’ve been able to see how outsiders can help us understand the biases that are built into everyday tools and devices, which are (usually) designed by straight, white men. So what can we learn from a site like BME? First, it’s important to note some key factors shaping how BME managed membership and participation. In contrast to sites that require people to use their “authentic” names to create a profile, BME allowed users to pick a pseudonym. The only requirement was an authentic interest in body modification. As a condition of membership, users had to submit photos or firsthand accounts of their modifications. These images and accounts were then vetted by BME members. While tattoos and piercings might seem fairly common today, this was less true when BME was getting its start in the mid-1990s. And it’s still common for people who have undergone some of the more extreme body modification procedures, like tongue splitting and subdermal implants, to be ostracized. BME’s rules for participation were meant to protect those who felt stigmatized. It also required members to take their role in the community seriously. Accounts could be suspended if users didn’t post regularly, meaning that people couldn’t simply sign up and lurk. But a number of challenges arose. Body modification became increasingly common, threatening BME’s outsider status. Then mainstream social network sites started to take off, and immediately started competed for users with smaller, niche sites like BME. Trying to keep pace After Myspace and Facebook launched, BME struggled to retain members who were attracted to the larger audiences and more sophisticated features of the newer, better-funded sites. In 2011, BME planned an overhaul: For the first time, they’d be utilizing designers from outside the modified community. After a series of delays and budget issues, the new version of the site launched. But there were bugs, and some users didn’t like the new aesthetic, which seemed to mirror contemporary mainstream websites. Meanwhile, content that was mundane on BME, like tongue-splitting and ear-pointing, could be extremely provocative on mainstream sites. BME users that gravitated to these new social media networks could rack up thousands, rather than dozens, of views. And as opposed to the outdated, sometimes buggy software on BME, platforms like Facebook offered slicker design and more sophisticated features, like photo tagging and geo-tagging. Over time, these challenges to the BME community became increasingly problematic. Members deleted accounts or stopped posting. By 2015, the main community forum – which used to have hundreds of posts a day – went without a single comment for over six months. Having predicted many of the web’s functions and features, BME failed to anticipate its own demise. The Wal-Mart of the internet? How does the story of BME help us understand our relationship to technology? When I asked BME’s owner Rachel Larratt about mainstream social media sites, she described them as generic and bland. As a small business owner, Larratt recognizes that Facebook can help businesses like hers thrive. She just disagrees with Facebook’s contention that it’s one big “global community.” “It’s all marketing,” she told me. “They are trying to foster that idea [of being a community]. It’s just staged, really, like a big box store trying to pretend like they are a local small business owner.” In building a massive user base, the major social media sites resort to the lowest common denominator for terms like “community” and “user guidelines.” Facebook’s user guidelines apply to all of its users, even though its user base covers an incredibly diverse group of people, perspectives and values. These policies can be tweaked and updated with minimal notice to users, which is also true of its design. Users have limited ability to communicate with Facebook’s administrators when there’s a problem, as we’ve seen when drag queens demanded changes to the “real name” policy, when nursing mothers rejected censorship of breastfeeding photos and when LGBT activists insisted that photos of same-gender couples kissing shouldn’t be blocked for being “obscene.” In all of these cases, Facebook attempted to enforce a blanket set of policies on groups that have a very different set of ethics and values. I’ve found that the people who lose from this approach are those on the margins, whose identities and experiences are least likely to be anticipated by designers without significant experiences of marginalization. A generic, rootless place Online life can be thought of as a place, albeit one that’s more conceptual than physical. Yet in Facebook – with its massive user base – Larratt sees a kind of placelessness, much as the generic predictability of Wal-Mart contrasts with the authentic idiosyncrasies of a locally owned grocery store. The blandness of Facebook’s interface and the lack of options to customize or personalize its design contribute to this feeling. Today, many think the internet is best accessed through a mobile device, which is sometimes labeled as a “mobile first” approach to design. Mobile first assumes that people will access the internet from a smartphone rather than a laptop, a design ethic that emphasizes apps and instant, seamless access, in contrast to a model of stationary and sustained attention. In other words, it’s designing for someone who wants to check the news on a lunch break or scan through reddit threads on the commute home from work. For those who value feeling as if going online is a physical meeting point, easy and fleeting connectivity can be perceived as a bad thing, trading convenience for commitment. BME’s community was built up through sustained and regular participation. It’s the difference between grabbing a Dunkin Donuts coffee on the way to work and being a regular at a neighborhood bar. Becoming part of a community involves hanging out, messing around and committing to local rules for participation. To be clear, I’m not making an anti-progress push against mobile devices. And I also don’t want to suggest that countercultural communities are best served by outdated technologies. But it’s worth considering whether mobility is always a good thing – and what assumptions go into the push for uninterrupted access. Technology, and more specifically digital technology, often takes the blame for fears of social isolation. Hype about video game and internet addiction, along with stereotypes linking an interest in technology to poor social skills, makes the internet an easy scapegoat. Yet researchers have found that internet access and social media use are linked to more diverse social networks. My research shows that the internet can be a powerful tool of connection and community support, especially for people who have nonmainstream interests or identities. BME was meant to provide common grounds for people with uncommon interests, and for many years it did just that, becoming an online meeting spot as well as the authoritative source for body modification information. But BME’s model lost out to mainstream platforms that prioritized bigger online audiences and more sophisticated design over niche interests and user-driven guidelines for membership and participation. So as we continue to design platforms for an ever-growing population of users, it’s important to consider who’s going to be on the other end of the keyboard. Otherwise only a certain kind of community will flourish, while others will struggle to survive. Jessa Lingel, Assistant Professor of Communication, University of Pennsylvania This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the Author Next on Raw Story > Auschwitz survivor issues powerful rebuke of ICE director: ‘Don’t forget, history is not on your side’ By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories Auschwitz survivor issues powerful rebuke of ICE director: ‘Don’t forget, history is not on your side’ Jeb! reemerges to scold Trump’s Twitter habits: He’s diminishing the office of the president Seth Meyers reveals hilarious similarity between ‘The Dude’ and Trump: They both love white Russians ‘Let someone else run the country’: Trump supporters revolt against president’s excessive tweeting Colbert torches GOP’s ‘clean coal’ push: ‘It sounds like an oxymoron but so does President Trump’ News from idealmedia.com Trump News Auschwitz survivor issues powerful rebuke of ICE director: ‘Don’t forget, history is not on your side’ Jeb! reemerges to scold Trump’s Twitter habits: He’s diminishing the office of the president ‘Let someone else run the country’: Trump supporters revolt against president’s excessive tweeting Colbert torches GOP’s ‘clean coal’ push: ‘It sounds like an oxymoron but so does President Trump’ Maxine Waters annihilates O’Reilly and GOP critics: ‘I’m a strong black woman and I cannot be intimidated’ Trump swears a deal is coming ‘very quickly’ for new Trumpcare bill New Videos Auschwitz survivor issues powerful rebuke of ICE director: ‘Don’t forget, history is not on your side’ Seth Meyers reveals hilarious similarity between ‘The Dude’ and Trump: They both love white Russians ‘Let someone else run the country’: Trump supporters revolt against president’s excessive tweeting Colbert torches GOP’s ‘clean coal’ push: ‘It sounds like an oxymoron but so does President Trump’ Robert Reich dismantles Trump’s latest healthcare pledge: ‘I don’t think he has any credibility left’ SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: DT Research, Inc. March 28, 2017 08:00 ET DT Research & Hilton Digital Offer Digital Menu Board Solution to Help Restaurants Comply with Looming FDA Menu Labeling Act Unique DMB System Publishes Nutritional Updates Instantly at Multiple Locations with Flexibility to Display Local Promotions LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - March 28, 2017) - Digital Signage Expo 2017-- DT Research, the leading designer and manufacturer of purpose-built computing solutions for vertical markets, and Hilton Digital, a Hilton Displays company, today announced a Digital Menu Board (DMB) solution that eases compliance with the upcoming U.S. Food and Drug Administration's Menu Labeling Act by enabling centralized publishing of menu content and nutritional information that can be scheduled and displayed instantly at multiple locations. The Digital Menu Board solution will be showcased in the DT Research Booth 348 at the Digital Signage Expo 2017 in Las Vegas from March 28-31. Booth attendees can stop by to see how leading restaurants are using the DT Research -- Hilton Digital solution to centrally update menu items, track sales promotions and enhance their customers' experience. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) Menu Labeling Requirement Act set to go into effect on May 5, 2017 requires any food service operation with 20 or more locations to have calorie counts and other nutritional information included in their menus. As restaurants and other food service establishments prepare to comply with the new requirement, the DT Research -- Hilton Digital DMB solution streamlines menu item changes through content management software that is integrated with the store system. "We strive to design rugged and secure multi-output media players that continue to meet the evolving needs of quick service and fast casual restaurants," said Daw Tsai Sc.D., president of DT Research. "Our solution simplifies the processes necessary to comply with the upcoming FDA Menu Labeling requirement, while simultaneously giving businesses the ability to engage with their customers through timed specials and local promotions displayed on dynamic high-definition screens." The DT Research -- Hilton Digital DMB solution enables restaurants, concession venues and other QSR and fast casual establishments to easily publish updated menu board items, nutritional information, images and videos consistently across all locations, while having the flexibility to display localized or seasonal promotions on a panel or zone of the multi-screen display. "Beyond helping restaurants adhere to the new FDA requirement, our turnkey Digital Menu Boards offer a powerful way to enhance customer experience and track sales uplift through integration with store systems," said Andy Fischer, General Manager at Hilton Digital. "We've seen many restaurants quickly realize a ROI, while providing their guests a vastly improved customer experience, and dramatically reducing print costs." The turn-key Digital Menu Board solution is comprised of rugged and compact media players provided by DT Research, commercial displays, mounts, cabling and nationwide installation. In addition, an enterprise license to the WebDT Content Manager (WCM) 6 Pro software is included, enabling intuitive menu board design, publishing and extensive device management capabilities. MA Series Multi Screen Appliances DT Research MA Multi Screen Appliances enable rapid deployment of multiple screen digital menu boards. The compact, rugged design of the embedded system players have 2-7 HDMI outputs for up to seven 1080p displays and are ideal for installations in environments that require highly durable electronics such as restaurants, retail, concessions, sports and entertainment venues. WebDT Content Management Software The WebDT Content Management software is browser-based with an intuitive graphical user interface that powers remote content and hardware management. Users can power remote shutdowns, reboots and wakeups for each signage appliance. Menu Board Editor The Digital Menu Board HTML5 Editor functionality provides a simple way to connect with a database to display item information easily layered along with multimedia files. The editor supports MySQL, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL and remote CSV files. The menu board also can be customized with a 3rd party Web API to leverage an existing POS (Point-of-Sale) system. Menu Board Advertising Digital Menu Board owners can run complementary advertising and promotional content provided by 3rd party vendors. Proof-of-play reports can be generated from within WebDT Content Manager and exported via CSV format for advertising accounting purposes. Restaurants can schedule promotions and advertisements that are tracked to sales at time that the advertisement played to measure impact. Free Hosting Services Hilton Digital offers its customers free digital signage hosting as a way to offset the initial cost of transitioning to a digital system and simplify the ongoing maintenance for small and medium size businesses. Availability The DT Research -- Hilton Digital menu board solution is immediately available. For more information, visit http://www.signage.dtri.com/products/Multi_Screen_Appliance.html or http://hdsignage.com. About Hilton Digital Hilton Digital, Inc., a Hilton Displays company, is a digital signage systems integrator and custom fabricator focused on retail, hospitality, and public display verticals. Hilton Digital works with leading brands to help them deliver consistent and impactful messaging to their audience through digital signage, interactive displays, video walls and digital menu boards. Since 1981, Hilton Displays has delivered custom branding and signage solutions to leading brands like Starbucks, Wal-Mart, Wells Fargo, Dunkin' Donuts, Applebee's and many others. Hilton Digital and Hilton Displays are based in Greenville, SC, with offices located throughout the U.S. About DT Research DT Research™, is an early Mobile Tablet pioneer and leading designer and manufacturer of purpose-built computing systems for vertical markets. The company delivers the world's most comprehensive line of Rugged and Industrial-grade Tablets, Mobile POS Tablets, Digital Signage Systems and Medical Computing Solutions. DT Research products are uniquely designed with customizable built-in options and are assembled in California, providing customers with rapid time-to-market solutions. The DT Research family of products are based on embedded computing platforms that power secure, reliable and cost-effective computing. DT Research systems offer computing mobility within industrial and harsh environments through durable solutions with wireless connectivity, high-quality touch displays, and Windows® operating systems. More than 200 organizations across the globe rely on DT Research solutions in industries such as government, healthcare, hospitality, logistics, military, retail and warehousing. DT Research is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California with offices in China and Taiwan. For more information, visit www.dtresearch.com or follow @dtresearch, #MobileTablets and #RuggedTablets. DT Research and WebDT are trademarks of DT Research, Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/28/11G134248/Images/DTR-HD_Menu_Board_System-033d9ddc69f89839859518c64e483ce1.jpg Contact Information MEDIA CONTACTS: DT Research Barbara Reichert Reichert Communications, LLC barbara@reichertcom.com o) 650-548-1002 m) 415-225-2991 Gabrielle Marshall DT Research gmarshall@dtri.com o) 408-934-6192 Hilton Digital Andy Fischer, DSCE General Manager, Hilton Digital, Inc. Direct: 669-272-6781 andyfischer@hiltondisplays.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company DT Research, Inc. From this industry Computers and Software Food and Beverage Professional Services Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Hardware Internet Software Retailers Advertising, PR and Marketing Airlines Casinos/Gambling Cruises Hotels Restaurants See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Digital Menu Board system publishes updates instantly at multiple locations. View Image Highlighted Links DT Research   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Dr. John Sutherlin Listen Listen Live Get the KPEL App Events Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests KPEL Contest Rules VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Reeds Metals Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: KPEL App Bracket Challenge Wingin’ It Wednesday Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Chicken Nuggets Recalled Because Of Metal Fragments By Bruce Mikells March 28, 2017 6:31 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter FSIS.gov If you buy frozen chicken nuggets then I implore you to please go to your freezer and see if you have these nuggets in your home. What is also a concern is that many of the packages of nuggets included in the recall could have been sold to school systems for school lunches.   The USDA’s Food Safety and Inspection Service announced this important recall yesterday. OK Food, Inc., an Oklahoma City, Okla. establishment, is recalling approximately 933,272 pounds of breaded chicken products that may be contaminated with extraneous materials, specifically metal, the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) announced today. The ready-to-eat breaded chicken items were produced on various dates from Dec. 19, 2016, through March 7, 2017. The FSIS has a complete list of affected products available to consumers through their website. In the consumer market, the majority of the products have been sold at Walmart stores under the brand name Great Value. These potentially tainted products would have been in the freezer case from mid-December of 2016 until March 7th of 2017. Consumers are asked to inspect their packages for this identifying mark. The recalled products feature the number “P-7092″ inside the USDA mark of inspection. If you find you have purchased chicken nuggets affected by the recall or if you have questions about nuggets you might have in your freezer you may call 479.312.2409. Assistance is also available online through the FSIS automated online assistant.   Filed Under: Recall Category: Health | National News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 Louisiana Red At Rhythms On The River Man Dies In Crash East Of Cade Movies In The Parc 2017 Schedule Announced Lafayette Parish Sheriff’s Office Daily Arrest Report Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Steve Peloquin Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Carol Ross Shannon Wilkerson Brandon Comeaux Dr. John Sutherlin Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES Cajuns Power Past Cowboys I-10 Traffic At A Crawl Near Butte La Rose Near Big Rig Crash Measure Filed That Would Increase Cigarette Tax By 22 Cents Rayne Shooting Lands 1 In Hospital As Officers Look For Suspect Happy 3-28 Day! Celebrate The Atlanta Falcons Epic Super Bowl Meltdown By ‘Failing It Forward’ EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article How To Make Investing Decisions Based On Politics: Don't. Filter out the noise and focus on the long term Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 20 Hidden Sources of Income Lying Around Your House Need extra cash? You probably already have some My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Amazon Convenience Stores Deferred by Technical Glitches March 28, 2017, 06:59:00 AM EDT By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo The much-talked-about 'no cashier convenience store' called Amazon Go to be launched by e-commerce giant Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN through its 'Project Como' has got delayed. The store was first announced by the online giant last December and was expected to be opened to the public by the end of this month. Reason for the Delay Technical difficulties have been taking a toll on the opening of these comfort-buying stores. The technology used here is based on machine learning, computer vision and artificial intelligence. Clearly, it is still at a primary stage and Amazon may have to face uncertainties related to its execution which could cause further delay in the opening of the store. The technology cannot keep track of more than 20 people at a time in the store. Hence, it is unable to track an item that has been moved from the shelf.  Amazon has been testing the store at its campus in Seattle, with employees serving as beta testers. Reportedly, the store has been functioning well if there are just a few customers and are moving at a slow pace. As it is not feasible to ask customers to keep a check on their pace, the opening of these stores had to be postponed. Amazon.com, Inc. Price and Consensus Amazon.com, Inc. Price and Consensus | Amazon.com, Inc. Quote What is Amazon Go ? Termed as Amazon Go, this no-queue-checkout-counter grocery store is going to be a boon for customers who are too worn-out to stand in long lines at physical cash counters or are baffled at complicated self-checking counters. This convenience store will offer all kinds of perishable items and grocery essentials as well as drive-up destinations where subscribers can pick up their orders and have them brought to their cars. All that's needed is the installation of the Amazon Go app on one's cell phone. This 'Just Walk Out' technology uses machine learning and cameras to automatically detect products picked up. And when shopping is done, one can simply leave the store. After a while, money will be charged online from the Amazon account of the customer. Will the Delay Bring Respite for Brick-and-Mortar Stores? Not really. This concept has already started to draw attention. Very subtly the concept addresses modern consumers' changing pattern of behavior. We are talking about that growing set of customers who are in the vicious cycle of taking up professional challenges to earn more and ending up exhausted with no time for comfort or family. These new stores will eliminate checkout queues, one of the frustrating parts of shopping in store, saving shoppers a lot of time and effort. The introduction of Amazon Go will hit hard the company's direct brick-and-mortar retail peer Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT . A number of other convenient store stocks like Casey's General Stores, Inc. CASY or Murphy USA Inc. MUSA could also be at stake. Amazon Go will also create pricing pressure on sensitive grocery store chains like The Kroger Co., SUPERVALU Inc. or Ingles Markets, Inc. Bottom Line Amazon has already gone brick-and-mortar with books and it seems that it is treading the same path with other merchandise as well. The company is targeting the considerably large customer base that still prefers to shop at physical stores. We note that every industry matures and falls. Amazon seems to be gearing up well in advance should online retail ever bottom out. Shares of Amazon have been steadily treading higher on a year-to-date basis. The stock has generated returns of 38.84% compared with the Zacks Electronic Commerce industry's gain of 21.69%. Amazon currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!    It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market. Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020. Click here for the 6 trades >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report Murphy USA Inc. (MUSA): Free Stock Analysis Report Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY): Free Stock Analysis Report Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Business , Stocks Referenced Symbols: AMZN , MUSA , CASY , WMT More from Zacks.com Subscribe 5 Things FedEx Corporation Management Wants You to Know Twilio Snuggles a Little Closer to Amazon Amazon.com, Inc. Puts Its Cashier-Less Grocery Concept on Hold Related Stocks Articles Subscribe Consumers Still Feeling Pretty Good 3/29/2017 01:58 AM $5,300 In Dividends From A $10,000 Investment 3/29/2017 01:00 AM Is the Microsoft Xbox Game Pass Worth $10 per Month? 3/28/2017 07:29 PM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Nigeria sets new naira rate in attempt to lure consumers away from American Airlines In Talks To Acquire Stake In China Southern Airlines GameStop Corp. (GME) Is Sinking After Q4 Sales Disappoint Wall Street Enthusiastic Ahead Of Yellen's Keynote Speech Mad Catz® Announces Suspension of Trading and Commencement of NYSE RPT-YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt Double Crown Resource Enters Collaboration with Amity University of... WENDEL : BASF LEATHER CHEMICALS BUSINESS TO BECOME PART OF THE STAHL... Post Earnings Coverage as Finisar's Quarterly Revenue Grew 23%,... Utah State Evaluation Report Validates Literacy Gains For Students... View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced AMZN 84% Rate It MUSA 100% Rate It CASY 100% Rate It WMT 71% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Americans Are Obsessed With Eating Healthy—and With Twinkies by Craig Giammona @SitkaWriter More stories by Craig Giammona March 28, 2017, 7:00 AM EDT March 28, 2017, 11:58 AM EDT Consumers find eating well and eating sweet snacks compatible Twinkie-love has helped expand Hostess’s profit margin Confused About What to Eat? You're Not Alone Healthy eating has become an obsession. Soft-drink sales are slumping, salt is getting tossed from food, and kale is on the menu at McDonald’s. And yet the Twinkie, that icon of indulgence, is on a tear. For many otherwise healthy-eating American millennials, Twinkies have become food nostalgia. Nine months of forced disappearance from store shelves sharpened appetites for the golden sponge cake filled with fluffy cream, and after two bankruptcies, the 2013 acquisition of the Hostess Brands Inc. snack-cake business by a pair of private equity firms put the company back on the road to solvency. ‘‘For as much as millennials bring us challenges, they also have a belief that you only live once and you should enjoy yourself,” Bill Toler, chief executive officer of the Kansas City, Missouri-based Hostess, said in an interview. “They believe in a license to indulge.” In opinion surveys, Americans rank stealthy eating right up there with healthy. While 75 percent told NPR last year they were eating wholesome food, another report, from the Boston Consulting Group and IRI, found that indulgence was a top food trend, alongside nutrition. Hostess was ranked second among growth leaders for midsize companies, behind Greek yogurt company Chobani. Sweet and Salty “Unhealthy products remain popular,” said Krishnakumar Davey, president of strategic analytics at IRI. “The popularity of nutritious snacks is surging, but so are sales of ice cream or salty snacks.” A big beneficiary is Twinkies, Hostess’ golden child. One cake is 130 calories and 14.5 grams of sugar, compared with a Coke that has 140 calories and 39 grams of sugar. Apollo Global Management LLC and C. Dean Metropoulos & Co. bought Hostess for $410 million and hopped on the wave of Twinkie-love at just the right moment. Being without Twinkies and other Hostess products like Ho Hos and Ding Dongs in 2012 and 2013 unleashed a wave of sentimentality, driving fans a little bit mad. “My wife ran out and bought eight boxes of Twinkies,” said John Stanton, a professor of food marketing at Saint Joseph’s University in Philadelphia. “Hostess got a shot in the arm by not being there.” The cream-filled sponge cake is such a cultural icon that Yoan Moncada, a Cuban-born baseball prospect for the Chicago White Sox, gobbled as many as 85 of them in a week, according to ESPN The Magazine. Popularity Cost Twinkies’ new popularity came at a cost. The Hostess bankruptcy enabled the private equity buyers to start over with a fraction of a workforce that once numbered about 8,000 at several bakeries across the country. Their reconstituted company now has 1,350 employees and three baking facilities. Now, one automated production line staffed by 10 employees in Emporia, Kansas, can produce 95 percent of the iconic cakes. Apollo declined to comment. The changes have helped produce some of the best profit margins in the food industry, just shy of what the ruthless cost-cutters of 3G Capital Inc. have posted since taking over Kraft Heinz Foods Co. with the help of Warren Buffett in 2015. Apollo and Metropoulos took Hostess public in November, and shares have jumped 23 percent so far in 2017. Sales surged 13 percent last year. The company has carved out 12 percent of the market for packaged cakes, cutting into the sales of industry leader McKee Foods Corp., the maker of Little Debbie products, according to Euromonitor data. Tweaked Recipe The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Metropoulos, the firm that revitalized Pabst Blue Ribbon beer, tweaked the recipe for Twinkies, doubling the product’s shelf life to about 60 days, according to Toler. The change helped Hostess switch its distribution system to a lower-cost model, and allowed it to ship more products to smaller, more remote stores. About 70 percent of the company’s sales come at a combination of Wal-Mart locations, dollar-store chains and convenience stores -- not the typical domain of coastal millennials driving healthy-food trends. “Those customers aren’t as sensitive,” Toler said. Hostess isn’t completely ignoring wellness concerns. Its new whole-grain muffins qualify as “smart snacks” for the federal school food program, and it’s removing trans fats from its products. But a glance at the new products the company rolled out in 2016 makes it plain Hostess is betting on frozen Deep Fried Twinkies and Twinkies ice cream. Dean Metropoulos, founder of the investment firm, recently said Hostess was “absolutely committed to participating as other companies do with the trends of wellness.” That pledge came with a caveat. “But we don’t see that as depriving Americans from having a great ice cream and a great Twinkie,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade The Biggest Risk From the Dollar's Drop May Not Be What You Would Guess Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: DT Research, Inc. March 28, 2017 08:00 ET DT Research & Hilton Digital Offer Digital Menu Board Solution to Help Restaurants Comply with Looming FDA Menu Labeling Act Unique DMB System Publishes Nutritional Updates Instantly at Multiple Locations with Flexibility to Display Local Promotions LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - March 28, 2017) - Digital Signage Expo 2017-- DT Research, the leading designer and manufacturer of purpose-built computing solutions for vertical markets, and Hilton Digital, a Hilton Displays company, today announced a Digital Menu Board (DMB) solution that eases compliance with the upcoming U.S. Food and Drug Administration's Menu Labeling Act by enabling centralized publishing of menu content and nutritional information that can be scheduled and displayed instantly at multiple locations. The Digital Menu Board solution will be showcased in the DT Research Booth 348 at the Digital Signage Expo 2017 in Las Vegas from March 28-31. Booth attendees can stop by to see how leading restaurants are using the DT Research -- Hilton Digital solution to centrally update menu items, track sales promotions and enhance their customers' experience. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) Menu Labeling Requirement Act set to go into effect on May 5, 2017 requires any food service operation with 20 or more locations to have calorie counts and other nutritional information included in their menus. As restaurants and other food service establishments prepare to comply with the new requirement, the DT Research -- Hilton Digital DMB solution streamlines menu item changes through content management software that is integrated with the store system. "We strive to design rugged and secure multi-output media players that continue to meet the evolving needs of quick service and fast casual restaurants," said Daw Tsai Sc.D., president of DT Research. "Our solution simplifies the processes necessary to comply with the upcoming FDA Menu Labeling requirement, while simultaneously giving businesses the ability to engage with their customers through timed specials and local promotions displayed on dynamic high-definition screens." The DT Research -- Hilton Digital DMB solution enables restaurants, concession venues and other QSR and fast casual establishments to easily publish updated menu board items, nutritional information, images and videos consistently across all locations, while having the flexibility to display localized or seasonal promotions on a panel or zone of the multi-screen display. "Beyond helping restaurants adhere to the new FDA requirement, our turnkey Digital Menu Boards offer a powerful way to enhance customer experience and track sales uplift through integration with store systems," said Andy Fischer, General Manager at Hilton Digital. "We've seen many restaurants quickly realize a ROI, while providing their guests a vastly improved customer experience, and dramatically reducing print costs." The turn-key Digital Menu Board solution is comprised of rugged and compact media players provided by DT Research, commercial displays, mounts, cabling and nationwide installation. In addition, an enterprise license to the WebDT Content Manager (WCM) 6 Pro software is included, enabling intuitive menu board design, publishing and extensive device management capabilities. MA Series Multi Screen Appliances DT Research MA Multi Screen Appliances enable rapid deployment of multiple screen digital menu boards. The compact, rugged design of the embedded system players have 2-7 HDMI outputs for up to seven 1080p displays and are ideal for installations in environments that require highly durable electronics such as restaurants, retail, concessions, sports and entertainment venues. WebDT Content Management Software The WebDT Content Management software is browser-based with an intuitive graphical user interface that powers remote content and hardware management. Users can power remote shutdowns, reboots and wakeups for each signage appliance. Menu Board Editor The Digital Menu Board HTML5 Editor functionality provides a simple way to connect with a database to display item information easily layered along with multimedia files. The editor supports MySQL, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL and remote CSV files. The menu board also can be customized with a 3rd party Web API to leverage an existing POS (Point-of-Sale) system. Menu Board Advertising Digital Menu Board owners can run complementary advertising and promotional content provided by 3rd party vendors. Proof-of-play reports can be generated from within WebDT Content Manager and exported via CSV format for advertising accounting purposes. Restaurants can schedule promotions and advertisements that are tracked to sales at time that the advertisement played to measure impact. Free Hosting Services Hilton Digital offers its customers free digital signage hosting as a way to offset the initial cost of transitioning to a digital system and simplify the ongoing maintenance for small and medium size businesses. Availability The DT Research -- Hilton Digital menu board solution is immediately available. For more information, visit http://www.signage.dtri.com/products/Multi_Screen_Appliance.html or http://hdsignage.com. About Hilton Digital Hilton Digital, Inc., a Hilton Displays company, is a digital signage systems integrator and custom fabricator focused on retail, hospitality, and public display verticals. Hilton Digital works with leading brands to help them deliver consistent and impactful messaging to their audience through digital signage, interactive displays, video walls and digital menu boards. Since 1981, Hilton Displays has delivered custom branding and signage solutions to leading brands like Starbucks, Wal-Mart, Wells Fargo, Dunkin' Donuts, Applebee's and many others. Hilton Digital and Hilton Displays are based in Greenville, SC, with offices located throughout the U.S. About DT Research DT Research™, is an early Mobile Tablet pioneer and leading designer and manufacturer of purpose-built computing systems for vertical markets. The company delivers the world's most comprehensive line of Rugged and Industrial-grade Tablets, Mobile POS Tablets, Digital Signage Systems and Medical Computing Solutions. DT Research products are uniquely designed with customizable built-in options and are assembled in California, providing customers with rapid time-to-market solutions. The DT Research family of products are based on embedded computing platforms that power secure, reliable and cost-effective computing. DT Research systems offer computing mobility within industrial and harsh environments through durable solutions with wireless connectivity, high-quality touch displays, and Windows® operating systems. More than 200 organizations across the globe rely on DT Research solutions in industries such as government, healthcare, hospitality, logistics, military, retail and warehousing. DT Research is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California with offices in China and Taiwan. For more information, visit www.dtresearch.com or follow @dtresearch, #MobileTablets and #RuggedTablets. DT Research and WebDT are trademarks of DT Research, Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/28/11G134248/Images/DTR-HD_Menu_Board_System-033d9ddc69f89839859518c64e483ce1.jpg Contact Information MEDIA CONTACTS: DT Research Barbara Reichert Reichert Communications, LLC barbara@reichertcom.com o) 650-548-1002 m) 415-225-2991 Gabrielle Marshall DT Research gmarshall@dtri.com o) 408-934-6192 Hilton Digital Andy Fischer, DSCE General Manager, Hilton Digital, Inc. Direct: 669-272-6781 andyfischer@hiltondisplays.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company DT Research, Inc. From this industry Computers and Software Food and Beverage Professional Services Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Hardware Internet Software Retailers Advertising, PR and Marketing Airlines Casinos/Gambling Cruises Hotels Restaurants See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Digital Menu Board system publishes updates instantly at multiple locations. View Image Highlighted Links DT Research   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Coast guard on hiring blitz, 150 positions in B.C. Central Saanich police chief to address sex assault forum Inner Harbour marina aims for July opening Spirit of Vancouver Island sidelined, some ferry sailings cancelled UVic’s international students cry foul as fee increases approved Missing, murdered women inquiry to hold first hearing May 29 in Whitehorse N.S. tackles racial profiling in stores: 'It's about a societal transformation' The Canadian Press March 27, 2017 07:48 AM Lennett Anderson, right, senior pastor at Emmanuel Baptist Church, addresses the audience as Justice Minister Diana Whalen, left and Christine Hanson, CEO of the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission, look on at the announcement of an online training course dealing with consumer racial profiling to educate retail businesses, in Dartmouth, N.S. on Monday, March 27, 2017. The commission initiated the program in response to complaints from customers. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Andrew Vaughan Previous Next Lennett Anderson, right, senior pastor at Emmanuel Baptist Church, addresses the audience as Justice Minister Diana Whalen, left and Christine Hanson, CEO of the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission, look on at the announcement of an online training course dealing with consumer racial profiling to educate retail businesses, in Dartmouth, N.S. on Monday, March 27, 2017. The commission initiated the program in response to complaints from customers. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Andrew Vaughan HALIFAX — More than a decade after racial profiling was identified as a festering problem among some police forces, it is now being addressed in another sector: retailing. After years of complaints about retail staff who routinely follow, search, ignore, insult and provide poor service to visible minorities, one province has decided to do something about it in a big way. On Monday, the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission launched a free, online training program aimed at preventing a problem that has sparked a growing chorus of complaints across the country. The 20-minute interactive course for front-line service staff — described as the first of its kind in Canada — has already attracted attention from businesses in other provinces and the United States, and plans are in the works to roll out a national campaign. "As a proud African Nova Scotian and seventh-generation Canadian ... I am acutely aware of the problems associated with navigating race relations in our society," Rev. Lennett Anderson of the African United Baptist Association of Nova Scotia told a news conference at the Halifax Chamber of Commerce. "The need for a campaign such as this is a desperate one ... It is worthy of our celebration." The retail sector is Canada's largest employer, with over two million people working in an industry that generated $59 billion in payroll in 2015. Christine Hanson, CEO of the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission, said the need for such a training program was reinforced in 2013 when the commission released a groundbreaking report that concluded aboriginal people and African Canadians more often reported being treated poorly by retail staff than did any other group. "In fact, people from all racialized groups, including Asian, Latin American and Middle Eastern people, reported being treated poorly by staff far more than did white people," the report said. "In the focus groups, several participants commented on being made to feel 'lower class' or like 'second-­class citizens' when shopping." The report went on to say that aboriginal people, African Canadians, and Muslims were all targets of offensive language and were treated as if they were physically threatening and potential thieves. "A person who is a member of a visible minority group is three times more likely to be followed in a store, and four times more likely to be searched," Hanson said. The online program, called "Serving All Customers Better," includes a quiz about immigration and visible minorities. It also cites statistics from the 2013 report and clearly spells out what the law says. The course also cites some examples, at one point quoting a worker who said: "I worked for a retailer who said, 'The eagle has landed,' when a black person walked into the store … I quit my job over it." Examples of consumer racial profiling continue to make headlines across the country. In October 2015, the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario agreed with a woman who said she faced discrimination as a black person when she was confronted by a Shoppers Drug Mart employee who demanded to search her backpack on suspicion of shoplifting. The tribunal ordered the store to pay Mary McCarthy $8,000. And in February 2015, Calgary university student Jean Ventose said he was racially profiled when he was followed by a security guard inside a local Walmart, apparently for no reason. He posted a video on the encounter on Facebook, which received more than one million views and 10,000 reactions in two days. In August 2016, one of Canada's largest grocery chains withdrew its appeal of a human rights decision that found an employee of Sobeys had discriminated against a black customer in May 2009 after falsely accusing her of being a repeat shoplifter. Sobeys said it reached a settlement with the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission and would apologize to Andrella David, pay her $21,000 in compensation, and develop a staff training program on racial profiling. The company faced a boycott by a group of 19 churches in the province. As well, Nova Scotia's first black lieutenant-governor, Mayann Francis, came forward to reveal that she, too, had been the victim of repeated racial profiling while shopping. At the time, Francis said Nova Scotia was in a state of denial when it came to racial profiling, saying she had often been the victim of "shopping while black" since she left her viceregal post in 2012. "It does not matter how successful you are, it still can happen to you," said Francis, who had previously served as CEO of the province's human rights commission. "It's just so wrong and so hurtful and I know how I feel when I'm followed in the stores ... They're stalking you." Earlier in the year, the Hudson's Bay Company agreed to educate its staff about racial profiling as part of a settlement in the case of a now-deceased Nova Scotia grandmother allegedly accused of shoplifting a rug from a Zellers outlet in 2008. Anderson, the pastor at Emmanuel Baptist Church in Hammonds Plains, N.S., said the new online course in Nova Scotia marks a big step forward for visible minorities. "Today, we are engaging in a courageous conversation," he said. "We have decided that it's time to confront major issues in our society ... Race is not a card we play, it's a life we live ... This campaign is not about behaviour modification, it's about a societal transformation." --- On the web: www.servingall.ca. © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Spirit of Vancouver Island sidelined, some ferry sailings cancelled › next Capital Home Please click to view the Spring 2017 Edition Discover Magazine Click here for the best of Vancouver Island & the Gulf Islands! Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Carbon monoxide suspected in deaths of four near Ashcroft Chinese anger, fears exposed in France after police killing Offender treated, judge stays on bench Landmark B.C. court ruling will shake real-estate industry, lawyers say Path between Uptown Centre, Galloping Goose gets upgrade Heiltsuk village among oldest in North America: archeologists Nelly Furtado charts a new course $1.63-million transit boost to add buses, cut wait times DNA tests find no sign of accused strangler in Port Angeles case A low-tech way to help you recover a lost phone Victoria medical-device maker Starfish acquires Toronto firm Climbing gold, resource stocks give Toronto stock market a boost Island First Nation signs LNG deal for West Coast Toronto stock index gains on higher energy prices; dollar dips Aspreva drug spinoff targets Lupus Red Bull heir enjoys jet-set life 4 years after hit-and-run Purolator stops accepting new shipments ahead of strike deadline Wednesday Foothills development would transform Lantzville Asian stock markets close higher; Europe up in early trading On the Street: Nanaimo agent new president of B.C. Real Estate Association Seventh heaven: Grizzlies are movin’ on Records aside, Royals hope to play giant-killer again Central Saanich climbing gym to host world championships Brothers Jamie, Jordie Benn to play against each for first time when Stars visit Habs BCHL Playoffs: Fightback earns Grizzlies the right to host Game 7 WHL playoffs: Victoria Royals square series with win at Everett Cloud of mystery surrounds injured Leafs No. 1 Andersen; McElhinney in for now WHL playoffs: Silvertips edge Royals to take back upper hand Nanaimo moves closer to landing WHL team Lions trade star lineman Olafioye to Alouettes for rights to Foucault Your timescolonist.com More News Cooking with Eric  Eric Akis Eric Akis: When only lamb will do From the Easter oven: Hot cross buns worth effort Eric Akis: Craving creamy comfort of pasta? Spiritually Speaking  Trip to luxury resort brings the Buddha to mind Valuing honesty in a post-truth era vital for society Forgive - the "Hardest" word? Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments40+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Republicans’ health-care disaster is already haunting their next big thing The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Matt O'Brien By Matt O'Brien March 28 at 7:00 AM Follow @ObsoleteDogma After Republicans withdrew their health-care plan on March 24, President Trump announced he would shift focus to tax reform. "We will probably start going very very strongly for the big tax cuts and tax reform, that'll be next," he said. (The Washington Post) President Trump is about two weeks away from discovering how complicated tax reform can be. Now, it was always going to be difficult, but, as we’ll get to in a minute, it got a lot more so after the GOP’s seven-year quest to repeal and replace Obamacare stalled not with a vote, but with another one of the Trump administration’s ritual rounds of recrimination. Indeed, at this point, Trump getting tax reform done looks about as likely as Trump University joining the Ivy League. Before we get to that, though, what’s the difference between a tax cut and tax reform? Easy: the first is just about reducing tax rates, while the second is about paying for reduced tax rates by closing tax loopholes. The problem, of course, is that one person’s tax break is another person’s tax essential, the kind of “essential” — such as deducting mortgage interest, or state and local taxes, or not having to pay anything on health insurance — that voters would rather have than a lower tax rate. That’s especially true of the industries whose entire business models are built on the assumption that these tax breaks will exist, like Realtors and developers and private equity managers. In other words, tax cuts are easy because everyone is a winner, but tax reform is hard because there are losers. 1 of 117 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × See what President Trump has been doing since taking office View Photos The beginning of his term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media. Caption The beginning of his term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media.  March 27, 2017 President Trump, joined by Jessica Johnson of Johnson Security Bureau, center, and Ivanka Trump, participates in a meeting with women small business owners in the Roosevelt Room of the White House. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. But if Republicans want to permanently cut taxes for the rich, which they unquestionably do, then they’re going to have to do some kind of tax reform. That’s because they don’t have the 60 votes it would take to beat a filibuster in the Senate, so the only way they can get anything done is through what’s known as reconciliation. That’s the mechanism that lets them pass a budget-related bill with just a simple majority in the Senate, but it can only be used on legislation that doesn’t add to the deficit after a decade. Now, they can always use this to pass a tax cut that turns into a pumpkin after the clock hits 10 years — that’s why the Bush tax cuts were set to expire after a decade — but House Speaker Paul D. Ryan has bigger ambitions. He wants his tax cuts to be the fiscal equivalent of a diamond: forever. Which is why Republicans need to figure out how to pay for their tax cuts so they don’t lose any revenue. The question, though, is not lose any revenue compared to what? This is where repealing and replacing Obamacare would have helped them quite a bit. See, it’s not just that Republicans wanted to get rid of a lot of Obamacare’s Medicaid spending and health insurance subsidies. It’s also that they wanted to get rid of almost all the taxes that paid for all that. If they’d undone these $1 trillion worth of taxes before they’d done tax reform, that’s $1 trillion less that they would have needed to come up with to make it look like they weren’t losing money. Or, more to the point, another $1 trillion that they could have put toward slashing the top tax rate. So here’s the big picture. Republicans were already having trouble coming up with ways to pay for their tax cuts, but now they need to come up with $1 trillion more — and maybe $2 trillion. Why is that? Well, their “border-adjustment tax” (BAT) that was supposed to raise $1 trillion in new revenue didn’t take long to go from political gambit to political albatross. And it isn’t hard to see why. It would start taxing everything that American companies import, which is just another way of saying that every company that depends on imports, including big GOP donors like Koch Industries and Walmart, will be as opposed to it as can be. Senator Tom Cotton, who’s from Walmart’s home state of Arkansas, has gone as far as calling the BAT something “so stupid only an intellectual could believe” it — and he’s a Republican! Even worse, his conservative colleagues David Perdue of Georgia and Lindsey O. Graham of South Carolina seem to agree, albeit in politer terms. The three of them alone likely have enough power to kill it in the Senate. These are savings that aren’t easily replaced. After all, are Republicans going to start taxing people’s health insurance benefits or their 401(k) contributions? Not a chance. What about stopping people from deducting their charitable donations and mortgage interest payments? Not that either. And they’re certainly not going to get rid of the preferential rate that people pay on capital gains. So if they’re not going to touch five of the biggest tax loopholes there are, how are they supposed to do tax reform? Eliminating the state and local tax deduction will only get them so far. The answer, in all likelihood, is they won’t. If they’re forced to choose between a tiny tax cut for the rich that never expires, and a bigger one for the rich that lasts 10 years, they’ll go for the bigger one every time. That's not nearly as complicated. business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 40+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic. Follow @ObsoleteDogma 42 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 The House just voted to wipe away the FCC’s landmark Internet privacy protections 2 Republicans voted to roll back landmark FCC privacy rules. Here’s what you need to know. 3 Analysis Spiders could theoretically eat every human on Earth in one year 4 One of the most troubling ideas about climate change just found new evidence in its favor 5 Trump touts jobs as Ford invests $1.2 billion in Michigan plants. But there are some caveats. Market Watch DJIA 0.73% NASDAQ 0.6% Get quote Last Update: 03/29/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
WV State Trooper shot, suspect apprehended - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports NFL owners approve Raiders' move from Oakland to Las Vegas Basketball Madness Bracket Challenge 2017 Martinsville NASCAR STP500 Ticket Giveaway 2017 High School Basketball Scores Inside Track WV Illustrated Video Community Community Calendar Fill Your Plate in the Mountain State Hooked on Science What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away Track our StormTracker Contest 2017 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 WV State Trooper shot, suspect apprehended Posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 6:23 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 12:23 PM EDT UPDATE 12:00 PM: West Virginia State Police released a statement on social media about the injured officer. "Corporal D. S. Fry was wounded in the wrist and shoulder early this morning while responding to a domestic disturbance in Lincoln County, WV. His injuries are non-life threatening; however, they are serious. The West Virginia State Police thanks everyone for their concern and words of encouragement. Please continue to remember Corporal Fry and his family in your thoughts and prayers as he begins a long road toward recovery." UPDATE 9:00 AM: WOWK is reporting the suspect has been apprehended and taken into custody. Police sent in a robot to apprehend the suspect, and he still had a gun at that point. Ths suspect is facing several charges and is in police custody at this point.  UPDATE 8:00 a.m.:  WOWK has also learned a female has been injured in the incident. It's unclear whether she was shot. State Police have confirmed that the trooper shot is in surgery and has non-life threatening injuries. Both the Trooper and the female victims have non-life threatening injuries. Crews on scene tell us people were inside the apartment building at the time of the shooting. Fire crews evacuated nearby buildings. The injured Trooper escaped in his cruiser to the Southridge Walmart and radioed for help. The suspect is considered armed inside an apartment building. No word on when this scene will be cleared. No names are being released at this time. ORIGINAL: According to Kanawha County Dispatchers, A West Virginia State Trooper is shot while responding to a domestic violence call in Lincoln County. The Trooper, who has not been identified was in Lincoln County to check on a domestic violence call around 2:00 a.m. Tuesday morning (3/28). When he arrived, a person opened fire. According to our sister station in Charleston, WOWK the trooper was shot once in the wrist and once in the shoulder.  The Trooper was able to get back to his patrol car and drive himself to the Southridge Walmart, and get help.  The State Police Special Response Team and the Kanawha County SWAT team are now working to get the suspect. WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
Menu Deadline Business Google Ventures Hires First Entertainment, Media Advisor In Craig&nbsp… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News WGA East’s Council Asks Members To Authorize Strike Top Stories CinemaCon: ‘Baywatch’, ‘Valerian,’ Fithian & More Business WGA Strike Talk: Insiders Lay Out What's At Stake by by Anita Busch Film Sony Catches ‘Hunting El Chapo’, Eyes Michael Bay by by Anita Busch TV ‘Bones’ Creator On Finale, Reunion Talk & Fighting Fox by by Anita Busch Business Google Ventures Hires First Entertainment, Media Advisor In Craig Kornblau by Anita Busch March 28, 2017 2:00am 0 Business Breaking News Financing Craig Kornblau David Krane Google Ventures EXCLUSIVE: Google Ventures, the venture capital arm of Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin’s Alphabet, Inc., has just hired its first advisor in the entertainment and media space. The company known only now as GV was founded in 2009 and has since invested in about 300 companies, including Uber and Nest and now it has tapped Craig Kornblau to help them with strategy and look for opportunities in this space. He will not only be working with GV’s entire portfolio, but will be helping to look for potential investments. Related Mika Brzezinski To Seth Meyers: Donald Trump Presidency "Far Worse" Than She Expected The one-time President of Universal Home Entertainment left the business in 2014 after 16 years in the post, and then began working with private equity firms and entreprenuers. He is now coming back to the entertainment/media industries at the behest of GV CEO and managing partner David Krane. The deal was orchestrated by attorneys Ken Ziffren and Skip Brittenham who knew both Krane and Kornblau. The former executive also had stints at Universal Music and Distribution and at Walt Disney Home Entertainment helping in international distribution. Said Krane: “Craig Kornblau is a master storyteller and consumer marketer, honed through his years of experience at NBC Universal and Disney. At the time when physical and digital businesses were beginning to converge, Craig forged sales and supply chain strategies that were game changers in the media industry. He … has a valuable set of skills to share with our portfolio.” As a strategist, Kornblau has provided advice and guidance to a bevy of companies, including Apple, Amazon, Best Buy, Comcast, Microsoft, Netflix, Sony, Target, Walmart and, of course, Google. In speaking with Kornblau, it was clear to Deadline that he has both a financial and marketing mind whose expertise is engaging with the all-important target audience for any given company. “My goal is to be in constant contact with key GV partners on their investment activities,” he said. He added that his experience in entertainment — which ran the gamut from identifying consumer trends, operations, distribution, retail, co-branding and brand-building, marketing and promotion — taught him “how to connect the consumer through storytelling and delivering an emotional experience.” He said that he is basically helping tech visionary’s harness and then capitalize on their inventions. “These engineers are game changers … for years, I’ve seen how technology can change an industry. You need careful thought,” he said. “My goal is how to make these companies operate better. One of the things that David would like me to do is act as a connector with the Hollywood community and the GV companies. I also want to help the founders forge game-changing retail and e-commerce sales and supply chain strategies for their businesses.” In addition to Kornblau, GV added three other advisors: President Obama’s Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus who is the former Governor of Mississippi and Ambassador to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabial; Guillaume Le Cunff, President of Nespresso USA, and CEO of the Nespresso Sustainability Innovation Fund who has extensive experience building consumer brands across Europe and the U.S, and Sanyin Siang, the executive director of the Coach K Center on Leadership & Ethics (COLE), a laboratory for leadership, at Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. What's Hot on Deadline 1 'Westworld': Louis Herthum Upped To Series Regular For Season 2 On HBO 2 'Peaky Blinders' Adds 'Game Of Thrones' Aidan Gillen; Charlotte Riley Returns As May 3 'Dance Moms' Host Abby Lee Miller Says She's Exiting Show As Jail Time Looms 4 'American Horror Story': Billy Eichner Cast In Season 7 Of FX Anthology Series 5 'The Flash's Grant Gustin Draws 'The Last Full Measure' 6 Marvel Gets Most Of 'Iron Man' Copyright Suit Tossed But Poster Battle Continues 7 'Big Little Lies' Notches Another Series High As It Nears April 2 Finale 8 NBC Orders 'The Handmade Project' Crafts Competition Reality Series Hosted By Amy Poehler & Nick Offerman 9 WGA Strike Talk: Insiders Lay Out What's At Stake 10 'xXx: Return Of Xander Cage' China Box Office Muscles Past $100M In First 6 Days Latest Business News Mika Brzezinski To Seth Meyers: Donald Trump Presidency “Far Worse” Than She Expected Disney At CinemaCon: ‘Wreck It Ralph’ Sequel Now Titled ‘Ralph Breaks The Internet’ WGA East's Council Asks Members To Authorize Strike Carrie Underwood Exits Sony For UMG’s Capitol Records Nashville House Votes To Scuttle FCC’s Broadband Privacy Rules – Update WGA Strike Talk: Insiders Lay Out What’s At Stake More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Cinemacon: Disney Plays Hold 'Em in Vegas, Announces 'Wreck-It… Legends of Tomorrow's Doomworld Had Death, Easter Eggs and One… 'An Inconvenient Sequel' trailer: Al Gore vs. Donald Trump in… Little Mix Epically Slays Sexy Performance Of 'Touch' On 'Late… Watch a 'Zelda: Breath of the Wild' player glide over the whole… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / A & E / Celebration of the Arts is April 29 Celebration of the Arts is April 29 Posted on Tuesday, March 28, 2017 by Gant Team in A & E, Local News (Provided photo) CLEARFIELD – The Susquehanna River Art Center is hosting a “Celebration of the Arts” event. It is taking place at 6 p.m. April 29 at the St. Charles Café in downtown Clearfield. The cost is $25 per person. It will feature small games of chance, an art auction and refreshments. Local band – LIVE BAIT – will also provide entertainment. Proceeds from the event will benefit the Susquehanna River Art Center. Tickets can be purchased at The Liddle Gallery and at the Starr Hill Winery at the Clearfield Wal-Mart store. For more information, contact Jody Grumblatt at The Liddle Gallery at 814- 765-5700 or visit the event Facebook page. Clearfield Kindergarten Registration is Open Through April 7 Clearfield YMCA to Present April Fools’ Comedy Show Tagged Celebration of the Arts Susquehanna River Art Center Related Posts #BoycottBeyonce sparks backlash TV Theft Suspect Linked to Other Incidents Curwensville Man Pleads Guilty to Indecent Assault Brookville Town Square Project Takes Next Step, Thompson Says Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Top Tesco shareholders oppose £3.7bn Booker takeover deal In a letter to Tesco's chairman, Schroders is urging the retailer to 'reconsider and withdraw the offer' Josie Cox Business Editor Tuesday 28 March 2017 10:46 BST Click to follow The Independent Online In January, Tesco, which is Britain's biggest retailer, announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal PA Two of Tesco’s biggest shareholders, which together hold just short 9 per cent of the company’s stock, have come out against the retailer’s proposed takeover of wholesaler Booker. Schroders on Monday wrote to Tesco chairman, John Allan, urging him to withdraw from the merger. In the letter, seen by the Independent and signed by fund manager Nick Kirrage and global head of stewardship Jessica Ground, the UK-based asset manager said that “the high price being paid for Booker makes the destruction of value even more likely [compare to an average deal].” Read more Tesco to merge with Booker in £3.7bn 'game changer' deal The letter said that Schroders would be encouraging other shareholders who voice this view to share it. “Thus we urge you to reconsider and withdraw the offer,” it said. Separately, the Financial Times reported that Daniel O’Keefe, who manages a fund at Artisan Partners, described Tesco as a “train wreck” that has over the last decade “expanded into new businesses [and] new geographies”. “The company basically imploded before [CEO] Dave Lewis began a journey of simplifying, refocusing on the UK. We just don’t understand, in a business as fragile as retail, why on earth would we risk distracting ourselves from that huge goal,” Mr O’Keefe reportedly added. Artisan Partners was not immediately available to comment when contacted by the Independent. Both Schroders and Artisan Partners hold around 4.5 per cent of Tesco, according to Thomson Reuters data.  Read more Tesco fined £129m by Serious Fraud Office for overstating profits Here’s why Tesco’s mega deal with Booker might not actually happen Tesco says everyone wins with £3.7bn Booker buy. That's open to debate In January, Tesco, which is Britain's biggest retailer, announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. But the tie-up is subject to majority consent from Tesco shareholders and resistance from two of its major stake holder could prove a considerable hurdle. “Tesco says the merger will generate a return greater than the cost of capital within two years of completion […] but Schroders and Artisan Partners think it’s just too expensive and too risky,” said Neil Wilson, an analyst at ETX Capital. In a statement on Tuesday Tesco said that it remains confident that the deal will enhance the “recovery plans for Tesco and deliver substantial benefits to customers and shareholders”. Financially, it will unlock more synergies than Booker's operating profit for the 2016 financial year and deliver a return in excess of our cost of capital in the second year. Strategically, it builds on our core expertise of sourcing, distributing and selling food in the UK market and will enable us to enter the faster growing out of home food consumption market,” it said. Tesco said that since announcing the transaction the majority of its top 10 shareholders had chosen to increase their shareholding in Tesco “We hope to convince all our shareholders of the merits of the transaction,” it said.  The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 Amazon 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo Shares in Tesco inched lower on Tuesday morning. Separately the retailer on Tuesday said that it had agreed with the Serious Fraud Office to pay a £129m fine for overstating its profits in 2014.  More about: Tesco Booker Artisan Partners Schroders Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items CalPERS, CalSTRS, Other Investors Have Indemnified Private Equity Criminal Conduct Even Though Fiduciary Counsels Say No - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether Immigrants and Innovation in US History - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/28/17 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether How Monopolies Stymie Political Activism: The Case of Black-Owned Businesses - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…Maybe - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Why Did Preet Bharara Refuse to Drain the Wall Street Swamp? - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Chicago Meetup Follow-Up - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith How Monopolies Stymie Political Activism: The Case of Black-Owned Businesses Posted on March 28, 2017 by Yves Smith I’m giving a brief overview of an important, well written article at Washington Monthly, The Decline of Black Business. It traces the precipitous decline in the number of black-owned businesses, and links it to a diminished ability to engage in political activism. The piece, by Brian Feldman, describes in detail how black-owned enterprises played a key role in the civil rights struggle, both by virtue of allowing owners and employees to participate visibly in the struggle (blacks working for whites risked being fired) and via black businessmen contributing important resources, such as office space, to organizers. The data and anecdotes on both of his major threads, the collapse in black entrepreneurship, and the role they played in the Civil Rights movement, are striking. For instance: The last thirty years also have brought the wholesale collapse of black-owned independent businesses and financial institutions that once anchored black communities across the country. In 1985, sixty black-owned banks were providing financial services to their communities; today, just twenty-three remain. In eleven states that headquartered black-owned banks in 1994, not a single one is still in business. Of the fifty black-owned insurance companies that operated during the 1980s, today just two remain. Over the same period, tens of thousands of black-owned retail establishments and local service companies also have disappeared, having gone out of business or been acquired by larger companies. Reflecting these developments, working-age black Americans have become far less likely to be their own boss than in the 1990s. The per capita number of black employers, for example, declined by some 12 percent just between 1997 and 2014. We’ve discussed some of the drivers of the fall in startups, which has become an economy-wide phenomenon: banks withdrawing almost entirely from character-based small business lending; weak demand in the economy post-crisis making it unattractively risky in many sectors of the economy; shortened job tenures making it harder for employees to identify the sort of unfilled niche opportunities which have proven to be the most successful startup formula; and as Feldstein stresses, the rise of monopolies making it much harder for small business to survive and thrive. As he writes: The decline of black-owned independent businesses traces to many causes, but a major one that has been little noted was the decline in the enforcement of anti-monopoly and fair trade laws beginning in the late 1970s. Under both Democratic and Republican administrations, a few firms that in previous decades would never have been allowed to merge or grow so large came to dominate almost every sector of the economy. This change has hurt all independent businesses, but the effects have disproportionately hit black business owners. Marcellus Andrews, Bucknell University professor of economics, says that pulling back on anti-monopoly enforcement was a “catastrophic intellectual and political policy mistake,” and that for the black community, the “presumed price advantages of concentration often do not translate into better economic opportunities.”… In 1969, J. Bruce Llewellyn grew ten Bronx supermarkets into the nation’s largest minority-owned retail business. By the 1990s, however, a retreat from antitrust enforcement and other fair trade laws permitted a few giant corporations like Walmart to engage in anticompetitive behaviors that in previous decades would have resulted in civil and criminal prosecution. These included undermining the pricing power of suppliers and loss leading, or the practice of selling below cost in order to drive competitors out of business. In 1999, Llewellyn sold his last remaining stores to the Dayton-Hudson Corporation, now known as the Target Corporation. In 1986, a top executive at Revlon made a prediction about the future of the beauty and hair care industry. “In the next couple of years,” he told Newsweek, “the black-owned businesses will disappear. They’ll all be sold to white companies.” The prediction proved accurate. In 1993, IVAX Corp. purchased Johnson Products Co., the thirty-nine-year-old maker of Ultra Sheen, beginning a decade-long series of acquisitions that wiped out remaining black ownership in the hair care industry. One consequence was fewer new hair care products for black customers. Funds once channeled into research and development, University at Buffalo professor Robert Mark Silverman explains, now were accrued as profits by the larger firms. And lack of economic independence constrains political expression: The role of market concentration in depressing black-owned businesses is also troubling because of the critical role that such enterprises have played in organizing and financing the struggle for civil rights in America. In the 1950s and ’60s, black Americans employed by whites, including professionals like teachers, often faced dismissal if they joined the civil rights movement, whereas those who owned their own independent business had much greater freedom to resist…. In 1928, W. E. B. Du Bois validated the black community’s embrace of anti-monopolism when he wrote, “To ask the individual colored man . . . to sell meat, shoes, candy, books, cigars, clothes or fruit in competition with the chain store, is to ask him to commit slow but almost inevitable economic suicide.” In 1932, the Associated Negro Press and the National Negro Business League, with the cooperation of the U.S. Department of Commerce, printed a newspaper column called “Business and Industry.” One article in the series noted that “an embarrassing problem confronts the 70,000 or more Negro-owned individual enterprises in the U.S. today[:] . . . Big Business, which so perceptibly handicaps the small industrial business units in which category Negro enterprise unquestionably belongs.”… Independent business owners also played a key role in financing civil rights protests, especially during their peak in the 1950s and ’60s. In Tallahassee, black grocery store owner Daniel Speed bankrolled a bus boycott similar to that in Montgomery, and his shop served as a meeting ground for black leaders. In Biloxi, Gilbert R. Mason, owner of Modern Drug Store, led a “wade-in” against the whites-only section of a federally funded Gulf Coast beach. In his autobiography, Mason wrote, “Pharmacists represented an economically independent class of black businessmen who might have been thought difficult for the white establishment to control. In many cases, the black-owned pharmacy was itself a nexus in black communities.” Funeral home owners emerged as another powerful bloc of civil rights activists. In 1956, funeral home owner William Shortridge cofounded the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights, a group that sought to end employment discrimination and abolish segregation in public accommodations. A. G. Gaston, who built his business empire as the owner of the Smith and Gaston Funeral Home, threatened to transfer his accounts from a white-owned bank unless it removed a “Whites Only” sign from a water fountain. In 1963, he lent Martin Luther King Jr. a room at his Gaston Motel. Soon known as the “War Room,” it was there that King decided to submit himself to arrest in Birmingham, a galvanizing moment in the civil rights movement. These excerpts only scratch the surface of this meaty, well-reasearched article. Go read it now. 001900 This entry was posted in Free markets and their discontents, Income disparity, Legal, Market inefficiencies, Politics, Regulations and regulators, Social values on March 28, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…Maybe Links 3/28/17 → Subscribe to Post Comments 26 comments Kalen March 28, 2017 at 6:19 am Great post. Finally somebody speaks of everyday reality we are witnessing, behind the fake front companies with different cute names, pretending to be mom and pap, all belonging to concentrated capital, while true minority businesses are dying. Here is a raw essay that addresses fallacy of suppose policies of promoting small business by forcing it to become big business or die: https://sostratusworks.wordpress.com/2015/01/31/diversity-of-one/ Reply ↓ Moneta March 28, 2017 at 7:08 am So… is identity politics good or bad? It seems to me that the left can’t make up its mind. It can be used to win rights but not when used to take these away. Reply ↓ JCC March 28, 2017 at 8:54 am This change has hurt all independent businesses, but the effects have disproportionately hit black business owners. Is this really “identity politics”? Or is it a short piece about monopolies destroying local Main Streets, disproportionately affecting black-owned businesses? I vote for the latter. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim March 28, 2017 at 9:02 am So do I. Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 10:02 am ^that. I think you’re confusing the terms “left” with “liberal.” A genuine left puts class – I know we’re not used to that term – interests above the silos cut out by gender and age and culture, etc. The vast majority of blacks have always benefitted when their struggle for equality was part of a larger struggle against monopoly and the predations of capital. You can look at the historical struggle of the Free Soil Party – free soil, free labor, free men – and the Populists to see the power that comes from a true united front that takes up many struggles. You can also see that the powers that be wasted no small effort to disrupt and destroy there struggles. When was the last time you saw a concerted effort to disrupt “identity politics?” Reply ↓ bob k March 28, 2017 at 3:26 pm I should add that since the Great Migration the majority of black people in the northern cities were working class, having entered the factories in great numbers. The struggle against discrimination would seem to be part of the trade union movement. That it wasn’t by and large can probably be attributed to the fact that as blacks moved into the cities, the whites moved out to the suburbs (aided by the Interstate highway system that also physicallydivided the black communities off), and, as the WA Monthly article notes, their neighborhoods were redlined, they couldn’t get FHA loans and couldn’t move to the suburbs. Divide and conquer is a tried and true tactic used by capitalists to keep workers fighting each other. And of course it was aided by the fact the white workers had material benefits that they sought to keep, rather than expand to POC. Again, the lack of a real left wing party to some degree led to this.T Reply ↓ divadab March 28, 2017 at 10:30 am Me three. Reply ↓ Katharine March 28, 2017 at 10:14 am Yes. It’s important to go beyond isolated words and consider what an article (or book) is actually about. Reply ↓ Moneta March 28, 2017 at 10:41 am When I read a book, I consider what it’s about but I also try to see the link between that book and all the other books I have read so I can better understand the world around me. Here at NC, there is a lot focus on avoiding discrimination (avoid identity politics such as segregating using words such as boomers, millenials, etc.). But over the last 40-50 years a lot of rights have been won using identity politics. So wouldn’t it be logical to see these rights also lost using identity politics? Reading this post, it dawned on me that rights won using identity politics might be more at risk than those won based on plain fairness/justice for everyone. But maybe I’m wrong. I need to ponder this… Reply ↓ PKMKII March 28, 2017 at 10:17 am Put dry and academically, the left has a problem with identity politics sans intersectionality. Put more casually, the left has a problem with identity politics that consists of outrage and bougie minority tokenism (“It’s okay if these black-owned business have gone under due to corporate monopolies, as long as the board of the corporations in question have at least one black person on them”), that treats discrimination as wholly separate from class. Addressing bigotry and its root causes is good, it’s putting on the veneer of social justice without addressing the substance that is a problem. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim March 28, 2017 at 12:26 pm This sentence deserves to go viral: Addressing bigotry and its root causes is good, it’s putting on the veneer of social justice without addressing the substance that is a problem. Thank you, PKMKII! Reply ↓ Musicismath March 28, 2017 at 7:52 am I would share this excellent piece with the usual crowd of liberals who think they’re leftists, but I imagine that the immediate comeback would be: “But why doesn’t he mention #BLM? Surely the existence of this movement undercuts the article!!!” I guess I could then link the Adolph Reed nonsite essay on why #BLM doesn’t constitute a “political movement” on the same order as civil rights, but I’m sure sharing *that* would elicit the internet equivalent of blank stares and suggestions that Reed doesn’t count as a critic because Freddie Deboer and Nathan Robinson like him. Reply ↓ TheCatSaid March 28, 2017 at 9:45 am Great post. I bet the stats for minority-owned/run franchises is poor both for franchise ownership and for individual stores. Does anyone know if there are any chains that are especially welcoming to minority franchisee owners? Reply ↓ PKMKII March 28, 2017 at 1:05 pm I know Golden Krust was founded by a black Caribbean immigrant, and have put an emphasis on giving economic opportunities to said community. So I would think that would extend to franchisees. Reply ↓ flora March 28, 2017 at 10:29 am Thanks for this post. The original Washington Monthly article is a must read. Reply ↓ Tim March 28, 2017 at 11:55 am One cannot have this discussion without addressing the role of COINTELPRO at disrupting person to person trust in the Black community. The FBI systematically targeted all efforts at Black business self-empowerment. When the Black Panthers ran breakfast programs, the FBI would make fake extortion threats (in the style of the Panthers) to business owners who were already donating to the cause. In San Francisco during the early 1980s, the big cooperative food system warehouse suffered massive internal battles (erupting into a gunfight and then a suspicious fire) that many old-timers believe were driven by the FBI. Those cooperative businesses often had programs to bring in Black former prisoners as worker-owners. It’s not just about monopoly (market) power it’s about state violence and the power of the security services. Reply ↓ Sluggeaux March 28, 2017 at 1:05 pm My father was a wholesale grocer supplying black-owned businesses in the Oakland area during the 1960’s-1980’s. Many of those business owners had been educated in the Historically Black Colleges and were an amazing group of civic-minded people. During the 1980’s, most of those black-owned businesses went under due to competition from big-box stores, who had abandoned minority communities during the “Burn baby, burn” 1960’s but came back with a vengeance when the civil rights struggle cooled. The community lost an important source of socially-conscious funding when black-owned businesses went under. It was an inspiration to have known that generation and I’m glad to see them finally as the topic of serious discussion. Reply ↓ blert March 28, 2017 at 1:52 pm Black financing for Dr. King et. al. largely came from Black LANDLORDS… not businesses. By accident of history, I ran into the grandson of one of Dr. King’s biggest chronic supporters. He was not so much “a talented tenth” as a talented .01% of the Black community of Atlanta. He could afford to kick Dr. King $5,000 at a crack, at will, half-a-century ago. The typical Black owned and operated business never had the cash flow to support Dr. King… or anyone else. Politics is largely supported by the rentier class… and always has been. Note how LATE to the political game even Bill Gates was… and his pattern of contributions is typical. The famous robber barrons of the 19th Century didn’t start to buy politicians until after they’d become titans. It was then that they slipped them into their back pockets. ( J.D. Rockefeller famously ‘owned’ Ohio, well, at least its officials.) Reply ↓ c1ue March 28, 2017 at 4:58 pm Sorry, but I don’t agree the article is either well researched or groundbreaking. For one thing, it would be a far stronger argument if the author had taken the time to contrast black owned business data with overall business data. For example: is the reduction in numbers of black-owned businesses really dramatically different than the decline of small business in general? So many of the stories of black owned businesses ending in the article were said businesses getting bought out – hardly an outcome that is guaranteed bad. The decline of black owned bookstores, video rental shops, or other once common small businesses isn’t a racially discriminatory phenomenon, for example, but it is emblematic of economic disruption due to Amazon and Netflix. Reply ↓ HotFlash March 28, 2017 at 8:20 pm Hi c1ue, just wondering here… it would be a far stronger argument if the author had taken the time to contrast black owned business data with overall business data. If the thesis is that reduction in black-owned business reduces black activism by denying it independent funding and other resources (meeting space, time off without repercussion, etc.), which it seems to be, then what does overall biz data have to do with that? If anything, one would like to look more broadly, to see if the similar pattern of small businesses being consumed into the Giant Corporate Amoebae is reducing (or influencing/controlling?) activism in other areas. Reply ↓ lb March 28, 2017 at 8:32 pm Think less of discrimination than outcomes. Consolidation in financial institutions beyond some point affects the populace adversely, sure. If black-owned financial institutions helped the black community in some way, and an effect of overall consolidation is the disappearance of black ownership, the black community is left at a significant loss. Some folks respond to “black lives matter” by trying to reframe and dilute with “all lives matter”. They miss the point, sometimes wantonly. Your argument sounds somewhat parallel. This article is about harm done to the black community, not harm done to the black community in contrast to the overall community. Reply ↓ JCC March 28, 2017 at 9:19 pm My initial reaction was that this was interesting and probably accurate, but I’m not sure if all of it is well researched either… or groundbreaking. But not having a great deal of time to research this sort of thing myself, but enough time to be curious, I plugged a few searches into Google (too easy, I know, and probably not overly accurate results) and finding both detailed and accurate info was not easy. Specifically I searched on things like “percentage of minority owned franchises” (mentioned above) and similar searches. Most of the results were too vague and/or generalized to draw any immediate conclusions, after all, minorities are everyone but whites, about as vague as you can get. But I did stumble across this at wikipedia African American Businesses and the section called 21st century bothered me a little relative to the article. It would appear that the author, Brian Feldman, is talking about a totally different level/class of business in general compared to this wikipedia statement (that was not backed up with an accurate link, by the way): In 2015 The US Census Reported that there were 2.6 million black or African American-owned firms nationally in 2012, up from 1.9 million or 34.5 percent from 2007. After reading the original article, though, I do think it’s a very good piece on the history of small to medium sized businesses owned by blacks during the 20th Century but I would really like to read, all in one place or two, some accurate and detailed research backing up (or not) both Feldman’s and wikipedia’s claims. There are so many things I would love to research and think about, but I have so little time. I guess I’ll just have to depend on the research of others. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 29, 2017 at 2:11 am Straw man. I never said it was groundbreaking. You are seriously saying an article that has this much detail on the history of black owned businesses, the role of black businessmen and politicians in anti-monopoly efforts, and how black owned businesses were important to black struggles for greater political rights isn’t well researched? What planet are you from? Have you ever done any actual research of this sort yourself? It appears not. The fact that it does not provide data you’d like to see does not mean it is not well researched. And if you know anything about banking or insurance, you don’t need the comparisons. The fall in black owned banks and insurers is obviously far greater than the aggregate. Reply ↓ EyeRound March 28, 2017 at 6:43 pm Well, the Stiglitz Center at the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business is currently hosting a 3 day conference on “Is There a Concentration Problem in America?” Meaning monopoly problem. I came across it in David Dayen’s twitter posts. Aside from what you would expect from this institution (“regulation is bad, bad, bad, doesn’t help the economy, etc.”), apparently, at least according to Dayen, there is some talk of something called “political antitrust” by one of the U of C hosts, Luigi Zingales. Maybe it means a new era of “trust-busting” but it’s hard to see how re-regulation would be possible among today’s global supercorporations. The demise of the FTC, begun with de-funding in the 1970’s as the article indicates, has turned it into yet another supine regulatory agency. In its earlier days the FTC had a dual purpose: to control business/concentration and to enforce consumer protection. As an example of the latter, the FTC of bygone days oversaw “truth in advertising,” presumably to ensure that ads didn’t outright lie to consumers. In other words, recognition that business and public welfare were more or less antithetical to one another. https://promarket.org/role-antitrust-free-market-economy/ https://twitter.com/ddayen/ Reply ↓ EyeRound March 28, 2017 at 6:49 pm Hi. Sad to say, this is the second time NC has bricked a comment from me. Is there some problem? Reply ↓ EyeRound March 28, 2017 at 9:41 pm You did post it (6:43). Thank you! Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments clinical wasteman on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017Ach, just realized the cat scrambled even more... different clue on Links 3/28/17If NC is "illegalized", then the NC people... Marina Bart on Persuasion: An IntroductionHey, Foppe. I didn't forget. I'm not sure... Yves Smith on Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…MaybeFilibusters are not allowed on Cabinet appointments. The... different clue on Links 3/28/17Those of you who grabbed for wealth are... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,004) Banking industry (4,640) Brexit (46) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (564) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,455) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,754) Energy markets (504) Environment (452) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,404) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (321) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,449) Health care (388) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (948) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (495) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,878) Links (3,036) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (229) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (141) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (5,007) Private equity (509) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,573) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,013) Social values (1,787) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (383) Technology and innovation (449) The destruction of the middle class (1,334) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (641) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting I - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News West Virginia Floods Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Elections Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports High School Basketball Scores Big Race Daytona High School Sports Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports College Sports West Virginia Illustrated Video Community Coupon Bug Hidden History Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Posted: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 2:54 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 3:51 PM EDT LINCOLN COUNTY, WV - UPDATE 12:00 PM Jeremiah Wayne Yeager is facing charges of domestic assault, domestic battery, malicious wounding, attempted murder, obstruction, brandishing and strangulation. According to a criminal complaint from Lincoln County Magistrate Court, the woman Yeager assaulted told police Yeager arrived at her apartment with another male and female. The woman told police Yeager had not slept in 4 days and was high on methamphetamine. The woman says the two began to argue and Yeager took a phone cord and choked her with it. She then says she passed out and woke up in the kitchen area. The woman says when she came to, Yeager had a long gun and revolver and threatened her with them. She says Yeager struck her several times with the revolver before the door opened. She says that's when Cpl. Fry entered the apartment while Yeager was pointing the gun at her. She remembers hearing gunshots and fleeing the apartment. UPDATE 12:00 PM: The West Virginia State Police have released a photo of Corporal Fry on their facebook page. They also released the following statement: West Virginia State Police UPDATE 10:50 AM: According to Lieutenant  Michael Baylous 13 News that the WV State Police trooper that was shot this morning is Corporal David Fry. Lt. Baylous also confirms that Jeremiah Yeager is the suspect who was apprehended this morning. Yeager is being charged with attempted murder of police officer, but he may face more charges. Yeager is in hospital being treated for minor injuries sustained during the apprehension Corporal Fry's wrist injury is a concern because of the small bones and nerves in the wrist. UPDATE 8:45 AM: The suspect has been apprehended and taken into custody. Police sent in a robot to apprehend the suspect, and he still had a gun at that point. The suspect is facing several charges and is in police custody at this point. UPDATE 7:12 AM: Midway Elementary School in Lincoln County is closed after a West Virginia State Trooper is shot twice while responding to a domestic violence call. The shooting unfolded along 214 Midway Road in Lincoln County around 2:00 Tuesday morning. 13 News has also learned a female has been injured in the incident. It's unclear whether she was shot. Crews on scene tell us people were inside the apartment building at the time of the shooting. Fire crews evacuated nearby buildings. The injured Trooper escaped in his cruiser to the Southridge Walmart and radioed for help. No names are being released at this time. We're told the suspect is considered armed inside an apartment building. No word on when this scene will be cleared. Both the Trooper and the female victims have non-life threatening injuries. UPDATE 6:52AM:  State Police have confirmed that the trooper shot is in surgery and has non-life threatening injuries.  The SWAT and SRT units are using night vision goggles to see the suspect in the apartment building.  Right now, the suspect is being talked to with a megaphone.  The suspect has been yelling back and forth with police and waving arms out the window. UPDATE 4:10AM:  In speaking with WOWK sources, the trooper, who is not being identified at this time, was shot twice.  He was hit once in the shoulder and another time in the wrist.  When he drove to the Walmart/Southridge area, he stopped his car in the intersection where EMS, the South Charleston Fire Department and South Charleston Police assisted him. Investigators have examined his car for almost 2 hours during their investigation.   UPDATE 3:20AM: A West Virginia State Trooper is shot after responding to a domestic violence call. The trooper was responding to a call in Lincoln County around 2:00 Tuesday morning. When he arrived, a person opened fire. The trooper was hit in the lower extremities, but able to get in his patrol car and drive to the Southridge Walmart. The State Police Special Response Team and the Kanawha County SWAT team are now working to get the suspect. WOWK's Chelsea Spears is at the scene now. ORIGINAL: According to Kanawha County Dispatchers, a West Virginia State Trooper was shot along the Kanawha County/Lincoln County line around 2:00 a.m. Tuesday morning. Dispatchers say the injured Trooper managed to drive himself to the Walmart in Southridge where he was advised to wait for help. His name has not been released at this time. No word on the Troopers condition. We're told officials in Lincoln County are now investigating the shooting.  Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. Other NewsMore NewsMore>> Ski-nomics Are Big Business in West Virginia Ski-nomics Are Big Business in West Virginia Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:54 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:54:45 GMT Winter sports have officially ended for the year at one major resort in the mountain state, but I had the chance to join in on some of the last runs of the season up in Snowshoe. It was well worth the trip north. Ski-nomics are big business in Pocahontas County, bringing in well over a quarter of a million tourists each winter. It's an impact people like Shawn Cassell with Snowshoe Resort see first hand. "What makes the tourism industry in West Virginia so great, the reason I w... Winter sports have officially ended for the year at one major resort in the mountain state, but I had the chance to join in on some of the last runs of the season up in Snowshoe. It was well worth the trip north. Ski-nomics are big business in Pocahontas County, bringing in well over a quarter of a million tourists each winter. It's an impact people like Shawn Cassell with Snowshoe Resort see first hand. "What makes the tourism industry in West Virginia so great, the reason I w... Trump’s Executive Order A Victory in W.Va.’s Fight Against Obama EPA Trump’s Executive Order A Victory in W.Va.’s Fight Against Obama EPA Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:12 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:12:59 GMT CHARLESTON — West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey witnessed President Trump sign an executive order, which the Attorney General declared a landmark victory toward the ultimate dismantling of a Power Plan that would have devastated coal communities across the state and nation.   The Attorney General was among those present for President Trump’s signing ceremony at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. The executive order initiates a review of the so-call... CHARLESTON — West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey witnessed President Trump sign an executive order, which the Attorney General declared a landmark victory toward the ultimate dismantling of a Power Plan that would have devastated coal communities across the state and nation.   The Attorney General was among those present for President Trump’s signing ceremony at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. The executive order initiates a review of the so-call... Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 3:51 PM EDT2017-03-28 19:51:16 GMT Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. 35K ready-to-eat taquitos recalled over possible contamination 35K ready-to-eat taquitos recalled over possible contamination Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 12:05 PM EDT2017-03-28 16:05:30 GMT A company is recalling approximately 35,168 pounds of frozen ready-to-eat taquito products, because the may be contaminated with rubber. A company is recalling approximately 35,168 pounds of frozen ready-to-eat taquito products, because the may be contaminated with rubber. Hemp Day at the Capitol Focuses on How to Get Involved in Movement Hemp Day at the Capitol Focuses on How to Get Involved in Movement Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 9:29 PM EDT2017-03-28 01:29:10 GMT Today was Hemp Day at the Capitol, and the focus was to try and teach people how they can get involved in the movement.   Today was Hemp Day at the Capitol, and the focus was to try and teach people how they can get involved in the movement.   Teens Wearing Leggings Barred From United Flight Teens Wearing Leggings Barred From United Flight Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 7:01 PM EDT2017-03-27 23:01:45 GMT DENVER (AP) -- Two teenage girls were barred by a gate agent from boarding a United Airlines flight from Denver to Minneapolis on Sunday because they were wearing leggings, according to a spokesman for the airline. The girls, whose ages were not specified, were not allowed onto the morning flight because they were traveling under an employee travel pass that includes a dress code, United spokesman Jonathan Guerin said.  DENVER (AP) -- Two teenage girls were barred by a gate agent from boarding a United Airlines flight from Denver to Minneapolis on Sunday because they were wearing leggings, according to a spokesman for the airline. The girls, whose ages were not specified, were not allowed onto the morning flight because they were traveling under an employee travel pass that includes a dress code, United spokesman Jonathan Guerin said.  Multi-Million Dollar Monolithics Plant to be Built in Southern Ohio Multi-Million Dollar Monolithics Plant to be Built in Southern Ohio Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 3:21 PM EDT2017-03-27 19:21:08 GMT SOUTH POINT, O.H. -  HarbisonWalker International (HWI), the largest supplier of refractory products and services in the U.S., has selected The Point Industrial Park in South Point, Lawrence County, Ohio as the location for construction of its new, state-of-the-art monolithic refractories manufacturing facility. According to a press release from HWI, the site is subject to completion of the company’s due diligence and finalization of one additional grant application that i... SOUTH POINT, O.H. -  HarbisonWalker International (HWI), the largest supplier of refractory products and services in the U.S., has selected The Point Industrial Park in South Point, Lawrence County, Ohio as the location for construction of its new, state-of-the-art monolithic refractories manufacturing facility. According to a press release from HWI, the site is subject to completion of the company’s due diligence and finalization of one additional grant application that i... Girl burns hands while making homemade slime Girl burns hands while making homemade slime Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 2:01 PM EDT2017-03-27 18:01:42 GMT A girl is recovering after getting burned on a popular do-it-yourself project. A girl is recovering after getting burned on a popular do-it-yourself project. Kentucky power plant to stop burning coal by 2023 Kentucky power plant to stop burning coal by 2023 An electric utility in Kentucky will stop burning coal at its only power plant, which dates back to the 1960s. An electric utility in Kentucky will stop burning coal at its only power plant, which dates back to the 1960s. Body Pulled From Kanawha River in Nitro Identified Body Pulled From Kanawha River in Nitro Identified Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 11:52 AM EDT2017-03-27 15:52:55 GMT The Nitro Police Department have identified the body pulled from the Kanawha River in Nitro on Saturday The Nitro Police Department have identified the body pulled from the Kanawha River in Nitro on Saturday    Top VideoMore>> Ski-nomics Are Big Business in West Virginia Ski-nomics Are Big Business in West Virginia Nicholas Community Questions Senator Boso's BOE Bill Nicholas Community Questions Senator Boso's BOE Bill Marshall Softball/Baseball Highlights & Scores (Mar. 28, 2017) Marshall Softball/Baseball Highlights & Scores (Mar. 28, 2017) Marshall Spring Football: Day 1 Recap (Mar. 28, 2017) Marshall Spring Football: Day 1 Recap (Mar. 28, 2017) Students concerned over rising cost of tuition Students concerned over rising cost of tuition    SlideshowsMore>> 13 arrested during 2-day Chillicothe human trafficking/prostitution operation 13 arrested during 2-day Chillicothe human trafficking/prostitution operation Updated: Friday, March 24 2017 2:05 PM EDT2017-03-24 18:05:34 GMT Chillicothe police, along with several other law agencies arrested 13 people during a two-day operation. Chillicothe police, along with several other law agencies arrested 13 people during a two-day operation. Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop Updated: Friday, October 7 2016 8:51 AM EDT2016-10-07 12:51:07 GMT Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Updated: Sunday, August 14 2016 10:33 PM EDT2016-08-15 02:33:29 GMT About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.     WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Two Juveniles Arrested After Hanging Dog in Lincoln County Two Juveniles Arrested After Hanging Dog in Lincoln County Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 10:02 PM EDT2017-03-28 02:02:41 GMT Two juveniles have been arrested for animal cruelty after a picture of a hanging dog was posted on the web.  Two juveniles have been arrested for animal cruelty after a picture of a hanging dog was posted on the web.  Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Suspect and WV State Police Trooper in Early Morning Shooting Identified Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 3:51 PM EDT2017-03-28 19:51:16 GMT Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. Stay with 13 News as we continue to get more details. Ex-West Virginia sheriff gets home confinement in meth case Ex-West Virginia sheriff gets home confinement in meth case Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 12:54 PM EDT2017-03-28 16:54:47 GMT A former West Virginia sheriff who acknowledged being a meth addict and removing the drug from a police storage area has been sentenced to home confinement. A former West Virginia sheriff who acknowledged being a meth addict and removing the drug from a police storage area has been sentenced to home confinement. Missing Lewis County, KY man search now a criminal case Missing Lewis County, KY man search now a criminal case Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 9:10 AM EDT2017-03-28 13:10:50 GMT What started over the weekend as a deep woods search for a missing man is now a possible abduction and a criminal investigation. What started over the weekend as a deep woods search for a missing man is now a possible abduction and a criminal investigation. Man Wanted After Saint Albans Robbery Man Wanted After Saint Albans Robbery Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:30 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:30:54 GMT The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating a robbery at a store on MacCorkle Avenue in Saint Albans. At approximately 3:20 p.m., Saint Albans Police was dispatched to AT&T Wireless at 102 MacCorkle Avenue in Saint Albans. Upon arrival, officers learned that a white male wearing a ballcap, brown jacket, black shirt, and blue jeans entered the store and approached a clerk.  Once he approached the clerk, he made verbal threats that he was armed with a gun and demande... The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating a robbery at a store on MacCorkle Avenue in Saint Albans. At approximately 3:20 p.m., Saint Albans Police was dispatched to AT&T Wireless at 102 MacCorkle Avenue in Saint Albans. Upon arrival, officers learned that a white male wearing a ballcap, brown jacket, black shirt, and blue jeans entered the store and approached a clerk.  Once he approached the clerk, he made verbal threats that he was armed with a gun and demande... Multi-Million Dollar Monolithics Plant to be Built in Southern Ohio Multi-Million Dollar Monolithics Plant to be Built in Southern Ohio Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 3:21 PM EDT2017-03-27 19:21:08 GMT SOUTH POINT, O.H. -  HarbisonWalker International (HWI), the largest supplier of refractory products and services in the U.S., has selected The Point Industrial Park in South Point, Lawrence County, Ohio as the location for construction of its new, state-of-the-art monolithic refractories manufacturing facility. According to a press release from HWI, the site is subject to completion of the company’s due diligence and finalization of one additional grant application that i... SOUTH POINT, O.H. -  HarbisonWalker International (HWI), the largest supplier of refractory products and services in the U.S., has selected The Point Industrial Park in South Point, Lawrence County, Ohio as the location for construction of its new, state-of-the-art monolithic refractories manufacturing facility. According to a press release from HWI, the site is subject to completion of the company’s due diligence and finalization of one additional grant application that i... Kentucky Teacher Arrested with Rape Charge Kentucky Teacher Arrested with Rape Charge Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 6:38 PM EDT2017-03-27 22:38:41 GMT A teacher has been arrested on 3rd degree rape charges after having an inappropriate relationship with a female student. According to the Boyd County Sheriff's Department, Michael Sammons, a teacher at Boyd County High School was arrested after an investigation into allegations of having an inappropriate relationship with a female student. Sammons, 52, of South Shore, Kentucky,  was subsequently arrested following that investigation on 3rd degree rape charges and has been lodge... A teacher has been arrested on 3rd degree rape charges after having an inappropriate relationship with a female student. According to the Boyd County Sheriff's Department, Michael Sammons, a teacher at Boyd County High School was arrested after an investigation into allegations of having an inappropriate relationship with a female student. Sammons, 52, of South Shore, Kentucky,  was subsequently arrested following that investigation on 3rd degree rape charges and has been lodge... Rattlesnake Bites Boy Who Mistook it for a Toy Rattlesnake Bites Boy Who Mistook it for a Toy Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 3:13 PM EDT2017-03-28 19:13:02 GMT Authorities say a 5-year-old boy is recovering after being bitten by a rattlesnake that he mistook for a toy. Authorities say a 5-year-old boy is recovering after being bitten by a rattlesnake that he mistook for a toy. Woman Arrested After Cats Found in Freezer in Charleston Woman Arrested After Cats Found in Freezer in Charleston Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 3:26 PM EDT2017-03-27 19:26:13 GMT A Charleston woman has been arrested after her landlord discovered multiple dead cats in her west side apartment.  A Charleston woman has been arrested after her landlord discovered multiple dead cats in her west side apartment.  Couple accused of trying to sell baby for $3,000 on Craigslist Couple accused of trying to sell baby for $3,000 on Craigslist Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 10:06 AM EDT2017-03-28 14:06:41 GMT A couple is behind bars after authorities said they tried to sell a 5-month-old baby by posting an ad on Craigslist. A couple is behind bars after authorities said they tried to sell a 5-month-old baby by posting an ad on Craigslist.    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: March 29, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Hot Topics: House Fire Puppy Mill Protest Red Cross Centennial Loveland Startup Week Colo. Eagles Home Finale Entertainment This Week RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls March 24-27, 2017 Posted:   03/27/2017 09:19:21 PM MDT Friday Arrests •12:28 a.m. In the 3200 block of North Colorado Avenue, a 40-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor harassment. • 1:05 a.m. In the 300 block of East Fourth Street, a 67-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol and driving the wrong way on a one-way street. • 12:13 p.m. At the intersection of North Garfield Avenue and East 57th Street, a 19-year-old Fort Collins woman on suspicion of misdemeanor obstructing a highway or other passageway, misdemeanor obstruction of a peace officer and disorderly conduct. • 6:28 p.m. At an undisclosed location, a 28-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor criminal mischief. • 7:26 p.m. In the 200 block of East Fourth Street, a 57-year-old transient man on a warrant alleging failure to appear in court • 11 p.m. In the 3300 block of North Garfield Avenue, a 26-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol and failure to change lanes safely. • 10:06 p.m. In the 3700 block of Black Oak Court, a 46-year-old Loveland woman on suspicion of felony assault. Saturday Arrests • 5:05 p.m. In the 4500 block of North Lincoln Avenue, a 43-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol, misdemeanor open alcohol container in a motor vehicle, speeding 20-24 miles per hour over the speed limit and failure to yield to an emergency vehicle. Advertisement • 8:27 p.m. In the 200 block of East Fourth Street, a 50-year-old Johnstown man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol. • 9:09 p.m. In the 100 block of East Second Street, a 27-year-old Loveland man on two unknown warrants. • 9:55 p.m. At Wal-Mart 1325 N. Denver Ave., a 22-year-old Fort Collins man on misdemeanor warrants alleging theft and assault. Sunday Arrests • 1:18 a.m. On southbound Interstate 25 at mile marker 257, near the north Loveland exit, a 25-year-old Longmont man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol, misdemeanor open alcohol container inside motor vehicle and driving a vehicle with improper headlights. • 10:02 a.m. In the 1200 block of Eagle Drive, a 21-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of felony criminal impersonation and misdemeanor theft. • 3:41 a.m. In the 1500 block of Cheyenne Avenue, a 27-year-old Denver woman on suspicion of misdemeanor assault. • 4:33 p.m. In the 2400 block of North Lincoln Avenue, a 45-year-old transient man on misdemeanor warrants alleging failure to appear in court and failure to comply with probation. • 5:48 p.m. In the 200 block of East 29th Street, a 19-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of theft and misdemeanor warrants alleging failure to appear in court and failure to comply. • 6:02 p.m. In the 1200 block of East Sixth Street, a 26-year-old Loveland woman on two unknown warrants. • 7:55 p.m. In the 2100 block of West 15th Street, a 39-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of felony burglary, felony criminal mischief, felony assault, misdemeanor harassment, misdemeanor obstruction of a peace officer and misdemeanor resisting arrest. Monday Arrests • 3:15 a.m. In the 900 block of North Grant Avenue, a 50-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under revocation and a misdemeanor warrant. • 10:16 p.m. In the 2400 block of East First Street, a 35-year-old Loveland woman on a misdemeanor warrant. Other Notable Calls Sunday • Noon. Shoplifting at King Soopers, 253 E. 29th St. • Noon. Motor vehicle theft in the 600 block of North Harrison Avenue. • Noon. Disorderly conduct in the 2400 block of East First Street. • 2 p.m. Shoplifting at Kohl's, 1340 Sculptor Drive. • 3 p.m. A motor vehicle accident with injury in the 3400 block of Mountain Lion Drive. • 4 p.m. Shoplifting at Wal-Mart, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 5 p.m. Trespass in the 1200 block of East Sixth Street. • 6 p.m. Burglary in the 1700 block of Greeley Drive. • 7 p.m. Shoplifting at Wal-Mart, 250 W. 65th St. • 7 p.m. Burglary in the 800 block of Libra Court. • 7 p.m. Traffic stop in the 1200 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. Monday • 3 a.m. Warrant in the 900 block of North Grant Avenue. • 8 a.m. Fraud in the 2100 block of South Custer Avenue. • 9 a.m. Theft in the 3200 block of East First Street. • 10 a.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident in the 2400 block of East First Street. • 10 a.m. Hit-and-run in the 2300 block of Woody Creek Circle. • 11 a.m. Theft in the 5500 block of North Garfield Avenue. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Loveland to remedy post office ballot error Berthoud man arrested in police chase on Eisenhower that delayed traffic at Denver Avenue Bill hopes to study, reverse Colorado's growing teacher shortage   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Discover: Natural Products Expo Engredea Esca Bona NEXT Store Delicious Living More Menu Log In or Register News Products and Trends Market Data and Analysis Ingredients Health and Nutrition Research People and Company Profiles Business Resources Natural Products Expo Engredea Esca Bona NEXT Store Delicious Living Subscribe to NBJ Newsletters About Us Contact Advertise Standards Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Magnesium may protect against heart disease, stroke and diabetes Mar 28, 2017 Carotenoids may boost Boomer brainpower Mar 27, 2017 Vitamin D may improve autism symptoms Mar 27, 2017 How smart brands keep pace with active consumers Mar 26, 2017 Why influencers are essential for brands to drive customer engagement Mar 26, 2017 Featured Amy's organic, vegetarian drive thru off to a strong start Mar 20, 2017 Expected and confirmed: Consumers swayed by 'all natural' food labels Mar 17, 2017 Supplement industry optimistic about Trump administration’s FDA commissioner nominee Mar 14, 2017 Return of the Dark issue Mar 24, 2017 News [email protected] : More personal care M&A ahead? | Building brands under one umbrella Each day at 5 p.m. we collect the five top food and supplement headlines of the day, making it easy for you to catch up on today's most important natural products industry news. Mar 27, 2017 The latest acquisition targets are indie beauty brands There were 52 acquisitions in the personal care space last year, and some of the most sought after companies were private brands with big social media fan bases, says investment bank Financo. There's also "a lot of capital chasing investments," according to another industry watcher. These days, they say, consumers are gravitating to smaller, authentic brands, and word of mouth (through social media) can have a huge impact on their purchasing decisions. Will any natural brands be scooped up? Read more at Bloomberg...   Boulder's 1908 Brands umbrella expands in natural products market 1908 Brands has proven it can buy companies and rebrand them and develop interesting new products. But it has yet to prove that it can make them national brands, says CEO Steve Savage. That's the goal for 2017. The firm owns Boulder Clean, CompoKeeper, Fruitivity Snacks, Schultz's Gourmet, Thrive Tribe and Yummari. Three Bears, an oat snack brand, is set to roll out in April. Read more at Daily Camera...   Food accounts for 12.5 percent of American households' budgets Americans only spend more on housing and transportation, according to the USDA and U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' numbers from 2015. About 7.2 percent of expenditures were at the grocery store, while 5.4 were at restaurants. Read more at USDA Economic Research Service...   Walmart is 'best positioned' in online grocery battle against Amazon Among major food retailers, Walmart is best positioned to take on Amazon, according to a new report from Citi Research, which puts Kroger close behind. At the bottom of the list? Whole Foods. The report looked at factors including profitability, pricing and exposure to Amazon markets to make its conclusions. Read more at CNBC...   McDonald's remembers it is a fast-food chain Four straight years of declining guest counts has led McDonald's to explore potential mobile order-and-pay or delivery options. It has also explored making its chicken nuggets without artificial preservatives and testing fresh beef for some burgers, but the company recently noted that it wants to go back to its roots and focus on "delicious, unpretentious food." Read more at Inc... TAGS: General 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Daily Table founder challenges businesses to 'be a force for good'Mar 28, 2017 Bring awareness to unconscious commitments and start living your purposeMar 28, 2017 How smart brands keep pace with active consumersMar 26, 2017 Why influencers are essential for brands to drive customer engagementMar 26, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Advertise Standards Graphics Center Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Google Linkedin Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News Talon International, Inc. (TALN: OTCQB) | Talon International, Inc. Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year Financial Results LOS ANGELES, CA–(Marketwired – Mar 27, 2017) – Talon International, Inc. (OTCQB: TALN), a leading global supplier of zippers, apparel fasteners, trim and stretch technology products, reported financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. Full Year Financial Highlights Revenues were flat for 2016 versus the prior year as Trim sales continued to increase while Zipper sales declined Trim revenues posted a 13% increase versus the prior year Overall gross profit increased 8.3%, or $1.3 million versus the prior year Gross margins improved to 36.5% in 2016 from 33.7% in 2015, due to a more favorable product mix and operational cost improvements Income from operations increased $1.3 million over the prior year Recent News Highlights Talon announced it is „Unzipping LA Fashion Week” (LAFW) with the world’s longest zipper installation. At 3.1 miles in length, Talon is slated to join the Guinness Book of World Records A Talon Zipper Exhibit was held March 23-26 featuring the rarest vintage Talon zippers in the market, some of the hottest new garments using Talon zippers, and the World Records Longest Zipper Financial Results Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $48.3 million, reflecting a slight decrease of $93,000 or -0.2% as compared to the same period in 2015. Talon Zipper product sales for the year were $3.7 million lower, or 17.4%, than the same period in 2015 due to decreased sales within the mass market retailers and specialty retailers as compared to 2015. Talon Trim revenues, which consist primarily of sales to specialty retail branded customers, increased by $3.6 million, or 13.3%, compared to the same period in 2015, mainly due to new stretch technology programs and customers. Revenues for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2016 were $11.7 million, down less than 1% from the same period in 2015. Fourth quarter 2016 included $3.7 million in Zipper revenues, up $0.3 million from the prior year, and $8.0 million in Trim revenues, a decrease of $0.4 million versus the same period in 2015. „We continued to make progress on our strategic initiatives in 2016,” stated Larry Dyne, Talon’s Chief Executive Officer. „Though our revenues were flat versus the prior year, we produced higher margins and improved income from operations, as we had a more favorable product mix and worked to improve our operational costs. To remain focused on serving our customers, we’ve expanded geographically in order to locate near their manufacturing facilities, and are working closely with our specialty brand retail customers to offer Fit for Purpose items that meet our innovation and profitability standards. We continue to make significant investments in our product segments, particularly in the Trim business, as we experienced revenue growth and momentum this year.” Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $17.6 million, or 36.5% of sales, compared to $16.3 million, or 33.7%, for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $1.3 million. Gross profit for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 was $4.2 million, or 36.0%, compared to $4.3 million, or 36.6%, in the fourth quarter of 2015. The gross profit increase for the year is attributable to lower direct purchase costs and a shift into a greater revenue mix of higher-margin products. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 were essentially flat from the prior year at $14.9 million. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2016 were $3.8 million, which was $85,000 higher than the fourth quarter of 2015. Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $6.8 million, a $371,000 increase when compared to the same period in 2015. This was mainly due to additional compensation costs, increased facilities and related expenses, and an increase in new product development and marketing costs, offset by a decrease in travel and related costs. Sales and marketing expenses for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 were $1.8 million, as compared to $1.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2015. Income before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $2.1 million compared to $773,000 for the same period in 2015. For the quarter ended December 31, 2016, operations reflected income before income taxes of $289,000 as compared to income before income taxes of $445,000 for the same quarter in 2015. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $1.0 million or $0.01 per share as compared to $511,000 or $0.01 per share for the year ended December 31, 2015. Net loss for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 was $33,000 or $0.00 per share as compared to net income of $312,000 or $0.00 per share for the quarter ended December 31, 2015. Total shareholders’ equity increased to $7.5 million at December 31, 2016 compared to $6.2 million at December 31, 2015. About Talon International, Inc. Talon International, Inc. is a major supplier of custom zippers and complete trim solutions including Tekfit® stretch technology products to manufacturers of fashion apparel, specialty retailers, mass merchandisers, brand licensees and major retailers worldwide. Talon develops, manufactures and distributes custom zippers exclusively under its Talon® brand („The World’s Original Zipper Since 1893”); designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes complete apparel trim solutions and products including stretch technology products for specialty waistbands, shirt collars, and other items all under its trademark and world renowned brands, Talon® and Tekfit® to major apparel brands and retailers. Leading retailers worldwide recognize and use Talon products including VF Corporation, American Eagle, Abercrombie and Fitch, Polo Ralph Lauren, Kohl’s, JC Penney, FatFace, Victoria’s Secret, Wal-Mart, Phillips-Van Heusen, Levi Strauss & Co., Express and many others. The company is headquartered in the greater Los Angeles area, and has offices and facilities throughout the United States, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, China, Vietnam, India, Indonesia and Bangladesh. Forward Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Company’s views on market growth, changing trends in apparel retailing, new product introductions, expansion into new geographic markets, and the Company’s ability to execute on its sales strategies, and are generally identified by phrases such as „thinks,” „anticipates,” „believes,” „estimates,” „expects,” „intends,” „plans,” and similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statement. These statements are based upon, among other things, assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management, including management’s own knowledge and assessment of the Company’s industry, competition and capital requirements. These and other risks are more fully described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the Company’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which should be read in conjunction herewith for a further discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.     TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)           Quarters Ended December 31,     Years Ended December 31,       (Unaudited)     (Audited)       2016     2015     2016     2015   Net sales   $ 11,684,051     $ 11,764,908     $ 48,259,855     $ 48,352,699   Cost of goods sold     7,472,178       7,452,217       30,631,070       32,069,601     Gross profit     4,211,873       4,312,691       17,628,785       16,283,098   Sales and marketing expenses     1,816,413       1,636,178       6,785,592       6,414,932   General and administrative expenses     1,950,902       2,046,294       8,131,560       8,447,694     Total operating expenses     3,767,315       3,682,472       14,917,152       14,862,626                                     Income from operations     444,558       630,219       2,711,633       1,420,472   Interest expense, net     155,778       184,908       619,430       513,435   Loss on extinguishment of debt     –       –       –       134,049   Income before provision for income taxes     288,780       445,311       2,092,203       772,988   Provision for income taxes     321,412       132,915       1,097,325       261,661   Net income (loss)   $ (32,632 )   $ 312,396     $ 994,878     $ 511,327                                     Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share   $ –     $ –     $ 0.01     $ 0.01   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – Basic     92,274,255       92,267,831       92,271,868       92,267,831   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – Diluted     93,125,929       93,532,971       93,324,691       93,521,809                                     Net income (loss)   $ (32,632 )   $ 312,396     $ 994,878     $ 511,327                                     Other comprehensive loss fromforeign currency translation     (14,470 )     (4,156 )     (28,997 )     (13,786 ) Total comprehensive income (loss)   $ (47,102 )   $ 308,240     $ 965,881     $ 497,541                                                                                                         TALON INTERNATIONAL, INC.       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   (AUDITED)           December 31,     December 31,       2016     2015                     Assets                 Current assets:                   Cash and cash equivalents   $ 4,913,577     $ 2,852,315     Accounts receivable, net     4,315,608       3,796,209     Inventories, net     500,482       655,360     Prepaid expenses and other current assets     702,906       554,389   Total current assets     10,432,573       7,858,273                     Property and equipment, net     884,208       781,893   Intangible assets, net     4,266,596       4,313,948   Deferred income tax assets, net     5,224,018       6,043,412   Other assets     347,638       267,325   Total assets   $ 21,155,033     $ 19,264,851                     Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity                 Current liabilities:                   Accounts payable   $ 6,378,896     $ 6,087,561     Accrued expenses     2,972,689       3,128,304     Current portion of capital lease obligations     23,749       21,940   Total current liabilities     9,375,334       9,237,805                     Revolving line of credit from related party, net of discounts and deferred financing costs     4,041,345       3,492,772   Capital lease obligations, net of current portion     37,035       60,784   Deferred income tax liabilities     3,037       5,406   Other liabilities     236,088       257,903   Total liabilities     13,692,839       13,054,670                     Stockholders’ Equity:                   Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized; 92,274,255 and 92,267,831 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively     92,274       92,268   Additional paid-in capital     65,040,432       64,754,306   Accumulated deficit     (57,743,904 )     (58,738,782 )   Accumulated other comprehensive income     73,392       102,389     Total stockholders’ equity     7,462,194       6,210,181     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $ 21,155,033     $ 19,264,851                       Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBooks, Business, commission, Companies, company, general, Industry, major, Markets, officer, private, service, Talon International, Inc., Technology, Travel, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Salad Dressings and Mayonnaise Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Next PostNext Frozen Four Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Lowering Their Prices on 2017 NCAA Frozen Four Tickets for All Sessions and Full Strips at United Center on April 6th and 8th in Chicago, IL Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Harrison County March 28, 2017 6:12 PM She stopped for a soda and saw a wanted man. She left with a high-five. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 'All I remember is waking up in the woods,' fatal crash suspect says Pause 2:42 A dog transforms a man’s life 1:44 Gaming commission votes to deny two casino applications 1:18 How and where to park for the Bicentennial Celebration 0:06 Watch a rock sink in quicksand at Round Island 2:45 Bayou View Elementary third grade got 'ants in their pants' 1:48 Bourbon fan? Try an exclusive bottle handpicked by bourbon expert Jonathan Maisano 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 1:28 This island in Pascagoula has an interior like quicksand 0:57 Gautiers Paul Gainer will play football at Southern Miss Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Robin Brolaski of Gulfport describes how the helped U.S. Marshalls capture a fugitive at a Burger King in Biloxi. Marshalls had shown Brolaski a mug shot earlier where she works at a nearby apartment complex. She had seen the man before, but didn’t know him. John Fitzhugh Sun Herald Robin Brolaski of Gulfport describes Tuesday, March 27, 2917 how she helped U.S. marshals capture a man sought by deputies at a Burger King in Biloxi. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com Clifford Melvin Keetion Jr. 1 of 3 i By Robin Fitzgerald rfitzgerald@sunherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Biloxi Robin Brolaski had an adrenaline rush when she saw a man officials were seeking at a Burger King in Biloxi and gave a tip that led to his arrest. Clifford Keetion Jr., 44, was wanted on sex-crime charges involving an 11-year-old Harrison County girl. Brolaski didn’t remember his name but recognized Keetion when she stopped at the fast-food restaurant at Pass and Popp’s Ferry roads after work Monday. She is an assistant manager at a Biloxi apartment complex. She said federal marshals had stopped by her office a couple of hours earlier to show pictures of Keetion. They were looking for anyone who had seen him. He was sought on a fugitive warrant. Brolaski said she had seen the man in the area. Brolaski said all she could think about was to react quickly to help get him off the street. Within minutes, they had him on the ground with their knee in his back in no time flat. It was just awesome to see them doing their job. And off one tip, one person who you wouldn’t think could make a difference, that fast, this man they were looking for was taken off the street. Robin Brolaski, who called 911 when she saw a fugitive She called 911. Six federal marshals showed up. “They swarmed in,” she said. “Within minutes, they had him on the ground with their knee in his back in no time flat. It was just awesome to see them doing their job. And off one tip, one person who you wouldn’t think could make a difference, that fast, this man they were looking for was taken off the street. “It’s probably the best experience I’ve had in quite a long time.” Harrison County sheriff’s investigators had obtained arrest warrants for Keetion on March 8. He was wanted on two counts of sexual battery and one count each of unlawful touching of a child and attempted sexual battery. “He disappeared,” sheriff’s Lt. Coley Judy said. “We couldn’t find him.” Investigators asked for help from the U.S. Marshals Service Gulf Coast Regional Fugitive Task Force. The sheriff’s department has an investigator assigned to the task force. “The task force helps us out a lot when we can’t find someone,” Judy said. Girl talked to school nurse The child was sexually assaulted Jan. 23 at a home on the east side of the county, said Judy, the sheriff’s lead detective. “The child told a school nurse she was hurting,” he said. “The grandmother took her to a hospital and that’s where the child disclosed all details of what went on. A forensic interview on Feb. 14 further documented it.” After Keetion was arrested, he said he is homeless and was living with the girl’s family, Judy said. Keetion was booked at the Harrison County jail and held on a $400,000 bond set by Justice Court Judge Diane Ladner. How it went down Brolaski said it was a fluke, or faith, that brought Keetion to her attention. She lives in Gulfport. After getting off work, she turned right instead of left, deciding to go into Burger King to get a drink and then go shopping. She said she was driving out of the parking lot when “he crossed my path.” She said she recognized him by a drooping eyelid that appears to be almost shut. She went back to the restaurant and asked a young worker who was sweeping trash if the man had gone inside. The worker said he had. Brolaski went in as if she were going to place an order, but pulled the manager aside. She explained the situation. Keetion was nowhere to be seen, but presumably was in the restroom. Brolaski went back to her car and had it in reverse when the manager came running out. “She came flying out the door and said, ‘Oh, my goodness, he’s at the register right now placing an order. Call the authorities!’” Brolaski called 911. A dispatcher stayed on the phone with her as she parked in the old Wal-Mart parking lot. She said she wanted “a bird’s-eye view” of both of Burger King’s doors so she could tell police which way the man went if they didn’t make it there before Keetion left. Federal marshals showed up, and as they went in one door, the man ran out the other, Brolaski said. But marshals nabbed him. ‘They high-fived me’ Brolaski watched as they took him into custody. She drove up closer and parked by a marshal’s truck. Two of them walked in her direction. “I said, ‘Good detective work, right?’ “They said, ‘That was you on the phone?’ “They high-fived me and thumbed up,” Brolaski said. She said she didn’t have time to be frightened, but it took her a while to calm down from the adrenaline rush. “It was an exhilarating feeling to know someone, little old me, can change something like that and make a difference.” Robin Fitzgerald: 228-896-2307, @robincrimenews Related content Gulfport woman helps marshalls catch fugitive LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Harrison County Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:45 Gulfport woman helps marshalls catch fugitive Pause 1:06 'All I remember is waking up in the woods,' fatal crash suspect says 1:44 Gaming commission votes to deny two casino applications 1:18 How and where to park for the Bicentennial Celebration 0:06 Watch a rock sink in quicksand at Round Island 2:45 Bayou View Elementary third grade got 'ants in their pants' 1:48 Bourbon fan? Try an exclusive bottle handpicked by bourbon expert Jonathan Maisano 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 1:28 This island in Pascagoula has an interior like quicksand 0:57 Gautiers Paul Gainer will play football at Southern Miss Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago A dog transforms a man’s life 2:42 a day ago A dog transforms a man’s life 1:14 7 days ago House on Landon Road damaged in fire 0:20 7 days ago Two people escape car fire without injury in Harrison County View more video Harrison County Handicapped oyster lover settles casino, restaurant lawsuits CSX will review Biloxi railroad crossings next week She stopped for a soda and saw a wanted man. She left with a high-five. What does a cloned dog have to do with a Mississippi murder trial? Disabled vets back on the road with special wheels Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Showers in the morning with isolated thunderstorms arriving in the afternoon. High 68F. Winds E at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Thunderstorms likely. Low 58F. Winds ESE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: March 29, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close J.B. Forbes • jforbes@post-dispatch.com A shopper goes into the Macy's store on Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2017, at Alton Square Mall in Alton, Illinois. Macy's, one of the anchor stores at the mall, is closing. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Alton mall to lose giant appendage and gain a movie theater By Debra D. Bass St. Louis Post-Dispatch Debra D. Bass 6 hrs ago (…) J.B. Forbes • jforbes@post-dispatch.com A shopper goes into the Macy's store on Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2017, at Alton Square Mall in Alton, Illinois. Macy's, one of the anchor stores at the mall, is closing. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Atlanta-based owners of Alton Square Mall describe their “sacrificial investment” approach to redevelopment as counter-intuitive but strategic. It’s not common for mall properties to destroy their appendages. But these are uncommon times. Hull Property Group has announced that it will demolish the former Macy’s store, build a movie theater, relocate existing stores and craft a new multidimensional property. The company has scooped up nine “failing” properties in the last 15 months very intentionally. “Will they dominate like in the '80s, absolutely not,” said John Mulherin, vice president of government relations for Hull Property Group. “But will they compete? Yes — yes they will.” He said the physical presence of malls and goods will remain viable for shoppers, as long as they enjoy the experience. The renovations will be a boost to the mall and the perception of surrounding businesses and homes, “no property is an island.” Mulherin said that they didn’t just invest in Alton for the bargain price. “We liked the neighborhood,” he said. And considering the spate of mall closures across the nation, Mulherin said that they had hundreds of properties to choose from. He anticipates that the renovations will begin this summer and be completed before it disrupts any Christmas season sales, but Hull Property Group will have to negotiate with the city first. The group wants the city to extend some existing incentives, including the Alton Square Business District and River Bend Enterprise Zone, two current incentives that will include the property. But Hull would also like for the city to approve Tax Increment Financing, also known as TIF. TIF districts are fairly common economic development tools which allow cities to reallocate a portion of increased local property tax revenues within a geographic area to a developer for a specific period of time. Mulherin said that it would give them a measure of comfort and security on their hefty investment. Mayor Brant Walker said that obviously it's something that the city council and other city interests will have to weigh in on, but he said a project like Alton Square Mall bears serious consideration. "I'm thrilled and we're so blessed that they have the pockets and the know-how to revive a mall project like this," Walker said. He noted that this week has been a bright spot for the region's retail news, "which is usually doom and gloom." The city would be wise to do what it can to keep those retail options open moving forward, he said.  Mulherin notes that no one is paying them to tear down the Macy’s structure, which just announced the closure in January, and they aren’t raising any rents as they reshuffle stores and invest in higher ceiling, better lighting, signage and infrastructure. Mulherin said that they have already been working nonstop with the mayor and Greg Caffey, Alton's director of development and housing, on the prospects since the purchase. So far, they’ve had great cooperation with the city and he doesn’t expect that to change, Mulherin said. And Walker said that they wouldn't want to impede the region's retail upswing. According the Illinois Institute of Rural Affairs, Alton's retail income rose more than 3 percent each year from 2013 to 2015 (the last year they have complete records for). "We're really taking off as a destination for eating, drinking and shopping," said Walker, who only sees that escalating as the state-of-the-art Alton Multimodal Transportation Center, a bullet train from Alton to Chicago, opens this summer in a location that was once a small decrepit 90-year-old station. Walker was tongue-tied as he struggled to remember all the new restaurants and hotels opening in the region in anticipation of a boom. This can't help but bolster the case for Hull's request for tax incentives, even as the case for the mall's revival looks more viable. Without the funds, Mulherin said, “The property would become this 60-acre millstone around the neck of every other property in that corridor.” He said no one wants this redevelopment effort to fail, because “blight begets blight.” That’s one of the main reasons for demolishing the nearly 180,000-square-foot Macy’s skeleton, even though it accounts for more than 25 percent of the mall’s footprint. “Failed malls generally have a perception problem, whether it’s true or not, it’s of safety,” Mulherin said his company’s answer to that perception is “stabilization and transformation.” Macy’s was the cornerstone of the mall, so its vacancy left an unwelcome eyesore. Destroying it gives the property a 14.5 acre blank canvas. Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher He said it will instantly become the most attractive retail space in the area, and the largest. It also has a desirable location facing Homer Adams Parkway. Tearing down the building, he said, clears the way for retailers looking to build smaller 25,000- to 30,000-square-foot facilities, including free-standing restaurants, grocery stores and home goods sellers. The first community movie theater in nearly 20 years is slated to be housed in the vacant Sears space. Walker said the community has been lobbying for a new theater since the last venue closed in 1998. The blockbuster "Titanic" was on the marquee, he said. Shops scattered along the largely vacant second floor will be relocated downstairs. Once there, that space will be at 100 percent occupancy and that floor will become its own self-contained single level mall. The empty upstairs will no longer be dozens of smaller spaces, but instead three to four “junior anchors,” smaller stores with destination appeal like arts and crafts or home furnishings. Those will have separate exterior entrances facing North Alby Street. Mulherin said the mall owners never had any illusions that anyone would fill the vacancies left by Macy’s or dozens of smaller retailers that continue to be swallowed by the downward spiral of retail. But they were waiting for word that the Alton Square location of JCPenney wouldn’t be among the 140 store closures announced in February. “The reality nationwide is that there’s too much space and not enough retailers,” Mulherin said. “We’re grossly overbuilt in retail as a nation. I mean look: Walmart is even closing stores.” To that end, their policy of “stabilize, transform and reposition” has merit. To do it, Mulherin said that the privately held company remains very disciplined. Empty storefronts are treated with the utmost care. “You know what a pulled down gate and a “for lease” sign says,” Mulherin asked. “What that says is failure.” Instead, of filling it with the first retailer or business looking for cheap space, the company said they’d rather wait for the right fit. In the meantime, they drywall over the space instead and put up historic images of the community. He says it helps bust the perception of failure, instead customers see an exhibit. “You have to orchestrate the experience,” Mulherin said.  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Debra Bass Debra D Bass John Mulherin Commerce Building Industry Economics Debra D. Bass Debra D. Bass is fashion editor for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Debra D. Bass Close Get email notifications on Debra D. Bass daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Debra D. Bass posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Debra D. Bass Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Nicklaus: Used car prices signal end to new-car sales boom Detroit man: I almost froze to death, and Gorsuch didn’t care Frontier Airlines to double service between St. Louis and Denver MSD, city launch program to tear down old houses for green space Chase Park Plaza Hotel to be sold Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Undoing Clean Power Plan could mean short-term savings, long-term uncertainty for Mo. utilities Alton mall to lose giant appendage and gain a movie theater Judge dismisses lawsuit challenging O'Fallon, Mo., trash contract Amazon tests grocery pickup service in Seattle Wells Fargo to pay $110 million to settle fake account lawsuit Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Sample award-winning wines from across the region paired with dishes from top area restaurants at Feast’s wine social. Help a Variety kid Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Politics Education Sports Community Columnists Angie Brown Bob Mount Bob Sanders Jody Fuller Hardy Jackson Meet the Columnists Opinions Editorial Board Letter to the Editor Calendar Obituaries Legals Weather Contact Us Search Opelika Spared, But Frigid Temps Remain Massive fire at abandoned textile mill on First Avenue Alabama Office Supply celebrates 70 years Ben Hand selected as one of Alabama’s 10 ‘Best Criminal Lawyers For Client Satisfaction’ Former Observer columnist honored as outstanding journalist Fire alert issued for Lee and surrounding counties Mayor, city council celebrate Character Day in Opelika Miles Thomas inducted into Alabama Pharmacy Hall of Fame 22nd biannual ‘Wine on the Tracks’ slated for Oct. 7 Restoring Ross Welcome to the new Opelika Observer website Tuesday, March 28, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Opelika Observer Home Politics Education Sports Community Columnists Angie Brown Bob Mount Bob Sanders Jody Fuller Hardy Jackson Meet the Columnists Opinions Editorial Board Letter to the Editor Calendar Obituaries Legals Weather Contact Us Home Column Tailgate Memories Column Jody Fuller Tailgate Memories By opelikaobserver - March 28, 2017 0 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Special to the Opelika Observer Sunday afternoon, I found myself sitting in the bed of Loretta, Lucy’s 1978 Ford pickup truck. While sitting in the bed was nice, it didn’t stir up a lot of memories. On the other hand, sitting on the tailgate and on the side certainly conjured up days gone by. When I was kid, we spent a lot of time in the backs of trucks, and it wasn’t exactly safe, either. It wasn’t cool to sit on the hump above the tire. We used to ride down the road while sitting on the tailgate, and I don’t mean just piddling along. We’re talking 35-45 MPH. Sometimes if we hit a bump, our feet would drag on the road. My cheap, thin-soled shoes, known as “pie crusts” to the local kids of my era, didn’t last too long. Even more dangerous than that was when we sat on the side of the truck while it was in motion. What were the grownups thinking? We survived, hence the good memories. It was just a different time. As toddlers, barely able to walk, we’d walk around inside the car as it was going 55 MPH down the interstate. My dad lived in Montgomery, and I remember the speed limit capping out at 55. We didn’t wear seatbelts. I was in the backseat most of the time. Sometimes I was lying underneath the back window. If my mama slammed on the brakes, I just rolled. My brother, who was sitting or standing in the passenger seat, got the extended arm from her. It always seemed to have worked. She even passed down that mama-reflex down to me. My dog gets it all the time. While sitting in the bed didn’t stimulate memories of yesteryear, it did create new ones, such as Lucy spraying me with sunscreen after pulling it directly from the cooler. I hadn’t hollered like that since the morning in 2004 when I woke up in Iraq with a mouse on my face. You see, that’s a memory. The radio in the truck is somewhat challenged, so I backed up my SUV, popped the tailgate, and tuned in to my favorite country music radio station, although it can sometimes be hard to find country music, even on country radio, but that’s a different story altogether. We fired up the grill and cooked a handful of Nathan’s hot dogs. Those are the best darn store-bought hot dogs anywhere. I like to cook them to where they are almost burned. When topped with mustard, kraut, cheese, Wickles Pickles relish, and fresh onions from George’s Farmers Market, well, it might just be the best darn hot dog, period. Lucy picked at me for washing my plate. It wasn’t just any plate; it was a fancy coated paper plate. I barely got it dirty, and I didn’t even lick it. I just made my hot dog carefully. I wanted all the toppings in my belly. Lucy got real hot and decided to take a dip in the pool. No, we don’t have a fancy salt water pool. We don’t have a traditional rectangular pool, and we don’t even have one of those high-dollar above-the-ground pools. Nope, not us. We have a $9 kiddie pool from Walmart. “You can’t hide class,” my uncle always says. We like it, and so do the dogs. Next week, we’ll be jumping through a sprinkler. Talk about memories. Most of the afternoon was spent on or around Loretta’s tailgate. It was nothing fancy. It was simple, sweet, silly, and so much fun. We thanked God for all the blessings in our lives, including our faith, family, friends, freedom, food, fancy coated paper plates, and this second chance at making lifelong memories. Jody Fuller is from Opelika. He is a comic, speaker, writer and soldier with three tours of duty in Iraq. He is also a lifetime stutterer. He can be reached at jody@jodyfuller.com. For more information, please visit www.jodyfuller.com. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleOHS announces its next head football coach Next articleInside the Statehouse opelikaobserver RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Ann Cipperly Mother, daughters enjoy cooking, gardening, arts Bob Mount Quiz on Politics Column Inside the Statehouse Column OHS Sports Roundup Column Inside the Statehouse Ann Cipperly Keep a chicken casserole in the freezer for hectic days LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Recent Posts Mother, daughters enjoy cooking, gardening, arts Quiz on Politics Inside the Statehouse Tailgate Memories OHS announces its next head football coach Recent Comments bill carney on Opelika Main Street names Carla Nelson as new director CCC on Facing the fallout Phyllis Cooper on IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR SPECTRUM CHANNEL LINEUP Hank Womble on Virtual reality arcade to open downtown Lori Leopard on Reid Pope to retire Oct. 31 Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 Categories Alison James Ann Cipperly Bita Bullet Bob Mount Bob Sanders Cliff McCollum Column Community Editorial Board Education Events Featured Gillis Morgan Hardy Jackson Jody Fuller Karlene Turkington Legals Letter to the Editor Obituaries Opinions Politics Schools Slider Sports Steve Flowers Uncategorized Weather Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org The Opelika Observer is a news source owned and operated by local people for local people in Opelika. Founded in 2008 by a group of Opelika business leaders, the Opelika Observer's mission is to provide in-depth coverage of local news that matters to Opelika. Contact us: editor@opelikaobserver.com Disclaimer Privacy Contact Us © 2016 Opelika Observer MORE STORIES Mother, daughters enjoy cooking, gardening, arts March 28, 2017 Quiz on Politics March 28, 2017 Inside the Statehouse March 28, 2017
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Cops bust drug and money-laundering operation I-45 will see major upgrades after highways get $9 billion boost High-profile restaurant group seeking bankruptcy protection Face-tattooed gang member gets 15 years in prison Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History 3,493 pot plants seized in Brazoria County drug bust SWAT responds after Houston man barricaded in attic with gun Harris County commissioners exchange words over bail bond lawsuit Houston's India House honors man who intervened in Kansas bar US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Lamborghini driver in homicide case blames drug results on #TrumpTruck memes take over the Internet after photo of Trump in More than 40,000 counterfeit condoms confiscated by CBP, ICE Super Sunday, an only-in-New Orleans tradition, marked by Mardi Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Lady Eagles avenge lone district loss against Crosby Cougars continue their win streak with victory over Incarnate James Harden's triple double not enough to help Rockets defeat Wildcats take advantage of Cy-Ranch's mistakes in district Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Hopdoddy to open third Houston location The Motley Fool: Confusing drop in stock Anheuser-Busch InBev plans to end use of coal-fueled power El Pollo Loco opens Spring location A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Demi Lovato shows off her impressive twerking skills at the gym Hopdoddy expands it Houston footprint Trump Tower T-shirt fail has us all doing double takes Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Upcoming Houston wine events Need to find your next crawfish feast? There's an app for that "Dreamgirls" and the color purple take center stage for TUTS' Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/article/Twinkies-ride-America-s-healty-eating-trend-11033426.php Twinkies ride America's healthy-eating trend Craig Giammona, Bloomberg Published 11:36 am, Tuesday, March 28, 2017 Healthy eating has become an obsession. Soft-drink sales are slumping, salt is getting tossed from food, and kale is on the menu at McDonald's. And yet the Twinkie, that icon of indulgence, is on a tear. For many otherwise healthy-eating American millennials, Twinkies have become food nostalgia. Nine months of forced disappearance from store shelves sharpened appetites for the golden sponge cake filled with fluffy cream, and after two bankruptcies, the 2013 acquisition of the Hostess Brands Inc. snack-cake business by a pair of private equity firms put the company back on the road to solvency. ''For as much as millennials bring us challenges, they also have a belief that you only live once and you should enjoy yourself," Bill Toler, chief executive officer of the Kansas City, Missouri-based Hostess, said in an interview. "They believe in a license to indulge." In opinion surveys, Americans rank stealthy eating right up there with healthy. While 75 percent told NPR last year they were eating wholesome food, another report, from the Boston Consulting Group and IRI, found that indulgence was a top food trend, alongside nutrition. Hostess was ranked second among growth leaders for midsize companies, behind Greek yogurt company Chobani. Sweet and salty "Unhealthy products remain popular," said Krishnakumar Davey, president of strategic analytics at IRI. "The popularity of nutritious snacks is surging, but so are sales of ice cream or salty snacks." A big beneficiary is Twinkies, Hostess' golden child. One cake is 130 calories and 14.5 grams of sugar, compared with a Coke that has 140 calories and 39 grams of sugar. Apollo Global Management LLC and C. Dean Metropoulos & Co. bought Hostess for $410 million and hopped on the wave of Twinkie-love at just the right moment. Being without Twinkies and other Hostess products like Ho Hos and Ding Dongs in 2012 and 2013 unleashed a wave of sentimentality, driving fans a little bit mad. "My wife ran out and bought eight boxes of Twinkies," said John Stanton, a professor of food marketing at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia. "Hostess got a shot in the arm by not being there." The cream-filled sponge cake is such a cultural icon that Yoan Moncada, a Cuban-born baseball prospect for the Chicago White Sox, gobbled as many as 85 of them in a week, according to ESPN The Magazine. Popularity cost Twinkies' new popularity came at a cost. The Hostess bankruptcy enabled the private equity buyers to start over with a fraction of a workforce that once numbered about 8,000 at several bakeries across the country. Their reconstituted company now has 1,350 employees and three baking facilities. Now, one automated production line staffed by 10 employees in Emporia, Kansas, can produce 95 percent of the iconic cakes. Apollo declined to comment. The changes have helped produce some of the best profit margins in the food industry, just shy of what the ruthless cost-cutters of 3G Capital Inc. have posted since taking over Kraft Heinz Foods Co. with the help of Warren Buffett in 2015. Apollo and Metropoulos took Hostess public in November, and shares have jumped 23 percent so far in 2017. Sales surged 13 percent last year. The company has carved out 12 percent of the market for packaged cakes, cutting into the sales of industry leader McKee Foods Corp., the maker of Little Debbie products, according to Euromonitor data. Tweaked recipe Metropoulos, the firm that revitalized Pabst Blue Ribbon beer, tweaked the recipe for Twinkies, doubling the product's shelf life to about 60 days, according to Toler. The change helped Hostess switch its distribution system to a lower-cost model, and allowed it to ship more products to smaller, more remote stores. About 70 percent of the company's sales come at a combination of Wal-Mart locations, dollar-store chains and convenience stores -- not the typical domain of coastal millennials driving healthy-food trends. "Those customers aren't as sensitive," Toler said. Hostess isn't completely ignoring wellness concerns. Its new whole-grain muffins qualify as "smart snacks" for the federal school food program, and it's removing trans fats from its products. But a glance at the new products the company rolled out in 2016 makes it plain Hostess is betting on frozen Deep Fried Twinkies and Twinkies ice cream. Dean Metropoulos, founder of the investment firm, recently said Hostess was "absolutely committed to participating as other companies do with the trends of wellness." That pledge came with a caveat. "But we don't see that as depriving Americans from having a great ice cream and a great Twinkie," he said. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Cops bust drug and money-laundering operation I-45 will see major upgrades after highways get $9 billion boost High-profile restaurant group seeking bankruptcy protection Face-tattooed gang member gets 15 years in prison The Lead Thousands of marijuana plants seized in Brazoria County SWAT responds after Houston man barricaded in attic with gun Watch the Astros' Carlos Correa hit grounders to his puppy Houston vet left behind final words before suicide Mayor responds after telling councilman, 'Speak up, boy' Police: man passed out, left son outside adult movie store Texas star shows off incredible twerking abilities Florida's 'Toxic Tush' plastic surgeon sentenced to 10 years DePinho is now one of MD Anderson's top paid professors Zoo for sale for $7 million (animals included!) HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Houston Symphony to play 'Jurassic Park' and Prince DPS seeks for info, offers reward in bizarre homicide Ike Dike gets support of Texas Senate The US' newest helicopter is super expensive You can ride a real tank on this South Texas ranch The cost of America's expensive fighter jets Rodeo concerts from worst to first The best 100 photos from the 2017 rodeo Five TV shows that are ending forever this week The most popular HBO shows in every state Is your favorite show getting renewed? More Business News Hopdoddy to open third Houston location Anheuser-Busch InBev plans to end use of coal-fueled power El Pollo Loco opens Spring location Energy Crossing II office building goes platinum on efficiency Craft brewers gain market share even as growth slows Chipotle purges preservatives in bid to renew foodie image Most Read 1 Treadsack restaurant group seeking bankruptcy protection 2 Alvin Zoo for sale near Houston for $7 million (animals... 3 Florida's 'Toxic Tush' fake booty enhancement plastic surgeon... 4 Face-tattooed Tango Blast gang member sentenced to 15 years... 5 Eminem's daughter Hailie is all grown now and her life is unreal 6 Veterinarian accused in murder-for-hire left notes before... 7 Why Texas police want you to put ICE on your phone 8 Pasadena mayor to Hispanic councilman: "Speak up, boy" 9 Texas boosts highway funding nearly $9 billion, including I-45... 10 Pasadena mayor: 'Speak up, boy' comment not racist Small Business How to Size Photos for Cell Phones What Are Variable Manufacturing Costs? What Are Initial Business Planning Ideas? What Is a Night Shift? How to Send Outlook Appointments as a Text View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Woman Dressed As Target Employee, Stole $40K In iPhones Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Woman Dressed As Target Employee, Stole $40K In iPhones Image courtesy of Mike Mozart March 28, 2017 10:24 am EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler cellphones Fake Employees behaving badly heist impersonating employees retail store target theft A Target store in Virginia is missing more than $40,000 worth of iPhones after police say a woman masquerading as an employee simply walked out of the store with the devices. The Fairfax County Police Department is investigating the theft of dozens of iPhones after a woman entered the Alexandria Target store this week and made off with quite the haul. Police say the woman entered the store on March 15 and was captured on security camera wearing the uniform of a Target mobile employee — a black polo and khakis. She then made her way to a back stock room, filled a box with more than $40,000 worth of iPhones, and left the store. While the woman is not believed to be a current or former employee of the store, she apparently did her homework: Authorities say she was familiar with store procedures, employee hours, and knew where the iPhones were kept. Anyone with more information of the incident is asked to call Fairfax County police at 703-691-2131. Thieves impersonating retail employees to make off with expensive goods isn’t a new phenomenon, but the recent heist is shockingly similar to an Oct. 2015 theft of $50,000 cellphones. Police say that on at least two occasions the man — who may have been a former employee of the retail chain — walked into two separate stores pretending to be a Target Mobile representative in order to gain access to an inventory locker full of cellphones. Before the big phone heists, a man allegedly posed as a Walmart employee in Dallas in order to steal four Samsung televisions. Authorities say the man, wearing a vest and employee badge, walked straight to the store’s stockroom, loaded up a hand truck with thousands of dollars worth of smart TVs and walked out the door to a waiting Nissan vehicle. March 28, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler cellphones Fake Employees behaving badly heist impersonating employees retail store target theft Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Fake Employees behaving badly Police: Man Stole $50,000 In Cellphones From Two Target Stores By Impersonating Employee Walmart's Worst Employee Contender Long-Time Walmart Employee Charged With Stealing $240K From Store Over Two-Year Period preventing the scam Walmart Employee Stops Elderly Couple From Losing $2,500 To “Grandparents Scam” off target Former Deputy Charged In Shoplifting Incidents That Got Target Worker Fired well that seems excessive Burning Down The Mall Because You Can’t Find A Shopping Cart Joins Long List Of Customer Overreactions Previous Uber Leaves Denmark Over New Taxi Law Next Comcast May Launch Streaming Service For Cord-Cutters Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Comcast May Launch Streaming Service For Cord-Cutters Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Opinion Justice confirmation should be delayed: Letters President Trump and Russia President Putin DON EMMERT / AFP/Getty Images President Trump and Russia President Putin (DON EMMERT / AFP/Getty Images) President Trump and Russia President Putin (DON EMMERT / AFP/Getty Images) (DON EMMERT / AFP/Getty Images) Privacy Policy Hold up on Gorsuch Neil Gorsuch may be qualified to be a U.S. Supreme Court justice. He should not become one right now. When Republicans refused to give Merrick Garland a hearing, though he was suggested by Republican Sen. John McCain as a candidate, they stated their opinion — loudly — that there are situations in which a president’s Supreme Court nomination should not be considered. The fact that President Obama was in the last year of his term was cited as such a situation. The current situation, in which the president and his advisers are being investigated for collusion with a foreign government to subvert our electoral process, is far more serious. Until the investigation is complete and the president has been cleared of any wrongdoing, his nomination to the Supreme Court must be put on hold. Lorelle Anderson Sanford Stats just distract from broader issue Wednesday’s opinion page was interesting. Josh Hoxie, director of the Project on Taxation and Opportunity at the ultra-liberal Institute for Policy Studies, makes his argument that, as his headline states, “Undocumented immigrants more than pay their way.” As liberals always do, he dumps a couple pounds of statistics on the reader, hoping that he or she isn’t interested enough to either check for accuracy or consider the broader issue. In this case, Hoxie does a good job of illustrating one side (only one side) of the equation but omits any mention of the costs that undocumented immigrants generate as well. His primary source? The “nonpartisan Institute on Taxes and Economic Policy.” Nonpartisan? I’ll let you investigate that claim, but suffice to say it is one of the “go-to” stat generators for liberals seeking to get into your wallet (assuming you pay taxes). Of course, mixed in with this left-oriented work of propaganda is the requisite hit job on the new president, mentioning that many uninvited immigrants pay more (tax rate percentage) than President Trump does. The relevance of that is left to the reader to decide. I can find no credible study that puts the “balance sheet” for government payments to unauthorized immigrants in the “black.” None. Hoxie likely knows this, but, being a good liberal, he ignores that altogether. And so, his headline goes beyond misdirection; it’s dishonest. Linda Smith Casselberry Billboard must go Elected representatives will not be re-elected when they fail to represent the will of those who elect them. All it takes to achieve this is a leader and facts. Members of the Seminole County Commission should carefully consider this if they allow the unsightly billboard, now in ruins, at the entrance to the Lake Forest community to be repaired rather than removed. Some years ago, I was a major leader in opposing the building of a Wal-Mart store next to Lake Forest. The commission, in a final hearing packed to overflowing by residents and news media, responded with foresight and courage and denied Wal-Mart's request. The commission should consider any individual's motivation to "teach the Lake Forest residents a lesson" sour grapes, and follow the law, regardless of any personal relationships with the involved parties. Hopefully, they will. Gene McKay Sanford Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Undocumented Immigrants U.S. Supreme Court John McCain Donald Trump Barack Obama Merrick Garland Republican Party All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 70°
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Iconic Tour How three Michigan students turned a class project into $3 million Ashley McHugh-Chiappone, special to CNBC.com 17 Hours Ago SHARES College students don't typically enjoy the annual scramble to find a place to live. Sifting through exorbitant amounts of inaccurate listings with little to no pictures, contacting landlords who provide useless or no responses, all to end up viewing properties that are often in shambles. It's this kind of frustration that has often served as inspiration for successful start-ups — think Uber and young Travis Kalanick's displeasure with car services in San Francisco. Something similar stoked the entrepreneurial imagination of Tim Jones and his Cribspot co-founders. As University of Michigan students and friends, they struggled to find viable college housing. Cribspot was born out of an entrepreneurship class to streamline the rental process for university students. Jones and his co-founders — Jason Okrasinski and Evan Dancer — launched Cribspot in the fall of 2012 in Ann Arbor, Michigan, each of them turning down other job offers that would have sent them to different areas of the country. "We wanted to build a tenant-facing brand that tenants really love," said Jones. Cribspot launched after receiving an $11,000 grant from the University of Michigan and a $40,000 award from winning Detroit's TechWeek. Originally, the application served as a search engine for college housing listings on seven different campuses, aimed at helping bridge the information gap between tech-savvy millennials and the archaic off-campus student housing process. The company quickly grew and expanded to 170 campuses nationwide with the help of Y Combinator, a company that provides funding for new start-ups. Now Cribspot is going well beyond the original model, taking on the broader rental and property-management market. The start-up has raised $2.9 million in three venture capital rounds, with the largest investments from Huron River Ventures, Hyde Park Venture Partners and First Step Fund. Throughout their growth the co-founders — now 26 — realized that in order to compete with other real estate applications and services, they needed to change the way consumers access the housing market. "It's very difficult for people to change the way they go about the [housing] process, [so we] decided the best way to do that was to take all of it in-house and do it ourselves," Jones said. "It's very difficult for people to change the way they go about the [housing] process, [so we] decided the best way to do that was to take all of it in-house and do it ourselves." -Tim Jones, Cribspot co-founder Cribspot rebranded as a modernized property manager, using advanced technology to handle the rental process from start to finish and narrowing its focus to three cities instead of the previous, nationwide college campus model. Its three locations reflect its Midwestern college town roots: Ann Arbor, where it launched; East Lansing, Michigan; and Columbus, Ohio. The start-up plans to expand to more locations this year. In June 2015 the start-up began to manage its first properties. Now it offers virtual tours, online applications and online payment services designed to alleviate the hassle and stress often associated with the real estate rental process. VR, in particular, removes the requirement that potential renters travel to view a listing. Additionally, groups of people no longer need to be coordinated for a showing. The technology also results in more efficient maintenance services by letting contractors access off-site properties through virtual reality and identify consumer complaints. "This is the kind of thing software is meant to disrupt," said Tim Streit, managing director at Huron River Ventures and Cribspot investor. Cribspot's message personally resonated with Streit, who experienced the housing struggle firsthand when he bought a property and then sold it because the time commitment became too extensive. Had Cribspot been available at that time, he would have immediately utilized it, Streit says. He is not alone. "I got into student housing like most people do — by buying a house in the college town I lived in and then realizing I wanted to own three to four more," said Sam Hogg, East Lansing property owner and Cribspot partner. "Then, also like most people do, I realized that being a professional landlord really requires owning 25-plus properties, and I didn't have the bandwidth or desire to grow that much." show chapters Zillow CEO: 'Sea change' in housing as millennials are buying    Wednesday, 2 Nov 2016 | 11:09 AM ET | 03:00 The leading real estate information platform, Zillow — which has a market cap of $4 billion — generated $32 million of its $232 million in revenue from its "other real estate services" division in the fourth quarter last year, which includes the StreetEasy and Naked Apartments rental listings sites that it acquired for $50 million and $13 million, respectively. Cribspot isn't the only independent start-up left trying to mend the fractured housing market via technology. Far from it. Start-up colossus Airbnb — which just received $1 billion in another round of venture capital, valuing the company at $30 billion — is moving further from its short-term listings core mission and into areas including property management. Abodo has raised $8 million, though primarily as a search engine aimed at more affluent renters searching for upscale apartments. LoftSmart, an online apartment search engine and Y Combinator-backed start-up, has raised more than $1.7 million. The trend is also going global. India-based Azuro, an online property management service, has raised $11 million from Mumbai Angel Venture Mentors, Kae Capital and White Unicorn Ventures. More from iCONIC: How Reed Hastings went from zero to $60 billion How one entrepreneur made millions saying no to Wal-Mart The CEO-letter writer that Warren Buffett likes to read Cribspot is attempting to differentiate itself with a business model that works for both tenants and owners. Property owners that work with Cribspot take a hands-off approach, and tenants rarely even learn an owner's name. Requiring a flat rate of $40 per bedroom per month for a property, Cribspot is able to offer owners full property-managing amenities. Operating with a system that requires a landlord to have little to no contact with tenants can create its own set of problems — primarily from breakdowns in communication. To combat this, Cribspot is integrating artificial intelligence software in order to generate automated responses through the app to common renter concerns. In the almost five years since Cribspot launched, the co-founders have been surprised by the changes. "It's not exactly what I envisioned when we started," said Okrasinski, who has overseen numerous changes the app has made. "Our mission has stayed the same, just the path and how we're accomplishing that has changed." — By Ashley McHugh-Chiappone, special to CNBC.com To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search What is Google Wifi and how does the mesh router work? Elyse Betters28 March 2017Gadgets Google Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google introduced Google Wifi in the US at the end of 2016 and now its own broadband router is coming to the UK. It's a bit different to many other routers in that it can pair with other Google Wifi routers around the home to make a mesh network and therefore ensure better wireless internet connectivity. In addition, each base station looks like a Scandinavian-style, double-stacked hockey puck that Google described as a "visually subtle" disk. It's a far cry from the usual router brick. Here's everything you need to know about Google Wifi, including when and where you can buy it. What is Google Wifi? Google describes Google Wifi as a "Wi-Fi system that beams a powerful signal throughout your home". It is designed to be expandable, so you can use several of them in your home. It can also handle multiple devices, meaning you can stream in the living room and kitchen while someone games in the basement - and there should be no Wi-Fi congestion or a contest for bandwidth. How does the Google Wifi mesh network work? You basically put several of these routers (aka points) around your home to boost your network. You will get Wi-Fi signal everywhere, from your bathroom to your basement. Think of Google Wifi as an expandable system for better coverage. Instead of one router, multiple routers work together to deliver fast input throughout your home. It essentially offers mesh network-like coverage so avoids black spots in your connectivity. How many Google Wifi routers do you need? If you have a smaller home (up to 1,500 square feet), Google recommended that you start with a single Google Wifi router. You can add more points if you need more coverage. Google is offering a three-pack set that covers up to 4,500 square feet. What else can Google Wifi do? Google Wifi has a feature called Network Assist that allows it to actively manage and optimise your network behind the scenes so you don't have to adjust settings. Google Wifi handles networking automatically, picking channels, etc., and it keeps the signal strong in every corner of your house by transitioning your device to the best router for less congestion and better speed. Does Google Wifi come with an app? Yes. Although Google Wifi can optimise service without your input, you can still control it through a companion app. You can even manage several features, including the Wi-Fi access of your kids. As Google said, "You don't have to shut down the router, just go to the app and hit pause." When will Google Wifi be available? Google Wifi bundles available in the US through Google Store, Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart. It will also launch in the UK on 6 April, also through the Google Store, where you can currently join a waiting list. How much is Google Wifi? Google Wifi costs $129 in the States for one base station or $299 for three. UK pricing starts at £129 for the one Google Wifi base station. A pack of two will cost £229. Sections Gadgets Google What is Google Wifi and how does the mesh router work? Google Wifi router will arrive in the UK on 6 April Samsung CCP means you don't need a bank account to make contactless payments Pocket-lint Gadget Awards 2017 nominations open: We want to hear from you Popular In Gadgets On Pocket-lint What is Google Wifi and how does the mesh router work? Google Wifi router will arrive in the UK on 6 April Samsung CCP means you don't need a bank account to make contactless payments Pocket-lint Gadget Awards 2017 nominations open: We want to hear from you Future batteries, coming soon: Charge in seconds, last months and power over the air Tile Deal: Get money off the Bluetooth tracker What is Google Jamboard, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Lego is honouring the women of NASA with this cool new set New Raspberry Pi Zero W is just £9 and Wi-Fi and Bluetooth-loaded Boston Dynamics officially shows off 'nightmare-inducing' Handle robot What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Ikea goes after Philips Hue with own budget smart lighting collection Google Home review: A better voice assistant than Amazon Echo? Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: When is Galaxy Unpacked 2017 and can you watch it online? Huawei P10 Plus review: Plenty of plusses from Huawei's colourful 5.5-inch phone Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Best upcoming smartphones: The phones to look forward to in 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know How to turn on Apple's Night Shift mode and adjust the colour on Macs Quake Champions explained: Everything you should know about the return of the eSports king Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 9 °C Wednesday 29 March, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags compensation fined Fraud paying the price serious fraud office Tesco See other tags Tags Tesco to fork out €247 million over accounting scandal Tesco has reached a deal that will see the company avoid prosecution. By AFP Tuesday 28 Mar 2017, 11:55 AM 20 hours ago 12,478 Views 10 Comments http://jrnl.ie/3310776 Share34 Tweet Email5 Image: Matt Crossick/Empics Entertainment Image: Matt Crossick/Empics Entertainment SUPERMARKET TESCO HAS agreed to a fine and compensation costs totalling £214 million (€247 million) after an accounting scandal at Britain’s biggest retailer, the Serious Fraud Office said today. Under a deal struck with the SFO over an affair stretching back three years, Tesco will not face prosecution. However, charges have previously been brought against three former Tesco executives, who face trial over alleged fraud and false accounting. “Tesco… has in principle reached a deferred prosecution agreement with the UK Serious Fraud Office regarding historic accounting practice,” the supermarket giant said in a statement. This “is a voluntary agreement under which Tesco Stores Limited will not be prosecuted provided the business fulfils certain requirements, including paying a financial penalty of £129 million.” In addition, Tesco will compensate shareholders by around £85 million in total. Tesco had been accused of overstating profits by £326 million between February and September 2014. Following the incident, the company appointed outsider and former Unilever executive Dave Lewis to replace long-standing chief executive Philip Clarke and oversee a drastic restructuring of the group, which in recent years has also faced fierce competition in the UK from German-owned discount retailers Aldi and Lidl. “Over the last two and a half years, we have fully co-operated with this investigation into historic accounting practices, while at the same time fundamentally transforming our business,” Lewis said in the statement. “We sincerely regret the issues which occurred in 2014 and we are committed to doing everything we can to continue to restore trust in our business and brand.” Tesco is the world’s third-biggest supermarket group after France’s Carrefour and global leader and US giant Wal-Mart. © – AFP, 2017 Read: Flahavans fends off Dairy Milk and Tayto to claim top spot in vote for Ireland’s favourite food brand Read: ‘It’s very frustrating’ – Union not happy with Tesco anti-strike ad campaign Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: About the author AFP See more articles by AFP Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tesco-accounting-scandal-3310776-Mar2017/?embedpost=3310776&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tesco-accounting-scandal-3310776-Mar2017/?embedpost=3310776&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/tesco-accounting-scandal-3310776-Mar2017/?embedpost=3310776&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Tesco to fork out €247 million over accounting scandal”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Tesco to fork out €247 million over accounting scandal”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit COMMENTS (10) This is YOUR comments community. Stay civil, stay constructive, stay on topic. Please familiarise yourself with our comments policy here before taking part. write a comment Leave a commentcancel Log in with: Facebook Twitter Log out Logged in with Share Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Post Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Column: '"A Right To A Home" should be put to referendum' Mary Murphy Constitutional change is required to underpin key economic and social rights if Ireland is to get to grips with the significant crisis, writes Mary Murphy. Tom Clonan: Noirín O'Sullivan's performance in recent days is simply not credible Tom Clonan The only response to this appalling breach of trust is for those in charge to consider their positions, writes Dr Tom Clonan. Opinion: 'We don't need female traffic lights. We do need decent maternity pay' Lorraine Courtney An economic downturn isn’t an acceptable excuse for unfair treatment of pregnant women, writes Lorraine Courtney. Most Popular Today 1 Irish adults will be able to renew their passports online from Thursday 103,344  64 2 'Janey mac, that was a tight one': Ambulance called for Michael Healy-Rae after choking fit 64,038  59 3 Man who claimed he was falsely accused of not paying for a jambon pastry awarded €20,000 50,933  53 1 'At the start, I couldn't work out why people didn't want to buy something I thought was amazing' 1,776  0 2 Ulster Bank settles with manager accused of giving parents 10 times the normal savings rate 392  0 3 A Derry company is moving into the Irish electricity market with cut-price rates 219  0 1 As it happened: Ireland v Iceland, International friendly 63,758  26 2 Reilly to referee Mayo game for first time since controversial 2014 All-Ireland semi-final replay 34,674  40 3 Horgan impresses as four players earn first caps but Ireland suffer defeat to Iceland 28,188  43 1 Here's why Northside Shopping Centre is one of the most special places in Ireland 13,663  3 2 The cast of The Fresh Prince of Bel Air reunited for a photo on Carlton's Instagram... it's The Dredge 8,901  0 3 Zach Braff rowed in on the United Airline leggings controversy with a great Scrubs reference 7,358  3 Trending Tags PLANNING 'It simply won’t be affordable': New student rooms in Dublin will cost a minimum of €249 a week Travellers left outside Leinster House in the rain as Taoiseach recognises their ethnicity Dublin Airport is getting four new multi-storey office buildings PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing CRASH Air accident investigation launched after elderly man dies in light aircraft crash Female cyclist dies after being knocked off her bike by a lorry in Dublin 6 this afternoon Man dies following Waterford airplane crash COURTS Youth who kicked his mother in the head during assaults spared jail No extra jail time for double murderer who stabbed fellow inmate with stainless steel spoon Dalkey man who used Darknet to download 300 child abuse images avoids jail GARDAí More parents are using children to shoplift for them, according to retailers Tom Clonan: Noirín O'Sullivan's performance in recent days is simply not credible 'We have confidence in the Commissioner': Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil divided over garda scandal EU Signed, sealed and to be delivered tomorrow: May signs Article 50 letter triggering Brexit Poll: Do you think the EU is good for Ireland? Debate Room: Luke 'Ming' Flanagan and Nessa Childers debate the EU's merits ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Tesco to fork out €247 million over accounting scandal Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search What is Google Wifi and how does the mesh router work? Elyse Betters28 March 2017Gadgets Google Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google introduced Google Wifi in the US at the end of 2016 and now its own broadband router is coming to the UK. It's a bit different to many other routers in that it can pair with other Google Wifi routers around the home to make a mesh network and therefore ensure better wireless internet connectivity. In addition, each base station looks like a Scandinavian-style, double-stacked hockey puck that Google described as a "visually subtle" disk. It's a far cry from the usual router brick. Here's everything you need to know about Google Wifi, including when and where you can buy it. What is Google Wifi? Google describes Google Wifi as a "Wi-Fi system that beams a powerful signal throughout your home". It is designed to be expandable, so you can use several of them in your home. It can also handle multiple devices, meaning you can stream in the living room and kitchen while someone games in the basement - and there should be no Wi-Fi congestion or a contest for bandwidth. How does the Google Wifi mesh network work? You basically put several of these routers (aka points) around your home to boost your network. You will get Wi-Fi signal everywhere, from your bathroom to your basement. Think of Google Wifi as an expandable system for better coverage. Instead of one router, multiple routers work together to deliver fast input throughout your home. It essentially offers mesh network-like coverage so avoids black spots in your connectivity. How many Google Wifi routers do you need? If you have a smaller home (up to 1,500 square feet), Google recommended that you start with a single Google Wifi router. You can add more points if you need more coverage. Google is offering a three-pack set that covers up to 4,500 square feet. What else can Google Wifi do? Google Wifi has a feature called Network Assist that allows it to actively manage and optimise your network behind the scenes so you don't have to adjust settings. Google Wifi handles networking automatically, picking channels, etc., and it keeps the signal strong in every corner of your house by transitioning your device to the best router for less congestion and better speed. Does Google Wifi come with an app? Yes. Although Google Wifi can optimise service without your input, you can still control it through a companion app. You can even manage several features, including the Wi-Fi access of your kids. As Google said, "You don't have to shut down the router, just go to the app and hit pause." When will Google Wifi be available? Google Wifi bundles available in the US through Google Store, Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart. It will also launch in the UK on 6 April, also through the Google Store, where you can currently join a waiting list. How much is Google Wifi? Google Wifi costs $129 in the States for one base station or $299 for three. UK pricing starts at £129 for the one Google Wifi base station. A pack of two will cost £229. Sections Gadgets Google What is Google Wifi and how does the mesh router work? Google Wifi router will arrive in the UK on 6 April Samsung CCP means you don't need a bank account to make contactless payments Pocket-lint Gadget Awards 2017 nominations open: We want to hear from you Popular In Gadgets On Pocket-lint What is Google Wifi and how does the mesh router work? Google Wifi router will arrive in the UK on 6 April Samsung CCP means you don't need a bank account to make contactless payments Pocket-lint Gadget Awards 2017 nominations open: We want to hear from you Future batteries, coming soon: Charge in seconds, last months and power over the air Tile Deal: Get money off the Bluetooth tracker What is Google Jamboard, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Lego is honouring the women of NASA with this cool new set New Raspberry Pi Zero W is just £9 and Wi-Fi and Bluetooth-loaded Boston Dynamics officially shows off 'nightmare-inducing' Handle robot Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: When is Galaxy Unpacked 2017 and can you watch it online? Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Ikea goes after Philips Hue with own budget smart lighting collection Huawei P10 Plus review: Plenty of plusses from Huawei's colourful 5.5-inch phone Google Home review: A better voice assistant than Amazon Echo? What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Samsung Galaxy S8 specs fully revealed Best upcoming smartphones: The phones to look forward to in 2017 Quake Champions explained: Everything you should know about the return of the eSports king How to turn on Apple's Night Shift mode and adjust the colour on Macs Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Health People Food Beaches Puzzles Family Fashion Home & Garden Travel Best of OC Pets Halloween San Clemente family upset, suing over the condition of L.A. diocese-run cemetery Nonprofit Orange County dental clinic expands anesthesia services for kids Costa Mesa officials recommend ways to keep sober living residents from ending up homeless Are the air bags in your vehicle safe from exploding? Ducks clinch playoff berth, beat Canucks to extend win streak to 5 games Angels' Cameron Maybin doesn't let slow spring affect confidence Lakers crumble in fourth quarter of 119-108 loss to Wizards Clint Dempsey, Christian Pulisic star again as U.S. ties Panama, 1-1 Prop. 13 reform key to affordable housing, policy expert tells Realtors Developer FivePoint buys naming rights to Irvine's Great Park ice complex The Ritz in Newport Beach is sold; closure planned for Thursday Orange County real estate market 'insanely hot,' but here's why you can't find a house Can Disneyland eliminate standing in line? How to solve Disneyland's stroller problem Coachella outfits: 7 T-shirts to wear to 2017 festival What you need to know about WonderCon 2017 in Anaheim this weekend Top news Home Marla Jo Fisher: I like saying 'no' to my kids March 28, 2017 Updated 7:04 p.m. 1 of 2 Frumpy Middle-aged Mom draws the line at iguanas or other reptiles as pets. (File photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG) 1 of 2 Buddy the Wonder Dog came along after the Frumpy Middle-aged Mom got tired of saying, “No, we're not getting a dog.” (Photo by Marla Jo Fisher, Orange County Register/SCNG) View slideshow Frumpy Middle-aged Mom draws the line at iguanas or other reptiles as pets. (File photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG) By MARLA JO FISHER / STAFF COLUMNIST mfisher@ocregister.com Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF One of the nice things about being an older mom is that I never felt it necessary to care whether or not my kids liked me. I have plenty of adult friends (though, sadly, none with money.) I don’t need my kids to be my buddies. They’re my progeny. My living legacy. My blessing. My curse. They don’t also have to be my BFFs. This attitude has paid off in spades at least 10,244 times, when I’ve been able to say “No” to many things that approval-seeking younger moms could not. Sometimes, just because I was too tired and crabby to care. When you adopt two miniature humans at age 46 – the same age many of my peers were sending their kids to college – you find out just how tired you can become and still stand up and form the words, “Stop that. Stop it now.” I’ve said “No” to a wide variety of proposed ventures and schemes over the past 15 years, sometimes with gusto, and sometimes with regret. But if you read child-rearing handbooks, (which I do not recommend as they only make you feel like more of a failure), they will warn you authoritatively against saying “No” to your kids, because this damages their tender psyches. Instead, you should say “Yes,” but with a caveat. “Yes, you can have that ice cream, after we eat dinner.” This is good, and better than what I would tend to say, which is, “Get the hell out of the freezer, you’ve been staring into it for 20 minutes, all the ice is melting, and we’re about to eat.” Apparently, this is not a recommended way to communicate with the little darlings. But I enjoy saying “No,” in fact, it’s become rather a hobby of mine. Not as engrossing as, say, picking dog hair off my clothes, which is a full-time occupation, but still enjoyable. There have been many proposals over the years that I’ve said “no” to so fast it came out like a hiss, including pit bulls, reptiles, ant farms and guns. I was reluctantly talked into getting, first one dog, and then a second, even though I don’t actually even like dogs. I’m a cat person all the way. Before I agreed to get that first dog, I kept buying my daughter animatronic pet toys under the mistaken impression that a robotic dog would make her forget her longing for the real thing. This works about as well as eating a rice cake and telling yourself it’s German chocolate. But, after the first dog arrived, the word “No” could not come out of my mouth fast enough when both of my kids proposed that our second dog be a pit bull. Sorry if you are a pit bull lover, but, no. We went to the pound and got a fluffy white Maltipoo-looking creature, but, as a consolation prize to my son, named him Lil Wayne, after a notorious rapper. Over the years, I also shrieked “Nein!” whenever the subject of any kind of reptile came up, whether an iguana, a snake or tortoise. Ant farms only make me imagine what would happen when they inevitably get broken, sharing a fate along with every single wine glass I’ve ever owned, my favorite coffee mug and all my nice dinner plates. In general, I refuse to have any pet that’s incapable of loving me back. I’m just not interested in having a staring contest with an iguana, nor desperately trying to keep a stupid fish alive. This extends to furry creatures as well, including white rats and guinea pigs. I had house rats, they lived in my attic and it cost a lot of money and aggravation to have them exterminated. I’m not paying money to bring another one home. When I was a kid, my brother had a guinea pig, but all it ever did was eat, poop, wiggle its nose and look at you. That’s why I was talked into trying a dish called “cuy” (coo-ee) when I was in Peru, a great delicacy there that consists of … roasted guinea pig. Some of you are flinching right now and getting ready to write me hate mail, but here’s the thing: It was delicious. I didn’t go to Peru with the idea I’d eat a guinea pig, but, when you’re there, every Peruvian you meet asks you, “Have you tried cuy yet?” Eventually you feel you’re insulting their national honor by not giving it a shot. So I did my part for international relations, and I wish everything was that tasty. My kids are legal adults now, but they still live at home, and I’m still saying no to them. Sorry, dude. No motorcycle. No parties with drinking. Well, yes. When you’re 21. Hope you’re still my friend. Related Links Marla Jo Fisher: I might drown in a kayak soon A Wal-Mart employee lent me her own truck to get my $14 patio chairs home Marla Jo Fisher: 10 things my dog would say if he spoke English Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Del Taco near Disneyland among 4 restaurants closing in Orange County Orange County real estate market 'insanely hot,' but here's why you can't find a house Trump march in Huntington Beach turned into 30-minute violent brawl with 'a lot of people Finance executive accused of laundering $1 million-plus in funds embezzled by Placentia's Man arrested on suspicion of 2 separate stabbings in Costa Mesa Related Links Marla Jo Fisher: I might drown in a kayak soon A Wal-Mart employee lent me her own truck to get my $14 patio chairs home Marla Jo Fisher: 10 things my dog would say if he spoke English User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. San Clemente family upset, suing over the condition of L.A. diocese-run cemetery Nonprofit Orange County dental clinic expands anesthesia services for kids Costa Mesa officials recommend ways to keep sober living residents from ending up homeless Are the air bags in your vehicle safe from exploding? Ducks clinch playoff berth, beat Canucks to extend win streak to 5 games Angels' Cameron Maybin doesn't let slow spring affect confidence Lakers crumble in fourth quarter of 119-108 loss to Wizards Clint Dempsey, Christian Pulisic star again as U.S. ties Panama, 1-1 Prop. 13 reform key to affordable housing, policy expert tells Realtors Developer FivePoint buys naming rights to Irvine's Great Park ice complex The Ritz in Newport Beach is sold; closure planned for Thursday Orange County real estate market 'insanely hot,' but here's why you can't find a house Can Disneyland eliminate standing in line? How to solve Disneyland's stroller problem Coachella outfits: 7 T-shirts to wear to 2017 festival What you need to know about WonderCon 2017 in Anaheim this weekend Top news Education » Bomb threat forces evacuation of Martin Luther King High School Visitors at Laguna Beach schools will soon need a state or federal ID to get on campus Students get hands-on with quirky science activities at Santiago Canyon College BUSINESS » Developer FivePoint buys naming rights to Irvine's Great Park ice complex The Ritz in Newport Beach is sold; closure planned for Thursday Orange County real estate market 'insanely hot,' but here's why you can't find a house O.C. Watchdog » Twins, divided: The fate of mentally disabled husband heading to mediation Are criminals working at your mom's state-licensed care home? Part 1: Twins, divided: Is one man happily married or a victim of sexual abuse? Health Care » Will I lose my health insurance with the GOP plan? For millions in California, the answer is yes CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future ENTERTAINMENT » Can Disneyland eliminate standing in line? How to solve Disneyland's stroller problem Coachella outfits: 7 T-shirts to wear to 2017 festival Food » New alcohol delivery services by Postmates, Instacart and DoorDash are put to the test in Southern California Retail-restaurant roundup: Mini burgers coming to Aliso Viejo, a new pie shop in Seal Beach and Dudes' Brewing at Lot 579 Mixology contest: Who makes the best drink in San Clemente? TELEVISION » How a movie villain inspired TV prankster and magician Michael Carbonaro Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Shirley Chung or Brooke Williamson? Who is crowned Season 14 Top Chef winner Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Volunteers dance, sing to raise money for CHOC Children's Hospital CARTOONS » Cartoons: Repeal and replace MADNESS » Are you more or less mad in 2017? Here's a look at why SLIDESHOW » It's a sister act as 2 women restore historic Anaheim homes together CARTOONS » Cartoons: That's all folks! SLIDESHOW » Swallows parade returns to San Juan Capistrano Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
