Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Target Has Plans To Launch Their Own Mobile Payments Service By Tyler Lee on 01/25/2017 15:46 PST When Apple Pay was announced, retailers such as Walmart announced that they would not be offering the service at their locations. Instead what Walmart did was launch its own mobile payments service in the form of Walmart Pay, and it looks like Walmart might have inspired other retailers to follow suit. In a report from Recode, it seems that Target has confirmed that they have plans for their own mobile payments service. This is according to Target’s Chief Information and Digital Officer Michael McNamara who revealed the company’s plans to Recode at the National Retail Federation conference last week. At the moment details are a bit scarce, but McNamara revealed that the service will only be available to Target shoppers with a REDcard, or at least that will be the case at the start. For those unfamiliar, the REDcard is a debit/credit card for Target that offers up discounts and other perks when you use it at the store. With this move it is more than likely than Target will not be introducing Apple Pay anytime soon, or other mobile payment providers for that matter. However if you do want to use Apple Pay, note that you can use it when making purchases within Target’s app, just not in the stores. Filed in General. Read more about target. Related Articles 2016-08-04 Target Resumes Sales of Amazon Hardware After Four Years 2015-12-18 Target Rumored To Be Working On Own Mobile Payments Service 2015-11-23 Target Cyber Monday 2015 Will Last For The Entire Week 2015-10-25 Apple Watch Now Available From Target 2015-10-04 Apple Watch Sales At Target Start This Week Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Man Claims His MacBook Pro Saved Him From Taking A Bullet Energous’ ‘True’ Wireless Charging To Ship Later This Year Microsoft Sees A Future Where Augmented Reality Can Find Lost Keys Panasonic Takes Grocery Self-Checkouts To The Next Level Uber Publishes List On What Could Get You Banned From Its Service Amazon’s ‘The Grand Tour’ Might Be The Most Pirated TV Show Possible Star Wars: Episode VIII Title Revealed in Trademark Filing User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener CW Express Yourself Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 44° 44° Low 36° High 56° Sat 38° 57° Sun 42° 61° Mon 47° 70° See complete forecast You Know Walmart Is #Winning When They Start Selling Cars Posted 5:09 pm, January 25, 2017, by Shardae Neal Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video DALLAS -- Say what you want about Walmart, but the corporation has become a one-stop shop for all kinds of needs. You can get your nails done, bury your loved one, and pick up some bread and milk all at the same time. But wait. Walmart's now rolling out cars?! Honk twice if you saw this coming from a mile away? Wally-world says starting April 1, they'll be teaming up with online retailer Car Saver to save you major dough on your next auto purchase. Hey, it's just in time for tax refund season! Dallas and Houston residents will be some of the first to call dibs on Walmart's new service.   Related stories Kroger Is Hiring 10,000 Workers South Carolina Woman’s Reaction to Empty Walmart Bread Aisle Goes Viral ‘Study’ Claims Worst Walmart Stores Are In Minority, Poor Neighborhoods Filed in: NewsFix Topics: Walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Download The CW33 News App! Download your CW33 app in the App Store or Google Play — and check out all the new features! Popular Texas’ first Hurts Donut shop opens in Frisco Police: Dallas ISD Teacher Paid $28K to Cover Up Student Affair CowByes: Who Won’t Be Back Next Season for the Boys? Fox News Fires Stacey Dash & Twitter Loves It Latest News Holocaust survivor speaks on Remembrance Day Fashion Fix: Active Ego, Workout Gear for the Curvy! Chew on This: Stir Crazy Baked Goods Suspects accused of torturing man on Facebook Live receive death threats Watercooler Walmart Pulls ‘Suicide Scar’ Make-Up After Mental Health Outcry Watercooler Ohio Mom Gives Birth in Walmart Checkout Line National/World News Stranger Chokes 4-Month-Old Baby at Walmart NewsFix Collector Selling Off His Babies At Auto Auction NewsFix New Batch of Hatchimals Popping Up in North Texas Stores NewsFix Two Shoppers Killed in Black Friday Mayhem Class Acts Class Act: Adamson Senior Aims To Be A Master Technician NewsFix Law Would Make Breaking Car Windows Legal to Save a Life Watercooler DFW Nights: 10 No-So-Conventional Bachelor Party Ideas NewsFix LEGO’s BrickUniverse Heads to Dallas NewsFix Election Trump Card? How about a NASCAR Trump Car?! NewsFix Spice of Blythe: Car Fuel! Watercooler 5 Things Friday: What Are You Doing This Halloween Weekend in DFW? Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Letters to the Editor Contact Us About Us Subscribe to TYT Advertise With Us Friday 27 January, 2017 Mexican-American boxing promoter Oscar De La Hoya charged with DUI in California Peña Nieto and Trump agree not to talk about the wall temporarily Rodrigo Medina former governor of Nuevo León arrested pending trial on graft charges Alleged Sinaloa cartel boss arrested in Yucatan 5 Expat destinations where you can speak only English Home News Peninsula Merida Valladolid Beach Communities Yucatan Campeche Q. Roo Riviera Maya National International Crime Travel Lifestyle Expat Community Art and Culture Events Calendar Entertainment Yuca Planet Historic Yucatan Maya Universe Environment Wildlife Pets Real Estate House of the Week Business Business YucaTech Food and Drink Medical Tourism Specialists Hospitals Pharmaceutical Wellness Columns Directory Published On: Wed, Jan 25th, 2017 Business / Business-new / Headlines / International / Merida / News / Peninsula | By Yucatan Times New Walmart distribution center to bring thousands of jobs to Yucatan Share This Tags Yucatan is “in the sights” of Walmart, a commercial transnational company that has decided to invest $1.2 billion USD in the construction of distribution centers in the Peninsula to improve the supply of stores of five brands operating in the area. Yucatan would have at least one of these logistics centers. The moves are expected to generate about 10 thousand jobs in the region. The director of Corporate Communication Walmart Mexico and Central America, Antonio Ocaranza Fernandez, reported that the group has a line of five businesses: in Yucatan they already have 39 commercial spaces and this year they will open their store number 40 in Mérida, which will involve an investment of 3.4 billion pesos and more than 3,500 direct jobs. Walmart plans a new distribution center in Yucatan to improve supplies for its stores in the region. (PHOTO: sipse.com) This year they will begin to “probe” with local and municipal authorities the location of spaces for the installation of this infrastructure. Its objective is to exercise $1.2 billion USD in the next 10 years, and to generate 10 thousand jobs. With these logistics spaces, the aim is to reduce times and costs in the supply process. Ocaranza Fernández said that the company has a presence in the state through six brands: Sam’s Club, with three stores; Superama, one; Walmart, six; Bodegas Aurrera, ten; My Bodega Aurrerá, 11; Bodega Aurrerá Express, five, and Suburbia. He said that soon they will sell the country’s Suburbia stores to Liverpool, as in 2013 they did with the VIP’s and three other brands to Alsea, a consortium that manages some of the top food franchises. Its presence in Yucatán began in 1995 with the opening of the first price club, and the last one was a Walmart in the area of Altabrisa; Its presence in the entity grew significantly, 30 percent from 2012 to 2015, and during that time it opened 12 businesses. They have presence in 14 municipalities and do not rule out continuing to reach other areas. The investment project focuses on its logistics distribution network to supply its stores in the coming years in the area of the Peninsula, as they consider they will have a significant growth in the coming years. Source: sipse.com Mexico Travel Care Comments comments Related News Police arrest armed man after gunshots fired near U.S. Consulate in Merida Managing a “High – Risk” pregnancy in Mérida without panic Police investigate Merida ‘massacre’ threats on social networks “La Mamá”, 24-year-old female giraffe, dies at Merida’s Animaya Zoo Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) XHTML: You can use these html tags: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Yucatan "Ven por todo" KINUH Home Contact Us Headlines Local News DISCLAIMER All Rights Reserved The Yucatan Times 2014 This popup will close in: CLOSE New Walmart distribution center to bring thousands of jobs to Yucatan
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Governor signs bill banning abortion procedure; measure fails to make March primary permanent Hutchinson: Trump’s protectionist talk a concern; opposes school choice bill Bill would delay medical marijuana until legal nationwide House panel advances tax break for military retirees, removes planned tax hike on manufactured housing Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Northwest Arkansas sales tax revenue begins 2017 with an almost 11% increase Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers Arkansas tourism industry hopes to build off two-year ‘hot streak,’ may face some economic headwinds in 2017 Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Top management shifts at Sam’s Club to happen under incoming CEO Furner BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 2 days ago 2,077 views  Tags: Sam's Club 0 SHARES Share Tweet With Sam’s Club CEO Rosalind Brewer exiting the company Jan. 31, incoming CEO John Furner announced several shifts and management restructuring effective when the retailer’s new year begins Feb. 1. Gisel Ruiz will transition to the role of executive vice president of operations for Sam’s Club as Don Frieson, who has held that role since 2012, exits the company. Frieson said he is retiring from Sam’s Club and Wal-Mart where he has spent the past 18 years in executive roles from logistics and supply chain to regional operations for Walmart to working in Africa for two years integrating Massmart into Wal-Mart and most recently overseeing all operations for Sam’s Club in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Frieson made his retirement public with the following post on LinkedIn earlier this week: “As of January 31, 2017 I will retire after an 18 year career with Walmart. I’ve had the great fortune to work across the business supporting great associates in the Private Fleet, Logistics, Wal-Mart Stores division, Walmart International (South Africa) and Sam’s Club.” Karenann Terrell, chief information officer Walmart, credited Frieson with being an exceptional leader. “Retirement? You? You’ve got way too much game still left and the world needs your force for good right about now … I learned a ton about being a good associate and a good person from you. Act 2 coming up,” Terrell noted on the post. Terrell is also exiting the retail giant next month, but has yet to disclose her next move. Terrell will be replaced by Clay Johnson, chief information officer for G.E. Power. Gisel Ruiz will be executive vice president of operations for Sam’s Club effective Feb. 1. Furner sent a memo Jan. 13 to employees detailing several key management changes at Sam’s Club. The retailer shared that memo with Talk Business & Politics on Wednesday (Jan. 25). Furner is charged with growing Sam’s Club business while also taking care of its expanding member base ensuring the shopping experience from merchandise selection to seamless checkout continues to improve. The team lining up behind Furner has nearly 80 years of combined experience at Wal-Mart or Sam’s Club, and is also sprinkled with some new emerging talent. Ruiz, like Furner has grown up in Wal-Mart, after signing on to the retailer’s management training program almost 25 years ago. Ruiz spent the past two years out of the U.S. limelight as executive vice president for the International People Division at Wal-Mart, where she supported human resource efforts for more than a million employees in 26 countries. Prior to that, Ruiz was promoted to chief operations officer for Walmart U.S. working with Duncan MacNaughton in February 2012 at the same time Brewer was named CEO of Sam’s Club. Ruiz also had additional responsibilities of oversight of U.S. Asset Protection Real Estate and Store Innovations, under then Walmart U.S. CEO Bill Simon. Ruiz was replaced as chief operations officer for Walmart U.S. by Judith McKenna in December 2014 by Greg Foran, CEO of Walmart U.S. Ruiz is now moving back into operations, but this time on a smaller scale given that Sam’s Club has roughly 660 clubs around the country, compared to more than 4,400 Walmart U.S. stores. During Ruiz’s tenure at Walmart she floated back and forth from human resources and operations but she has been recognized as one of the top 25 powerful minority women in business by the Minority Enterprise Executive Council. During her two-year stint as chief operations officer for Walmart U.S., Ruiz helped to oversee the opening of 400 stores across the country, many of which were Neighborhood Market formats. Furner said the combination of deep retail experience, strong people leadership and her passion for serving customers will allow Ruiz to make an immediate impact on the Sam’s Club business. Ashley Buchanan will replace Furner as chief merchandising officer for Sam’s Club. Buchanan most recently served as senior vice president of packaged goods at Walmart U.S. He joined Walmart in 2007 as part of the Walmart Innovations Team and has since held several leadership roles in Walmart’s Food Division. Furner said Buchanan will be responsible for continuing the charge to make the product the hero in the warehouse clubs. Also retiring from Sam’s Club is Seong Ohm. Ohm spent 13 years between Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club positions, most recently launching nine new services, including auto buying and travel and overseeing the credit team on negotiating and launching one of the largest retail credit programs. Furner said as Ohm retires Sam’s Club will beef up its merchandising team with the addition of Lance de la Rosa who’ll be moving from operations to senior vice president of merchandise execution. He will report to Buchanan. Rosa has 30 years experience in Wal-Mart operations, international and most recently Sam’s Club. Tracey Brown, another up and comer at Sam’s Club overseeing membership for the past couple of years, will transition into the senior vice president of operations and chief experience officer role. Membership growth was one of the biggest successes at Sam’s Club in recent years and Brown is being asked to apply her expertise to the operations division. Furner said Brown “will bring a fresh perspective to the in-club experience, using data and analytics to reinvent the way members shop our clubs, while also simplifying our in-club processes and running clean, fast and friendly clubs.” Sam’s Club is also restructuring its regional management teams and reducing the number of regions from six to five. The new management alignment and leadership is: Missy Craig – South Central Region; Kevin Buncum – North Central Region; Sean Mehranbod – Western Region; Betty Marshall – Southeast Region; and Steve Schrobilgen – Northeast Region. Comments comments Previous post ADEQ reduces Whirlpool reporting requirement on Fort Smith contamination, property values remain down Next post BHP calls Fayetteville Shale play spending ‘nominal,’ down to fewer than 100 employees Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Pakko The Arkansas economy in 2017: Improving trends to continue John Burris 10 rules for legislators Kathy Deck Arkansas economic growth to continue in 2017, but pace could slow Williams Yamkam 5 questions for President Trump and his team Latisha Settlage Arkansas, national economies poised for more growth in 2017 Latest Popular Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies 4 hours ago Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year 5 hours ago U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 9 hours ago Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth 10 hours ago Bentonville/Bella Vista chamber rebrands with new name, logo 12 hours ago The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers 2,835 views Women’s March for Arkansas draws thousands to Little Rock 2,740 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations 2,095 views Top management shifts at Sam’s Club to happen under incoming CEO Furner 2,077 views Brewer’s exit as CEO of Sam’s Club surprised few; likely to have many career options 1,570 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team 34° F Overcast Hi: 39° F Lo: 29° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Rebuilding Gatlinburg Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines John Hurt, Oscar nominated for “The Elephant Man” dies at 77 Updated: 10 mins ago The Oscar-nominated actor Sir John Hurt has died. He was 77. How saying ‘yes’ to a scam call could cost you 9:35 pm The newest scam to hit your phone could get you in trouble just for saying the word “yes.” Multiple-county police pursuit ends in arrest in Knox County 9:43 pm Hawkins County husband charged with murder in shooting death of wife Updated: 58 mins ago Man found shot in chest at East Knoxville dollar store 9:26 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 34° F Overcast Feels Like: 30° F Wind: SW 5 Humidity: 61% Dewpoint: 22° F Sunrise: 7:39 AM Sunset: 5:57 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 34° F Overcast Hi: 39° F Lo: 29° F 1st Walmart Neighborhood Market opens in Knoxville By Whitney Good Published: January 25, 2017, 4:09 pm Updated: January 25, 2017, 4:55 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage Walmart Neighborhood Market opening soon in Knoxville KNOXVILLE (WATE) – A new Walmart Neighborhood Market opened on McKamey Road in Knoxville Wednesday. It is the first of its kind in Knoxville, and dozens of people lined up for the grand opening. “I was amazed when I walked in, never been in one before. It’s not like the huge Walmarts where you have to walk around and everything is like right at your beck and call,” said Shana Love. The concept is new to Knoxville. It is a smaller version of the traditional Walmart stores that focuses on groceries and convenience for the shoppers. Each store has a deli, pizza bakery, and a place for customers to pick up items they order online. Previous story: Walmart Neighborhood Market opening soon in Knoxville “We’ve got some great products for them. We’re going to be really easy convenient for them to come in right after work, pick up the things they need every day, and Walmart’s everyday low prices. We just really hope they take advantage of that,” said Store Manager Bryan Spears. There is also the gas station on site which they say will stay in line with Walmart’s low price guarantee. “The gas is going to be one of my favorite things to get around here. It’s going to be very convenient and I hope the prices are going to be very low,” Love said. There were several speakers at the grand opening, including Knox County Mayor Tim Burchett, State Senator Dr. Richard Briggs and Knoxville Deputy to the Mayor Christi Branscom. Burchett said he hopes the new store is a good sign for what is to come in Knoxville and Knox County this year. “I think consumer confidence is rising and it’s showing corporate America is investing, and they’re going to continue to, all the indications that we’ve had. And the increase in building permits and things like that are up dramatically over what they were this time last year,” he said. For people who live around there, it is a good sign of growth in their neighborhood. “This store is amazing. It’s nice. It’s convenient, and it’s beautiful,” Love said. There are three other Walmart Neighborhood Markets in surrounding counties. One is in Sevierville, and there are two in Morristown. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Walmart Neighborhood Market opening soon in Knoxville Walmart hiring 95 positions for new Knoxville grocery store Walmart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MEDIC to host blood drive to honor Pat Summitt Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement LIVE: WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Discover: Quotes Weather Seedstock 100 Blog: Beef Daily LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness Digital Issues – BEEF Digital Issues – BEEF Vet More Menu Log In or Register Animal Health Beef Quality BEEF Vet Business Genetics/Reproduction Nutrition Pasture/Range Regulatory Quotes Weather Seedstock 100 Blog: Beef Daily LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness Digital Issues – BEEF Digital Issues – BEEF Vet Beef Vet Feeder Focus FFA Chapter Tribute Samuelson Sez Over a Cup Health Ranch Pasture to Pounds Seedstock 100 About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent We're not actually listening to the consumer Jan 25, 2017 How to budget & buy up this bull season Jan 25, 2017 sponsored content Feeder Focus: Providing health management solutions with Titanium Beef's environmental stewards shine brightly Jan 23, 2017 Consumers hesitant about meat purchasing Jan 23, 2017 Featured Fed Cattle Recap | Cash market continues to climb Jan 24, 2017 Weekly Cattle Market Wrap-Up | More bred cows, feeder cattle head to town Jan 26, 2017 Should you pull that calf? Jan 19, 2017 3 ways to strategically improve your ranching legacy Jan 26, 2017 brought to you by Marketing>Outlook Beef has a flower shop problem Comparing Walmart to a small-town flower shop shows cheaper pricing is king. Comparing beef with its alternatives is no different. Alan Newport | Jan 25, 2017 My wife operates a flower and gift shop in our small town, and despite her amazing ability to create artistic, high-quality floral designs, she just can't compete with the nearby Walmart store when pricing and selling these gift items.  The cost of small wholesale purchases, plus shipping and the breadth of the giant chain's offerings, simply makes it difficult to sell something in her shop that people can't buy cheaper or at least substitute a purchase of something cheaper just a few miles away at Walmart. Neither can any of the other small retailers, and the breadcrumbs left after the consumers get done with their primary shopping at Walmart or with online retailers is barely a fit meal for a mouse.  That's because saving money is an American obsession and it applies to the purchase of beef, pork and chicken in roughly the same manner it applies to our flower and gift shop. In the eyes of the consumer, who has limited income, quality is nice but low price can be nicer.  To put the beef discussion in context of our small-town shop, people may like the tasteful, high-quality Christmas ornaments my wife sells (like beef), but a majority of what they put on the tree was purchased at discount-store prices (like chicken).  When the oilfield is rolling around here, cattle prices are up, and wheat and soybean prices are above average, customers are likely to buy a little more of those tasteful ornaments (beef). But they will still buy more chicken (cheap ornaments) overall.  Maybe they'll step in and buy a little extra quality after Christmas when it goes on sale (like ground beef). But a lot of Christmas trees still will be filled with cheaper ornaments, even in the good times (chicken).  The thing that concerns me even more is the poor prospects for the sale of "quality" now that the economy is weak. This affects my wife's retail sales and it potentially affects beef.  This so-called recovery since 2008 has been pathetic and is due to run out of steam. In fact, if you measure it with gross domestic product (GDP), we've been in a depression worse than the 10 years of the Great Depression of 1929-1939.  I read a lot of economic literature, but especially from people who forecast trends, particularly macro-economic ones. Harry Dent is one of those, and his data says the retirement of the baby boom will slow the economy dramatically, in addition to three other economic cycles. Jim Rickards is another. His analyses are partially based on what I would call political trends. He says a confluence of factors, including an overdue stock market correction, the downfall of China and massive U.S. budget deficits will cause a recession by this spring.  The third whose material I subscribe to is David Stockman, the former congressman and budget manager for Ronald Reagan’s administration. In short, Stockman says the Federal Reserve's funny money policies, together with peak debt in all sectors of society, together with the irrational exuberance of what he calls the "casinos" on Wall Street, are heading for a comeuppance.  I can find no reason to fault any of these soothsayers, as it matches the reality I've been following for several years now. Both Stockman and Rickards emphasize the problems coming with the end of the last debt ceiling agreement upcoming on March 16 and the fact Congress and the new president must deal with this gargantuan issue.  If you want a bit of upbeat news, private economist Bill Helming, who was the first economist for the National Cattlemen's Association, now thinks we are less likely to fall into serious recession. But his latest outlook for cattle and grain prices is not pretty, and he believes we have some distance to travel yet in the land-price downfall.  On a positive note, we're already seeing the Trump administration rolling back regulations and hopefully that will continue. Goodness knows he and Congress have hundreds to repeal just from the last three presidents.  So, as the larger economy weakens across the world, and as we face that wall of meat from all three major protein industries, including our own beef industry, my suggestion is to get your costs down, clear out as much debt as possible, sell excess holdings and wait for opportunities. This resonates with the title of Harry Dent's new book, "The Sale of a Lifetime." We must still be cautious, and the wise will pinch their pennies and wait patiently.   TAGS: Ranching 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Is corn still a viable feeding option?Jan 26, 2017 Seven Hills Angus supplies beef for Trump’s inauguration mealJan 24, 2017 5 things to know about new USDA Secretary Sonny PerdueJan 20, 2017 Obama’s national monument designations total 550 million acresJan 18, 2017 Load More About Contact Us Advertise Sitemap Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Walmart and the Walmart Foundation Announce $200,000 Towards Tornado Relief and Recovery Walmart and the Walmart Foundation Announce $200,000 Towards Tornado Relief and Recovery Posted on January 25, 2017 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have made a commitment to provide support through cash and product donations of $200,000 to organizations helping in response to the severe weather that impacted Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia and Florida. As a part of this commitment, Walmart is working closely with the American Red Cross, Salvation Army and Convoy of Hope while coordinating efforts with elected officials and governmental entities to help meet the needs of those affected. “Our associates and leadership on the ground are actively working to help the communities affected by this disaster,” said Martin Mundo, Senior Vice President of Operations. “As part of our commitment, local Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations have already been supporting local relief, donating approximately $20,000 in product. In the coming days we will continue to work with non-profits, first responders, elected officials and governmental organizations to identify needs and provide additional support.” Walmart has a long history of providing aid in times of disasters, helping communities prepare and recover by donating emergency supplies, such as food and water, home and personal products. In the last 10 years, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have donated more than $56 million in cash and in-kind donations in response to disaster events. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,528 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. About Philanthropy at Walmart  By using our strengths to help others, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation create opportunities for people to live better every day. Walmart has stores in 28 countries, employing more than 2.4 million associates and doing business with thousands of suppliers who, in turn, employ millions of people. Our philanthropy helps people live better by supporting upward job mobility and economic development for the retail workforce; addressing hunger and making healthier, more sustainably-grown food a reality; and building strong communities where Walmart operates and inspiring our associates to give back. Whether it is helping to lead the fight against hunger in the United States with $2 billion in cash and in-kind donations or supporting Women’s Economic Empowerment through a series of grants totaling $10 million to the Women in Factories training program in Bangladesh, China, India and Central America, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are not only working to tackle key social issues, we are also collaborating with others to inspire solutions for long-lasting systemic change. To learn more about Walmart’s giving, visit http://www.foundation.walmart.com.   Latest News CIBT Reports Director Election Results ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Subscribe to Kane County Chronicle 26°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Get Newsletter Crime and Courts Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports Finance Face Time Corrections Get App Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Get App Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Photos Photo Lists Photo Store Share Photos Galleries Archive Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Photos Video Planit Text Alerts Newsletter Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified St. Charles Geneva Batavia Elburn Sugar Grove Batavia police reports Published: Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017 1:03 p.m. CST • Updated: Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017 10:50 p.m. CST • Michael A. Pedroza, 25, of the 100 block of Ann Street, Elgin, was charged Jan. 11 with retail theft at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Jocelyn Esparza-Velazquez, 21, of the 100 block of East State Street, North Aurora, was charged Jan. 11 with retail theft less than $300 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A bottle of liquor valued at about $47 was reported stolen Jan. 11 from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • A cellphone worth $59 was reported stolen Jan. 11 from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Aurelio A. Palomar, 34, of the 1200 block of Lehnertz Circle, Aurora, was charged Jan. 12 with driving with a revoked license, and was arrested on an Aurora Police Department warrant in the 1200 block of North Raddant Road, Batavia. • Jodi L. Ladron De Guevara, 45, of the 1200 block of Lencioni Court, Geneva, was arrested Jan. 12 on a Kane County warrant at Church Street and North Washington Avenue, Batavia. • Kiandra L. Powell, 18, of the 43W900 block of Oakleaf Drive, Elburn, was charged Jan. 12 with retail theft less than $300 at Kohl’s, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Denzel Hudson, 21, of the 1000 block of Lorlyn Circle, Batavia, was charged Jan. 14 with driving with a suspended license in the 100 block of West Wilson Street, Batavia. • Hector Ventura-Hernandez, 45, of the 600 block of High Street, Aurora, was charged Jan. 14 with driving without a valid license and for operating an uninsured vehicle on North Randall Road, Batavia. • Robert L. Walker III, 27, of the 100 block of Jefferson Street, Batavia, was charged Jan. 16 with driving with a suspended license on North Van Buren Street, Batavia. • Ray L. Rodriguez, 29, of the 700 block of Sexton Street, Aurora, was charged with retail theft, according to a Jan. 16 police report that stated that about $59 in merchandise was stolen in the 800 block of North Randall Road, Batavia, but was retrieved. • Keys to an apartment were reported stolen Jan. 16 in the 1200 block of East Wilson Street, Batavia. • The Jan. 14 theft of $500 in cash at Riverrain Point apartments, 200 N. Island Ave., Batavia, was reported Jan. 17. • Sarah H. Lau, 28, of the 8800 block of Leslie Drive, Orland Hills, was charged Jan. 17 with DUI of alcohol and for driving with a blood-alcohol content of greater than 0.08 percent on Feece Street, Batavia. Related Links Holy Cross School in Batavia to celebrate Catholic Schools Week Kiddie Academy dance party on tap for children in Batavia Jazz and Icarus myth to heat up Water Street Studios in Batavia Peace concert sing-along to return to Batavia bridge Batavia police reports Batavia High School playwright enlists students to reimagine Robin Hood Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Kane County Chronicle. More News St. Charles woman killed on her 80th birthday in Florida crashJan. 27, 2017 - 5:00 pm Weekend 5: Dog sleds, theater, comedy, Gershwin and history talk on tapJan. 27, 2017 - 3:52 pm College scholarships open to Kaneland, Central studentsJan. 27, 2017 - 12:15 pm 8 great local salons in Kane CountyJan. 27, 2017 - 12:11 pm Holy Cross School in Batavia to celebrate Catholic Schools WeekJan. 26, 2017 - 5:28 pm Police: Batavia woman charged with felony after filing false crime reportJan. 27, 2017 - 3:53 pm About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Detroit * Walmart * Feeding America * More Tags... Industry News * Non-profit * More Industries... News By Location * Detroit   Michigan   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 27 26 25 24 23 22 21 Walmart Donates $50,000 To Gleaners Community Food Bank Gleaners Community Food Bank of Southeastern Michigan (Gleaners) has received a $50,000 grant from the Walmart Foundation through Feeding America.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Detroit * Walmart * Feeding America Industry: * Non-profit Location: * Detroit - Michigan - USDETROIT - Jan. 25, 2017 - PRLog -- … Gleaners Community Food Bank of Southeastern Michigan (Gleaners) has received a $50,000 grant from the Walmart Foundation through Feeding America. Gleaners utilized the funds to purchase a refrigerated truck and walk-in freezer that will support the Monroe County Opportunity Program (MCOP). With the grant-funded resources, Gleaners expects to increase retail donations in Monroe County from approximately 60,000 lbs. of food per year to 200,000 lbs. per year. "We are extremely grateful to Walmart and Feeding America for making the donation of this refrigerated truck and walk-in freezer possible. These additions will provide MCOP with greater capacity for retail donations of fresh produce, frozen meat and other healthy foods throughout the year, benefitting our many hungry neighbors in Monroe County," said Gleaners Chief Operating Officer, Julie Beamer. According to a 2015 study from Feeding America, the food insecurity rate within Monroe County is 12.8 percent with more than 19,000 food insecure individuals. MCOP is a Partner Distribution Organization (PDO) of Gleaners that serves the majority of food distribution programs in Monroe County and aims to improve access to nutrition in rural areas. Gleaners is focused on strengthening and expanding their most effective programs with a goal of increasing economic impact to households by 20 percent. "Through this wonderful donation, MCOP will be able to increase access to food for our most vulnerable residents in the community," says MCOP Executive Director Stephanie Kasprzak. "Our work with Gleaners and Walmart continues to expand our capacity to feed more people and we are extremely grateful. Gleaners' mission aligns directly with the Walmart Foundation's sustainability initiatives around reducing food waste across the supply chain and diverting underutilized food into the charitable food system. Walmart's main goal for the grant is to help Gleaners advance their retail donation program by providing assets that support growth. ·      Photo Album: https://goo.gl/photos/ozyrytWqrb6FMqHe9 About Gleaners Food Bank of Southeastern Michigan For 40 years, Gleaners Community Food Bank has been "feeding hungry people and nourishing our communities." Last year, Gleaners distributed more than 38 million pounds of emergency food to over 534 partner schools, soup kitchens, shelters and pantries in Wayne, Oakland, Macomb, Livingston and Monroe counties. Of every dollar donated, Gleaners uses 94 cents for food and food programs. One dollar provides three meals for a hungry neighbor. Learn more at www.gcfb.org Media Only: For further information or to arrange an interview, please contact: C&B Scene: 248.336.8360 | scene@candbscene.com Media Contact Media Only: For further information, contact: C&B Scene: scene@candbscene.com scene@candbscene.com End Source : Gleaners Community Food Bank of SE MI Email : ***@candbscene.com Tags : Detroit, Walmart, Feeding America Industry : Non-profit Location : Detroit - Michigan - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse C&B Scene News Home for the Holidays: An Evening of Amazing Grace with Aaron Neville 11th annual Detroit Uncorked to Benefit Gleaners July's Why Not Wednesday? Brings Big Family Fun To Arbor Hills NFL Hall of Famer Jim Brown Headlines Mack Alive Benefit Tonight at the City Theatre Tigers’ Jim Leyland Honored November 11 At The Fox Theater Part Of “Detroit Legacies" Trending NetDocuments Announces Multiple Product Releases for Enhanced Usability Edupliance Announces Critical Webinar To Discuss FDA Regulation of GMO Labeling Louis Vuitton To Create Young Millionaires in 9 Months 1st Annual North Fork Dock Diving Pet Expo and Fundraiser Event Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 Daily News Swedish Actress Linnea Persson Charms Hollywood - 461 views Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 - 410 views Tesla Foundation and East Los Angeles College Create New Program for Unmanned Aerial Systems - 252 views Jade Global Announces Partnership with Snowflake - 146 views 1st Annual North Fork Dock Diving Pet Expo and Fundraiser Event - 139 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 2981 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2701 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 1944 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1895 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1522 views Daily News Swedish Actress Linnea Persson Charms Hollywood - 461 views Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 - 410 views Tesla Foundation and East Los Angeles College Create New Program for Unmanned Aerial Systems - 252 views Jade Global Announces Partnership with Snowflake - 146 views 1st Annual North Fork Dock Diving Pet Expo and Fundraiser Event - 139 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 2981 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2701 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 1944 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1895 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1522 views PTC News Cavium to Contribute the First Programmable Wedge 100C Switch Design to OCP - 376 views Matthew Lewis of 'Harry Potter' To Make Wizard World Comic Con Debut In Portland, February 18-19 - 298 views Discover Lennar's Everything's Included® Homes During Their February Sale - 209 views Jingwei International Limited Changes Name and Effects Reverse Stock Split - 162 views First Bancorp of Indiana, Inc. Announces Financial Results - 122 views Jan 25, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Leadership Microsoft CEO nominated to Starbucks board of directors Alex Radu @AlexTRadu Published: January 25th, 2017 The Starbucks Corporation has announced nominations for three new board members today, including the CEO of the Microsoft Corporation, Satya Nadella. Nadella joins president and CEO of Sam’s Club and executive vice president of Wal-Mart Stores, Rosalind Brewer, and executive chairman of the Lego Brand Group, Jorgen Vig Knudstorp, as the latest nominees to the Starbucks board of directors. In addition to his role as the CEO of Microsoft, Nadella also sits on the tech giant’s board of directors. He also serves on the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center board of trustees. Brewer has served as the CEO and president of Sam’s Club, which is a division of Wal-Mart, since 2012, and will be retiring from the company on Feb. 1. She also serves on the board of directors for Lockheed Martin Corporation, and is the chair of the board of trustees for Spelman College. Knudstorp became the executive chairman of the Lego Brand Group at the beginning of 2017. Before that, he served as the president and CEO of the Lego Group for 12 years. The Lego Brand Group became the controlling company of the Lego Group at the beginning of January. Whether or not these three join the board will be decided at Starbucks’ Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Mar. 22. A Starbucks director since 1990, James Shennan Jr., will be retiring from the board prior to the shareholder meeting, leaving the board with 11 members. Those members are:  Howard Schultz, chairman and CEO of Starbucks William W. Bradley, managing director of Allen & Company LLC Mary N. Dillon, CEO of Ulta Salon and Cosmetics & Fragrances, Inc. Robert M. Gates, former US Secretary of Defense Mellody Hobson, president and director of Ariel Investments, LLC Kevin R. Johnson, president and COO of Starbucks Joshua Cooper Ramo, co-CEO and vice chairman of Kissinger Associates Clara Shih, CEO of Hearsay Systems, Inc. Javier G. Teruel, retired vice chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Company Myron E. Ullman III,  retired executive chairman and CEO of J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Craig E. Weatherup, retired CEO of Pepsi-Cola Company   Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles 3D printing providing an edge for McLaren Formula 1 racing team High tech caddie for Sunday morning golfers Leadership board of directors, Microsoft, Starbucks About Alex Radu is a staff writer for IT World Canada. When not writing about the tech industry, you can find him reading, watching TV/movies, or watching the Lakers rebuild with one eye open. Follow Follow @AlexTRadu on Twitter Website Related Content Can the HoloLens work as a business device? Microsoft and RBC announce new investments in Canadian AI Microsoft patents a foldable phone-to-tablet device Microsoft acquires Montreal-based deep learning startup Maluuba PageBooks Ayelet Baron – Author, speaker and futurist takes us on a journey to the future of work with an engaging series excerpted from her popular columns in ITBusiness.ca Read More Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2017 ITBusiness.ca
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Governor signs bill banning abortion procedure; measure fails to make March primary permanent Hutchinson: Trump’s protectionist talk a concern; opposes school choice bill Bill would delay medical marijuana until legal nationwide House panel advances tax break for military retirees, removes planned tax hike on manufactured housing Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Northwest Arkansas sales tax revenue begins 2017 with an almost 11% increase Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers Arkansas tourism industry hopes to build off two-year ‘hot streak,’ may face some economic headwinds in 2017 Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest ArkansasThe Supply Side by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 2 days ago 2,095 views  Tags: The Supply Side 0 SHARES Share Tweet Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. –––––––––––––––––––––– Wal-Mart is cutting an estimated 200 jobs from its replenishment operations as part of the around 1,000 corporate jobs cuts announced Jan. 20. On Monday the retailer sent at least two documents to suppliers outlining the restructuring of replenishment functions. The memo sent to suppliers outlined Wal-Mart’s desire to transform the business for shoppers by first revamping how it operates internally. The memo was accompanied by a PowerPoint presentation with graphics illustrating the structural changes. “We believe more than ever in using our strengths to exceed our customer’s expectations. Our emphasis now is on reshaping our organization in ways that will deliver those expectations, as well as improve associate and inventory efficiency that will position us all for the future. We have created roles that will enable associates to specialize on key components of replenishment,” Wal-Mart noted in the memo to suppliers. Wal-Mart wants suppliers to have more focused communication that is concise and actionable. On this point, the retailer gave suppliers a list of instances where the retailer should hear from suppliers. In the past the replenishment manager has been the contact person for suppliers to handle a myriad of issues whether it was about items out-of-stock, logistics and supply chain, seasonal inventory, modular processes or store support. The new configuration divides those responsibilities among four people in an effort to lighten the load for replenishment managers and create a replenishment team with each member dedicated to one specific area. Following is the new structure. Replenishment Manager This person will handle inventory management and in-stock, modular processes, feature pricing events, and aligning with the supplier and buyer on common goals. Demand Manager The demand manager will be responsible for forecasting demand, planning for seasonal items and managing safety stock. Supplier Solutions Manager This person will have the responsibility of supplier training, supplier setup and maintenance and on-time-in-full deliveries of product. Business Support Manager This person will be the one to research store and distribution center issues pertaining to product displays and in-stocks, category management and reporting to the other team members and suppliers. Three of the four replenishment team members will interact regularly with suppliers in the following ways. If a supplier has a question about an item, they will contact the replenishment manager who will research in-stock and fill-rate exceptions. This person will also be responsible for planning a pricing event such as a rollback. If the supplier has a question about remedying a problem such as out-of-stock then they would reach out to the Business Support Manager who will find a solution. If the supplier’s question involves a truck then it’s more a supply-chain issue and the Supplier Solutions Manager is the person to call. Wal-Mart said it will take a few weeks for these new teams to get up to speed in the new organizational plan, and asked for suppliers’ patience as the changes are implemented. Wal-Mart said the replenishment manager and the business solutions manager are the primary supplier contacts for most issues, which will free up time for the demand manager to focus on forecasting and increase system expertise. Consultants representing suppliers told Talk Business & Politics the plan looks good on paper but execution is critical and it’s too early to tell if the new structure will benefit suppliers. One of the biggest complaints voiced by suppliers in recent years has been the difficulty in getting a replenishment manager to return a call or email, because of the heavy workload they were under. In the old system the replenishment solved for everything that could be wrong and that often meant searching multiple systems for possible answers. This was a timely and less-than effective way to help suppliers get to the root cause of their out-of-stock issues. Clint Lazenby, a supplier consultant for private label, said replenishment managers were spread too line under the old system and he likes the possibilities of the new team approach. He said the new structure better aligns with suppliers and manufacturers. Other suppliers said they were glad to get the information and are hoping they have an opportunity to learn more at supplier meetings set for Feb. 14 and 15 in Bentonville. Suppliers said they understand how important communication is and one concern they have at the present time involves knowing if their replenishment manager under the old system will still be their point of contact through this transition. Comments comments Previous post UCA’s Conductor program to launch angel investment network Next post Southern Bancorp to buy Hamburg lender Farmers Bank for $4.5 million. Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Pakko The Arkansas economy in 2017: Improving trends to continue John Burris 10 rules for legislators Kathy Deck Arkansas economic growth to continue in 2017, but pace could slow Williams Yamkam 5 questions for President Trump and his team Latisha Settlage Arkansas, national economies poised for more growth in 2017 Latest Popular Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies 4 hours ago Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year 5 hours ago U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 9 hours ago Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth 10 hours ago Bentonville/Bella Vista chamber rebrands with new name, logo 13 hours ago The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers 2,835 views Women’s March for Arkansas draws thousands to Little Rock 2,740 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations 2,095 views Top management shifts at Sam’s Club to happen under incoming CEO Furner 2,078 views Brewer’s exit as CEO of Sam’s Club surprised few; likely to have many career options 1,570 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Stake Lowered by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Reduces Stake in Best Buy Co., Inc. (BBY) ResMed Inc. (RMD) Position Increased by Gotham Asset Management LLC D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,931,000 Position in Hubbell Inc (HUBB) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,085,000 Position in Armstrong World Industries Inc (AWI) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Equifax (EFX) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $6,997,000 Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Increases Stake in Kellogg Company (K) Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Shares Bought by Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Shares Bought by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Clinton Group Inc. Purchases Shares of 53,215 Phillips 66 (PSX) Clinton Group Inc. Sells 112,392 Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Acquires Shares of 25,286 Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Acquires Shares of 2,292 Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Purchases New Stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (DNB) Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V (WMMVY) Lowered to Neutral at Credit Suisse Group January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group downgraded shares of Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V (NASDAQ:WMMVY) from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report issued on Tuesday morning. They currently have $39.00 price objective on the stock, down from their previous price objective of $47.00. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V (NASDAQ:WMMVY) traded up 1.0852% on Tuesday, hitting $16.9065. The stock had a trading volume of 34,857 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $17.72 and a 200-day moving average of $21.05. The company has a market cap of $29.52 billion and a PE ratio of 20.6177. Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V has a one year low of $15.95 and a one year high of $25.91. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/wal-mart-de-mexico-s-a-b-de-c-v-wmmvy-lowered-to-neutral-at-credit-suisse-group.html. Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V Company Profile Wal-Mart de Mexico, SAB. de C.V. (WALMEX) is engaged in operating self-service stores. The Company’s segments include Mexico and Central America. In Mexico, the Company operates through Self-service, which includes the operation of discount stores, hypermarkets, wholesale-price membership stores and supermarkets, and Others, which includes department stores and real estate transactions with third parties. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-mart de Mexico S A B de C V and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About 3D Image Source: JeepersMedia Walmart is going to start selling cars because why not? Mike Wehner @MikeWehner January 24th, 2017 at 10:04 PM Share Tweet You can already buy just about anything you need at Walmart, and now the mega retailer is going to start selling something you probably never expected: cars. Yep, the country’s biggest store chain will provide car-buying services at 25 of its largest stores in Texas, Arizona, and Oklahoma, allowing you to walk into the store for a gallon of milk and walk out with a new gas-guzzling SUV. Isn’t America wonderful?  Don't Miss: T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores As Automotive News reports, selected Walmart stores won’t actually be operating themselves as dealerships, however, but will instead partner with dealership groups to provide access to car-buying terminals within its stores. Much like Walmart provides spaces for banks, credit unions, fast food chains and even doctors to operate within its stores, the auto sales will be conducted from a small shop in the front of the store. Customers will be able to purchase cars via CarSaver, a digital platform which utilizes touchscreen kiosks so shoppers can browse a selection of new and used vehicles and even get approved for financing and insurance right from within the Walmart. It sounds like a slick little system, but here’s the catch: the cars aren’t actually at Walmart at all. Customers can’t test drive them or kick the tires at the store, but instead have to travel to the actual car dealership that has the car they wanted. If a customer actually follows through and purchases the vehicle, CarSaver gets a “success fee” of $350 or thereabouts. I don’t know about you, but I’ve never tried to get approved for an auto loan before even sitting in the car I wanted to buy, but hey, it’s Walmart after all. Tags: Walmart View Comments Trending 1 Mobile The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors 2 Mobile Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this 3 Mobile The Honor 8 has the same specs as the Galaxy S7, but it’s on sale for $340 unlocked 4 Mobile Two Galaxy S8 features that will seriously annoy you 5 Mobile The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Picked For You The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother By Mike Wehner January 26th at 8:00 PM Netflix for Android just got a new feature iPhone owners will never see By Chris Smith January 25th at 7:18 PM Amazon sale drops Fire Essentials Bundle to its lowest price ever By Maren Estrada January 26th at 8:20 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
The Car Connection New Cars Used Cars Classifieds Research News Research New Cars By Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion Smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Can't Decide? Find By Price, Type, New Cars » Used Cars For Sale Near You Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Coda Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai INFINITI Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Shop By Type Convertible Coupe Diesel Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Pickup Truck Sedan Sports Car SUV Vans Wagon Browse Used Cars For Sale » Used Cars for Sale Near You Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boston Charlottesville Chicago Cleveland Colorado Springs Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit El Paso Fort Worth Fresno Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Las Vegas Long Beach Los Angeles Louisville Memphis Mesa Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New York Oakland Oklahoma City Omaha Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Raleigh Sacramento San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Seattle Tucson Tulsa Virginia Beach Washington Shop By Type Convertible Coupe Crossover Diesel Hatchback Hybrid Pickup Truck Sedan Sports Car SUV Vans Wagon More Ways to Shop » Advice Buying Guides Maintenance Guides Finance Guides The Basics Best Car to Buy 2017 » Driver's Choice 2017 » More Tips & Advice » Rankings Convertible Coupe Crossover Electric Cars Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Cars Van/Minivan Pickup Truck SUV Sedan Wagon More Rankings » HomeNewssales Nation's largest retailer (Walmart) to help sell the priciest product we buy (cars) Richard Read Reporter Email This Page Your Name Your Email To (separate emails with commas) Message (optional) Send Your email was sent successfully. Close January 25, 2017 America's decades-old dealership model has been under attack lately. The best example of comes courtesy of Tesla, which now sells its electric vehicles directly to consumers, both online and in showrooms. To do that, Tesla has fought against dealer networks and longstanding state franchise laws. Now, another offensive has been launched--one that could have a much bigger effect on traditional dealerships because it's centered around America's biggest retailer, Walmart. This week, we learned that the massive, big-box chain store will begin selling both new and used cars, in partnership with the online service CarSaver.   Beginning this spring, Walmart will install "CarSaver Centers" at Supercenter locations, alongside the eyeglass shops and banks already positioned across from the store's checkout lanes. The Centers will feature touchscreen kiosks that allow shoppers to search for both new and used vehicles from CarSaver's network of dealers. Once they've found the right ride, shoppers can apply for financing and set up insurance on the same touchscreen, just as they can on the CarSaver website. Multi-lingual staff will be on hand to help guide consumers through the process.  Afterward, shoppers will be directed to a local dealership to sign the necessary paperwork and pick up their vehicle. CarSaver will receive a $350 "success fee" for completed sales.  The program was piloted in Florida last April. On April 1 of this year, it's expected to debut in 25 Walmart Supercenters in four key markets--Dallas, Houston, Oklahoma City, and Phoenix. There's no word on when it will roll out to Walmart Supercenters in other parts of the country, though CarSaver hopes that'll occur by the end of 2018. Similar programs have been in place at one of Walmart's major competitors, Costco, for years. Costco sells roughly 1,000 new vehicles per store each year. Walmart is aiming to do roughly the same number at each of its Supercenters, though that figure will include both new and used vehicles.  Our take Walmart hasn't commented on this news, and it probably won't for a while. However, if the early reports are accurate, this could be a real game-changer--a win-win-win for Walmart, CarSaver, and consumers. Walmart might not derive any money from individual auto sales, but it will almost certainly earn some revenue from CarSaver, which will be setting up shop in Walmart stores. The company will also benefit from additional foot traffic, and its portfolio of offerings will be expanded, which will likely improve its brand a bit. CarSaver obviously benefits from increased visibility and the opportunity to generate additional revenue--not only from sales in Walmart stores, but also from sales on its website. Given the competitiveness of the online auto sales segment, that's huge.  And consumers stand to win because the car-buying process will be simplified. It's been shown time and again that shoppers hate haggling, and they're uncomfortable with the complexity of auto sales. This arrangement makes the process more streamlined and straightforward.  Even dealers stand to win from this set-up--at least those that belong to the CarSaver network--because they'll have access to larger numbers of shoppers. In fact, the only group that may lose is sales staff, whose role will continue to be minimized.  Have you ever bought a car using a program like this? Would you? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Tags: Car Sales sales Walmart News 2017 The Car Connection See the winners » 2017 The Car Connection See The Winner and Nominees » Recommended Galleries 2016 Honda Pilot long-term road test: final fuel economy check-in Another day, another lawsuit for Faraday Future 2016 and 2017 Toyota Tundra recalled for faulty bumpers: 73,000 pickups affected 2017 Ford F-150 recalled to fix software glitch People who read this also read Walmart to sell cars, Dodge Demon shown, Clueless on... 2017 Kia Niro priced from $23,785 2017 Ford Fusion vs. 2017 Mazda 6: Compare Cars Third rows, Ford GT top speed, BMW and Nissan EVs: What’s...   Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us   Ratings and Reviews Rate and review your car for The Car Connection Review your car Related Articles Volkswagen Dieselgate update: owners opt for buybacks, not fixes & is a 3.0-liter fix coming? World auto market hits new heights; 100 million sales by 2020? FCA's 75-month sales streak was actually far shorter Fiat Chrysler audit suggests sales stats have been inflated: SEC, Justice Dept. investigate The Car Connection Daily Headlines Stay up-to-date with the latest news in the car world delivered daily. Get the Newsletter I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Thank you! Please check your email for confirmation. Get the Web's best daily automotive newsletter! We'll email you the latest automotive news every day. Subscribe Ready to buy? Find new and used cars for sale near you Used New Select Make Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Pontiac Porsche Ram Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Bentley Coda Daewoo Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Genesis Geo Isuzu Lamborghini Lotus Maserati Maybach McLaren Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Rolls-Royce Saab Smart Tesla - Select a Model - Enter Your Zip Code Go! Used Sedans Used SUVs Used Pickup Trucks Used Vans Used Crossovers Used Toyota Corolla For Sale Used BMW 3-Series For Sale Used Mazda MAZDA3 For Sale Used Hyundai Accent For Sale Used Honda Civic For Sale Used Ford Focus For Sale Used Hyundai Elantra For Sale Used Honda Accord Sedan For Sale Used Toyota Camry For Sale Used Kia Rio For Sale Used BMW 5-Series For Sale Used Toyota Yaris For Sale Used Chrysler 200 For Sale Used Kia Optima For Sale Used Chevrolet Cruze For Sale Used Mercedes-Benz E Class For Sale Used Mitsubishi Lancer For Sale Used Audi A4 For Sale Used Mercedes-Benz C Class For Sale Used Chevrolet Camaro For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Toyota Land Cruiser For Sale Used Toyota Highlander For Sale Used Lexus RX 350 For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Toyota Venza For Sale Used Hyundai Santa Fe For Sale Used Ford Escape For Sale Used Hyundai Tucson For Sale Used Nissan Murano For Sale Used Jeep Grand Cherokee For Sale Used Nissan Pathfinder For Sale Used Toyota FJ Cruiser For Sale Used Ford Edge For Sale Used Jeep Wrangler For Sale Used Dodge Journey For Sale Used Nissan Rogue For Sale Used Honda Pilot For Sale Used Ford F-150 For Sale Used Ram 1500 For Sale Used Toyota FJ Cruiser For Sale Used Chevrolet Colorado For Sale Used GMC Sierra 1500 For Sale Used Chevrolet Avalanche For Sale Used Chevrolet Silverado 1500 For Sale Used Toyota Tundra For Sale Used Toyota Tacoma For Sale Used Toyota 4Runner For Sale Used Nissan Titan For Sale Used GMC Canyon For Sale Used Lincoln Mark LT For Sale Used Nissan Frontier For Sale Used Lexus GX 460 For Sale Used Dodge Dakota For Sale Used Honda Ridgeline For Sale Used GMC Sonoma For Sale Used Ford Ranger For Sale Used Ford Super Duty F-250 For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Toyota Land Cruiser For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Honda Odyssey For Sale Used Volkswagen Routan For Sale Used Toyota Sienna For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Chrysler Town & Country For Sale Used Nissan Quest For Sale Used Dodge Grand Caravan For Sale Used Jeep Wrangler For Sale Used Land Rover Range Rover For Sale Used Jeep Grand Cherokee For Sale Used Mazda MAZDA5 For Sale Used Nissan Pathfinder For Sale Used Toyota 4Runner For Sale Used Ford Explorer For Sale Used Nissan Cube For Sale Used Chevrolet Suburban For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Toyota Highlander For Sale Used Lexus RX 350 For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Hyundai Santa Fe For Sale Used Toyota Yaris For Sale Used Ford Escape For Sale Used Hyundai Tucson For Sale Used Nissan Murano For Sale Used Jeep Grand Cherokee For Sale Used Nissan Pathfinder For Sale Used Ford Edge For Sale Used Dodge Journey For Sale Used Nissan Rogue For Sale Used Honda Pilot For Sale Used Chevrolet Equinox For Sale Used Ford Explorer For Sale Used Toyota Venza For Sale   Follow Us New Cars Compare cars Cars For Sale Trucks For Sale Used Cars Cheap Cars News Advice About Us Blog Videos RSS Feed How We rate cars Buy Auto Leads Contact Us Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Reprints Latest Reviews 2017 Kia Optima 2017 Ford Escape 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Edge 2017 Chrysler 200 Featured Reviews 2017 Chevrolet Suburban 2017 Dodge Viper SRT 2015 Mazda MAZDA5 2015 Mercedes-Benz M Class 2017 BMW X5 2017 Toyota Avalon 2018 Toyota Camry 2017 Honda Accord Sedan ©2017 Internet Brands Automotive Group™ All Rights Reserved
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business Super Bowl Ads     Walmart Will Sell Cars Too Posted: Jan 25 2017, 7:52am CST | by M. Affan, in News | Cars & Vehicles   Credit: Getty Images Wal-Mart is off to start Car sales   The biggest consumer outlet of America will now sell cars on a discounted price! Wal-Mart which is not only a big name in America but in all the wide world is all set to step into the automotive industry. This is the reason that they are going to sell cars to their consumers all around the world in their sale points too. The cars sales will be offered in 25 Wal-Mart stored across the south west region, according to Automotive News. Don't Miss: This Super Bowl 2017 TV Will Blow Your Friends Minds Staff will be specially recruited to help the customers choose the car of their choice however all the sales will be handled by the CarSaver Kiosk. The shoppers coming to shop at the Wal-Mart will be able to apply for car financing as well through the Ally and shop for their insurance too. The system that will be formulated will then have the ability to connect shoppers to the dealership that will be present in the 15 miles radius of the customers. The specially designed car booths will be there to help the customers out with the hassle of car shopping and to avoid the pressure related to it. Wal-Mart and CarSaver already have a pilot program running in Stuart, FL. They found that customers were able to save as much as $3000 on a car’s sticker price through this kind of dealing. T was also concluded that around 80 percent of the customers who came up to the kiosks at Wal-Mart actually bought the desired car at the end. Thus proving the fact that a hassle free shopping experience is loved by customers as well and they are bound to buy a car when it is offered with a discounted price as well. It is said that in the coming two years, the CarSaver will expand in almost all of the stores nationwide. Comments The Author M. Affan M. Affan covers the hottest news that captivate the web today.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 22 minutes ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 27 minutes ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 34 minutes ago Aston Martin Reveals 580-HP Vanquish S Volante Convertible 1 hour ago Ford SmartLink Provides Older Cars Modem Connectivity Features 2 hours ago First Hybrid Human-Pig Embryos Created Using Stem Cells 1 hour ago Time Crystals: New Form of Matter Created 1 hour ago New Study Reveals 1 in 4 Adults and 1 in 10 Teens in US Still Use Tobacco 2 hours ago Apollo 1: NASA Honors Fallen Astronauts 2 hours ago Richard Kelly Talks About Making Donnie Darko 3 3 hours ago First D-Wave Quantum Computer Sold to TDS for $15 Million 3 hours ago Marvel’s Black Panther Cast, Lineup and Synopsis Revealed 3 hours ago, 5:58pm CST Scientists Put the Taste Back in Modern Tomatoes 3 hours ago, 5:53pm CST Metallic Hydrogen is a Reality Now 4 hours ago, 5:13pm CST Best Super Bowl TV Deals: 65-inch Samsung KS8000 HDR 4K TV Dropped in Price 7 hours ago, 2:17pm CST Featured News This Super Bowl 2017 TV Will Blow Away Your Friends The Celebrities in Super Bowl 2017 Commercials: Gal Gadot, Jason Statham, Justin Timberlake, Melissa McCarthy and More   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 To Buy Now NES Classic in Stock at Target Stores, Updated Cars & Vehicles 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 22 minutes ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 27 minutes ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 34 minutes ago Aston Martin Reveals 580-HP Vanquish S Volante Convertible 1 hour ago More Cars &amp; Vehicles Stories Latest News 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 22 minutes ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 27 minutes ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 34 minutes ago First Hybrid Human-Pig Embryos Created Using Stem Cells 1 hour ago More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Super Bowl 2017 Ads The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. Find all Super Bowl 2017 commercials listed in our Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list. Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts. I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business Super Bowl Ads     NES Classic In Stock At Walmart Stores Posted: Jan 27 2017, 2:41am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images/Nintendo   New Nintendo NES Classic inventory arrives at Walmart stores. Updated. More Walmart stores across the nation have the NES Classic in stock today. The inventory level reported by BrickSeek jumped from 1% to 13%. We have spotted 8 NES in stock at the Walmart Supercenter in Rosemead, Walmart in Burbank has 7 and the Walmart store in Santa Fe Springs as 6 NES consoles in stock. Don't Miss: This Super Bowl 2017 TV Will Blow Your Friends Minds Updates: Jan. 27: Walmart continues to have a 13% inventory level on Thursday. The BrickSeek inventory level of the NES at Target has risen from 5 to 7% again. The Walmart stores remain the better option to find a NES Classic. More people had though luck yesterday at ToysRUs stores. TRU stores that had the NES in stock had a dozen NES on hand. Getting the NES at Walmart stores that show green on BrickSeek reportedly can take some effort and requires to get a hold of a store manager.  Jan. 26: Walmart continues to have a 13% inventory level on Thursday. The BrickSeek inventory level of the NES at Target has dropped to 5%. The Walmart stores are now the better option to find a NES Classic. The Walmart store in Downey in California shows 6 NES Classic in stock this morning. Read below how to search for the NES Classic stock at your local Walmart stores. Several people reported successful NES purchases at Walmart stores this morning on the discussion board at NowInStock. The Target stores have basically been the only source of NES over the past weeks. Besides Walmart, GameStop stores sell the NES Classic again. The video game retailer sent us a statement that their stores are receiving new NES consoles starting now. This morning the Nintendo flagship store in New York has the NES Classic in stock again. The store is opened at 9am ET. It appears that Nintendo has finally shipped a notable number of NES Classic consoles to US retailers, but the demand is still by far higher than the supply. How to Check NES Inventory at Walmart stores The BrickSeek inventory checker for the NES at Walmart can be accessed here. Just type in your ZIP and see if any of your local Walmart stores is marked green. The SKU for the NES Classic Edition is 54043501.  There is renewed interest in the NES after hackers found a way to add more games to the NES Classic that increases the pressure on the NES supply. New tools make it easy for NES owners to open up the system and install more games. The instructions to hack the NES Classic Edition are available. The reseller prices of the NES Classic have come down a bit after the Holidays, but are now increasing again to $150 plus shipping on amazon.com. It is easier to find NES Classic controllers Amazon now, although they are not from Nintendo. The Nyko MiniBoss Wireless Controller for NES Classic Edition in stock at Amazon for $18. The 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver is also in stock for $39.99. Find all NES Controller on sale at amazon.com. The demand for the NES is still extremely high. Resellers offer the NES on the Amazon marketplace are $150 and up. Nintendo is under criticism for bad demand forecasting since years. Part of it is intentional as shortage generates buzz. The downside are the countless hours of people spent in line and the caused frustration. There is no update from Nintendo when the Japanese video game maker will resolve the shortage. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. On launch day Nintendo said: "The Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic Edition system is a hot item, and we are working hard to keep up with consumer demand. There will be a steady flow of additional systems through the holiday shopping season and into the new year. Please contact your local retailers to check availability." Nintendo did not make any further comments about the NES Classic supply situation since then. Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils-Aime tried to explain last week in an interview why the NES is suffering a shortage.  "When we looked at that proposition what we believed was the adults, 30-40 years old, who grew up playing NES as a kid, 10 years old or so but had stepped away from the gaming category--that was going to be the buyer," Fils-Aime said to GameStop. "As we thought about that, that led us to a certain level of supply. The reality, however, was that the lapsed gamer and the "more active gamer" bought the NES Classic." This is a poor excuse. Nintendo apparently does not do focus groups ahead of console launches. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The NES Classic Edition comes only with a single wired controller. There are 3rd party controllers and accessories that make the NES more fun to use. Gamers can get additional controllers and even wireless controllers. The Holiday shopping season 2016 has been dominated by the hunt for Hatchimals and the Nintendo NES classic edition. In a short two months the new Nintendo Switch will go sale and Nintendo fans brace for the worst. The Nintendo Switch pre-order are sold out. The supply situation might no be as bad as for the NES, but it will be difficult to get a Switch at launch for customers who have not pre-ordered the Switch. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The HTC Android Wear Smartwatch Project Is No More 11 hours ago, 10:36am CST Now the NES Classic Mod Supports Over 800 Games 18 hours ago, 3:03am CST NES Classic Edition In Stock at GameStop Stores and Online 19 hours ago, 2:48am CST NES Classic in Stock at Target Stores, Updated 19 hours ago, 2:45am CST 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 54 minutes ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 1 hour ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 1 hour ago First Hybrid Human-Pig Embryos Created Using Stem Cells 1 hour ago Time Crystals: New Form of Matter Created 1 hour ago Aston Martin Reveals 580-HP Vanquish S Volante Convertible 2 hours ago New Study Reveals 1 in 4 Adults and 1 in 10 Teens in US Still Use Tobacco 2 hours ago Ford SmartLink Provides Older Cars Modem Connectivity Features 2 hours ago Apollo 1: NASA Honors Fallen Astronauts 3 hours ago Richard Kelly Talks About Making Donnie Darko 3 3 hours ago First D-Wave Quantum Computer Sold to TDS for $15 Million 3 hours ago Featured News This Super Bowl 2017 TV Will Blow Away Your Friends The Celebrities in Super Bowl 2017 Commercials: Gal Gadot, Jason Statham, Justin Timberlake, Melissa McCarthy and More   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 To Buy Now NES Classic in Stock at Target Stores, Updated Technology News The HTC Android Wear Smartwatch Project Is No More 11 hours ago, 10:36am CST Now the NES Classic Mod Supports Over 800 Games 18 hours ago, 3:03am CST NES Classic Edition In Stock at GameStop Stores and Online 19 hours ago, 2:48am CST NES Classic in Stock at Target Stores, Updated 19 hours ago, 2:45am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 54 minutes ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 1 hour ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 1 hour ago First Hybrid Human-Pig Embryos Created Using Stem Cells 1 hour ago More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Super Bowl 2017 Ads The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. Find all Super Bowl 2017 commercials listed in our Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list. Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts. I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Target Plans Apple Pay Rival Despite Recent Data Breach 1/25/2017 7:31 AM ET Target plans to launch its own mobile payment service this year allowing customers to make payment through an app on their mobile phones, reports said. The retailer reportedly said that its planned mobile payments service, at least initially, would be available to Target REDcard holders. The retailer's new service would challenge Apple Pay, Alphabet's Android Pay, and Samsung Pay. Rival Wal-Mart Stores' Wal-Mart Pay was launched in December 2015, while Kohl's recently added Kohl's Pay, along with its own loyalty and rewards program, into its mobile app. Reuters said it first reported that Target was developing its own mobile payment service in December 2015. The Minneapolis-based company with about 1,800 stores may add mobile payments to its CartWheel application, and potentially its main Target application. The company did not confirm which application would be updated to include mobile payments functionality. Also, it is yet to specify the timing of the launch. As per reports, around 27 million shoppers have used Target's CartWheel application over the past three years since its debut. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 More Top Stories Trump Signs Order Instituting "Extreme Vetting" Of Immigrants Stocks Close Roughly Flat For Second Straight Day - U.S. Commentary Abercrombie & Fitch Issues 150 Pink Slips Trump Discusses Mexico, Russia, Brexit In News Conference With May Trump To Speak With Putin By Phone On Saturday Feds Claim Breathometer Made False Claims About Accuracy Trump Expresses Support For "Nuclear Option" Over Supreme Court Nominee Stocks Continue To Lack Direction In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Report: Wet Seal Will Go Extinct Trump Accuses Mexico Of Taking Advantage Of U.S. Study Shows How Jet Lag Affects Baseball Teams McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants U.S. Consumer Sentiment Reaches Thirteen-Year High In January Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico <<Previous        102 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Target Corp. (TGT) Dropped To A New Low After Downgrade Target Downgraded By Goldman Sachs Target Corp. (TGT) Dropped To A 2-Month Low After Guidance Reduced Target Remains Firmly Negative After Initial Sell-Off Target Corp. (TGT) Has Tumbled To A 2-Month Low After Guidance Cut Trade TGT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend Microsoft Q2 Profit Tops Street On Cloud Growth Alphabet Q4 Profit Misses Street Ford GT Will Be The Company's Fastest Car Ever Predictions, Gainers, Losers Ford Q4 Adj. Profit Misses Estimates Caterpillar Q4 Loss Widens; Cuts FY17 Outlook Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Brookfield Canada Office Properties Forms Special Committee To Evaluate Offer Yahoo Reportedly Faces SEC Probe Over Data Hacking Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GNVC, NVIV, CLRB. AQB, BIOA... Elon Musk: Tesla Hardware Revisions Coming On Regular Basis Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, MRNS, BIOA, APTO, PULM... IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX Skittles Spill On Highway, Were Destined For Cattle Feed Freshii Planning Sweeter IPO HP Announces Huge Battery Recall For Overheating Risk Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Huawei Watch 2 Rumors Heating Up Minerals Technologies Names Matthew Garth CFO SAP Raises Outlook As Q4 Profit Climbs Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Announces 26% Fall In Q3 Earnings Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Bob Evans Farms Announces Sale Of Bob Evans Restaurants; To Focus On BEF Foods HP Expands Recall Of Laptop Batteries Due To Fire Hazard LG Electronics FY16 Net Profit, Sales Down; Operating Income Rises United Rentals To Acquire NES Rentals For Approx. $965 Mln - Quick Facts Royal Caribbean Cruises Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates Heinz Gives Salaried Workers Off The Day After Super Bowl Apple Files $1 Bln Lawsuit Against Qualcomm 500.com Announces Changes To Board; Chairman Man San Law Steps Down Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 27, 11:01 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Walmart, CarSaver Partner To Sell Cars From April 1: Report By Rishabh Jain On 01/25/17 AT 6:57 AM Close Walmart is reportedly partnering with online car retailer CarSaver to sell cars in 25 of Walmart's stores across the U.S. starting April 1. For this venture, CarSaver is partnering with dealership groups such as AutoNation and financing companies such as Ally Financial. CarSaver kiosks will be set up at Walmart, and customers buying the cars will receive help in making their purchases through Walmart employees, Automotive News reported. The Touchscreen kiosk will help customers make the purchase.   Shoppers will be able to apply for financing through Ally and also shop for insurance. The system placed at the kiosk will then connect them to a dealership within 15 miles of Walmart. The scope of the program can be determined by the fact that 90 percent of U.S. consumers live within 15 miles of a Walmart store, and 140 million of them visit a store each week. "The right location is very valuable. You want to make sure it's convenient for your customers," AutoNation Chief Marketing Officer Marc Cannon told Auto News on Monday. “It's not just the sale. We want to keep them as a customer and continue to develop the service part of our business.” Related Stories Walmart Slashes Christmas Eve Hours The Best Christmas Sales So, while you might not be picking up a car the way you make your regular purchases at Walmart, you will be able to select, finance and insure a vehicle inside a Walmart store and schedule an appointment at the nearest dealership for the rest. CarSaver and Walmart ran a pilot program with 20 participating dealerships in Stuart, Florida, in April 2016. "It is not uncommon for us to test different customer offerings in our stores using our leased spaces," Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman said. CarSaver CEO Sean Wolfington reportedly said that over half of the appointments made via the program generated a sale, and customers, on an average, saved $3,000 as the program offers upfront pricing with no scope for haggling. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Trump Has Tax Plan To Pay For Border Wall The U.S. runs a $59 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would raise funds to pay for the wall. Technology Mark Zuckerberg 'Concerned' With Trump Immigration Executive Orders The Facebook executive issued the note on his personal page. World Facts And Recipes For The 2017 Chinese Lunar New Year Every year, Chinese families gather from around the world for two weeks at their homes for celebrations and feasts. National Tensions Simmer Below Surface As Trump, Republicans Map Strategy Donald Trump may be at odds with Republicans who are not willing to accept spending deals. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scorpio Tankers Inc. Expected to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($0.13) Per Share (STNG) First Community Bancshares, Inc. (FCBC) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 1st Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP (TEP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.82 on February 14th Cheetah Mobile Inc (CMCM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Crane Company (CR) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Dolby Laboratories (DLB) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Receives $6.00 Average Target Price from Analysts Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (CXP) Receives $21.25 Consensus PT from Analysts Colabor Group Inc (GCL) PT Raised to C$1.50 at TD Securities Canyon Services Group Inc. (FRC) Price Target Cut to C$8.00 Dirtt Environmental Solutions Ltd (DRT) Price Target Raised to C$8.50 Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Granite Oil Corp (GXO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Enerplus Corp (ERF) PT Raised to C$14.50 at CIBC William Blair Comments on The Blackstone Group L.P.’s FY2016 Earnings (BX) FY2016 Earnings Estimate for Ampliphi Biosciences Corp (APHB) Issued By Roth Capital FY2016 Earnings Estimate for Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (WDR) Issued By William Blair Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Boosts Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 3.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 254,324 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 7,763 shares during the period. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $18,341,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth about $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth about $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the period. Finally, Hartford Financial Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.9% in the third quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. now owns 2,261 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 67.40 on Wednesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $207.13 billion, a PE ratio of 14.62 and a beta of 0.10. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $69.41 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.97. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 12-month low of $62.35 and a 12-month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.03 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Boosts Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/old-mutual-global-investors-uk-ltd-boosts-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on WMT shares. KeyCorp started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, September 29th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $90.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Guggenheim started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective for the company. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $72.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, October 10th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.55. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,760,808.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Walmart is going to start selling cars because why not? Mike Wehner BGR NewsJanuary 25, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share You can already buy just about anything you need at Walmart, and now the mega retailer is going to start selling something you probably never expected: cars. Yep, the country’s biggest store chain will provide car-buying services at 25 of its largest stores in Texas, Arizona, and Oklahoma, allowing you to walk into the store for a gallon of milk and walk out with a new gas-guzzling SUV. Isn’t America wonderful?  Don't Miss: T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores As Automotive News reports, selected Walmart stores won’t actually be operating themselves as dealerships, however, but will instead partner with dealership groups to provide access to car-buying terminals within its stores. Much like Walmart provides spaces for banks, credit unions, fast food chains and even doctors to operate within its stores, the auto sales will be conducted from a small shop in the front of the store. Customers will be able to purchase cars via CarSaver, a digital platform which utilizes touchscreen kiosks so shoppers can browse a selection of new and used vehicles and even get approved for financing and insurance right from within the Walmart. It sounds like a slick little system, but here’s the catch: the cars aren’t actually at Walmart at all. Customers can’t test drive them or kick the tires at the store, but instead have to travel to the actual car dealership that has the car they wanted. If a customer actually follows through and purchases the vehicle, CarSaver gets a “success fee” of $350 or thereabouts. I don’t know about you, but I’ve never tried to get approved for an auto loan before even sitting in the car I wanted to buy, but hey, it’s Walmart after all. Trending right now: iPhone 7 Plus vs Google Pixel ‘bokeh’ shootout isn’t even close T-Mobile employees share horror stories of lies and bill cramming in ‘wild outlaw’ stores The most stunning Galaxy S8 renders we’ve seen so far See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News A Jaw-Dropping 21-Month 0% APR Card Has Arrived NextAdvisorSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this BGR News Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close David Woo/Staff Photographer Wal-Mart rejects report that it will expand car-sales program to Dallas Filed under Retail at 3 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Marc Ramirez, Dallas Morning News Connect with Marc Ramirez On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Updated at 10:20 p.m. Tuesday:  Revised to include comment from Wal-Mart rejecting the original report. Despite a report that Wal-Mart is involved in an expanded car-sales program in its stores around the country, the retail giant is saying no such plans are in the works. Automotive News reported this week that after participating in a pilot program in Florida with online car seller CarSaver and several dealerships, the service would soon be available in Wal-Mart stores in North Texas in addition to Houston, Phoenix and Oklahoma City. A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. spokesperson said Tuesday that although Car Saver is a tenant in a Stuart, Fla., store, the company as yet has no plans to expand beyond that location. The Automotive News story said CarSaver is partnering with dealers in Texas, Oklahoma and Arizona to begin selling vehicles at various Wal-Mart Supercenters in the four markets on April 1.  The program, according to the publication, would allow buyers to use CarSaver's digital platform at centers placed inside the stores to choose, finance and insure new or used cars. View Comments Tags Retail Autos Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Stock Faceoff: Wal-Mart Stores Inc vs Target Corporation (WMT, TGT) How the Giants Of Retail compare is critical to investors Jan 24, 2017, 11:30 am EST  |  By ValueWalk     View All   On the back of a strong holiday season, retailers are back in the spotlight. To start out the new year, we want to take the time to circle back to two of our previous long ideas on some of the giants in the retail industry: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) and Target Corporation (TGT). We recommended both of these companies to investors in 2015. So far, both picks have underperformed. WMT is up 1% since our call, vs. 14% for the S&P 500. TGT has dropped by 11% while the S&P is up 6%. Both stocks still look sound, while earning our Attractive rating. Since these are two of the largest retailers in America, and direct competitors, it seems fair to ask: which is the better stock for investors in 2017? In this article, we will judge Wal-Mart and Target on five key categories: Profitability Valuation Cash Flow Yield Corporate Governance Growth Opportunities Two stocks enter. One stock leaves. Who will emerge the champion in this faceoff of retail giants? Wal-Mart vs Target  – Profitability From 1998 to 2015, Wal-Mart dominated this category. The company earned a superior return on invested capital (ROIC) in every single year over that time frame. Per Figure 1, however, that dominance evaporated last year. Figure 1: Wal-Mart Vs. Target ROIC: 1998-Current Sources: New Constructs, LLC and company filings. Target’s ROIC has surged in the past few years as it has sold off unprofitable business lines and refocused on its core competencies. Wal-Mart’s ROIC has gone in the opposite direction as it has overpaid for acquisitions and seen its already thin margins further squeezed by rising labor costs. The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: The Experts’ Picks Though Wal-Mart’s profitability dominated Target for most of the last twenty years, we’ve seen Target make some big improvements while Wal-Mart has faltered. Right now, Target is the more profitable company, and we expect that edge to last. Scoreboard: Target 1, Wal-Mart 0 WMT and TGT Stock Valuations Both of these stocks are cheap. A variety of factors, from low growth potential, to the evergreen fears over Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), have weighed on their stock prices. WMT was up 13% in 2016, while TGT was flat, but both stocks are still quite cheap based on their current profits. Both stocks have a price to economic book value ratio (PEBV) of just 0.6. This ratio means the market expects a permanent 40% decline in after-tax operating profit (NOPAT) for both companies. While it’s certainly fair to be wary of the risks facing traditional retailers, such a pessimistic outlook seems unwarranted. Both Wal-Mart and Target are appealingly cheap, which makes this round a push. Scoreboard: Target 1.5, Wal-Mart 0.5 Let’s continue to evaluate these two giants… Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/wal-mart-vs-target-stock-faceoff-giants-of-retail/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 3 Fast-Food Stocks That Are Sweating Bullets Thanks to McDonald’s The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth 3 Covered Calls to Drop a $1,000 in Your Bank Account Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
off Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Friday, January 27, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Business Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Home Business This craft beer is made for Walmart | But you won’t find the name of the nation’s largest retailer on the label print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 2938472 false These "craft" beers are brewed for Wal-Mart and Trader Joe's. (Fritz Hahn/Washington Post photo) Click here to enlarge image This craft beer is made for Walmart But you won’t find the name of the nation’s largest retailer on the label By Fritz Hahn / The Washington Post Published Jan 24, 2017 at 04:20PM / Updated Jan 24, 2017 at 08:31PM ­­Many beer geeks spent the end of 2016 debating their list of the year’s best releases — Voodoo’s ManBearPig imperial stout? Tree House’s King JJJuliusss double IPA? Ocelot’s Talking Backwards triple IPA? — and looking back at the rising tides of sour beers and fruit-flavored IPAs. But one of the biggest beer developments of the past 12 months is this: Wal-Mart now sells its own “craft” beer. Go ahead and laugh. I’m assuming most beer lovers don’t spend much time thinking about the craft ales and lagers in the cooler at Wal-Mart, especially if the selection is as mediocre as the one at my local D.C. store, where the few sixers and sampler 12-packs of Flying Dog, New Belgium and Dogfish Head are dwarfed by 30-packs of Natural Light and Tecate. But market research firm Placed Insights ranks Wal-Mart as the most popular store in the country, with more than half of all American shoppers visiting one of the company’s 4,600 stores in a given month. That’s a lot of eyes falling on those products. Teresa Budd, a senior buyer for Wal-Mart’s adult beverage team, says the company began to notice its craft beer sales growing a few years ago, especially compared with sales of mainstream domestic beers. The company put out an offer to suppliers around the country, seeking to produce an IPA, a pale ale, an amber ale and a Belgian-style ale, Budd says, because “those were the top four best-selling craft styles at the time.” After samplings and tastings, “making sure it’s exactly what we want,” Wal-Mart began producing beer in “collaboration” with a company called Trouble Brewing in Rochester, N.Y. The beers launched in six-packs and a 12-can variety pack in early 2016, and they’re found in 3,000 stores across 45 states. Budd says the response from consumers has been enthusiastic, and the line may expand with new or seasonal beers in the future. Unlike the house-brand beers of some of the company’s competitors, including Costco and Trader Joe’s, Trouble Brewing offers no clue on the label to tell you that Wal-Mart was behind its creation. A shopper heading down the aisle to look for Samuel Adams or Miller High Life might see the ersatz-hipster labels of Cat’s Away IPA and After Party Pale Ale, or the distressed fonts and “torn”-look packaging of the Pack of Trouble variety 12-pack, and assume they were made by some new craft brewery that just hit the market. It’s also hard to ignore the price: $7.96 for a six-pack and $13.86 for the variety pack. That’s $3 to $5 cheaper than other craft beers on the same shelf. Lower cost and perceived value are a competitive advantage for established store house brands: Most of Trader Joe’s “exclusive” brews, such as Mission St. IPA and JosephsBrau Bohemian Lager, cost $6.49 to $6.99 per six-pack, or $1.09 to $1.17 each for shoppers who mix and match. A 22-ounce bottle of Green Flash Fearless Fifty, an exclusive saison created by the San Diego brewery for Trader Joe’s 50th anniversary, is $5.99. At Costco, a whopping 48-pack of its Signature Light Beer costs $22.49. (Of course, you have to buy in bulk.) Another thing these store brands have in common is a tendency to deliberately obscure — or flat-out conceal — where the beer is coming from. In the case of Wal-Mart, no American brewery with the name Trouble Brewing actually exists. The applicant listed on filings for the four beers with the Treasury Department’s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau is “Winery Exchange, Inc.,” now known as WX Brands, which “develops exclusive brands of wine, beer and spirits for retailers around the world,” according to its website. The brewery address given on the TTB documents is Genesee Brewing’s business office. Genesee is not a craft brewery, which the national Brewers Association defines as small, independent and traditional; it’s owned by Costa Rica-based Florida Ice and Farm, which brews that country’s Imperial Lager and other industrial brands. Its flagship American beers, Genesee and Genesee Cream Ale, are cheap college-party staples, and it’s tough to convince people that your brand is hip and craft when those are the other products coming out of the tanks. Wal-Mart’s Budd says there’s no intention to deceive consumers, pointing out that Wal-Mart doesn’t put the company name on its private label brands, whether camping gear or cat food. “We were intentional about designing a package that conveyed a look and feel you’d expect of craft beer,” she said. Likewise, previous variety packs of Costco’s Kirkland Signature Handcrafted Beer, which will return to stores this spring, claimed that the IPAs and brown ales came from either New Yorker Brewer in Utica, N.Y., or Hopfen und Malz in San Jose, depending on where the beer was purchased. The TTB reveals they’re brewed at F.X. Matt (the home of Saranac) and Gordon Biersch, respectively. Trader Joe’s sources its beers from several brewers. Most German-style beers purport to be from JosephsBrau Brewing while actually being contract-brewed by Gordon Biersch; the Mission Street IPA and Session Pale Ale beers are brewed by Salt Lake City’s Four + Brewing, a pseudonym for Uinta, after years of being produced under contract at the well-respected Firestone Walker. Fat Weasel’s label says it’s brewed by “River Trent Brewing Company, Ukiah, CA,” while it actually comes from Mendocino Brewing. And so on. Affordable beers made by breweries that most people have heard of? The only question left is “How does it taste?” I convened a team of Washington Post staffers for a blind tasting of beers purchased at Wal-Mart and Trader Joe’s and asked them to write down their thoughts. The results were not that positive: Trouble Brewing’s Red Flag Amber Ale was described as “flabby,” “knock-you-over-the-head syrupy sweet” and “good for flip cup.” The JosephsBrau Bohemian Lager elicited “watery,” “tastes like college” and “channels a Heineken that’s been open for a little too long.” Trouble Brewing’s After Party Ale was “bland nothingness” and “lacking an identifiable taste.” The standouts, according to the testers, included JosephBrau’s Hefeweizen, which had the bright mouth feel and bubble gum and banana notes you’d expect from a German wheat beer, even as one reviewer called it “drinkable, if not particularly memorable.” The Mission St. Session Pale Ale got mixed reviews — though still better than the IPAs — for its bitterness and citrusy hops, although it was also called “thin” and “nothing to get excited about.” Trouble Brewing’s most popular brew was ’Round Midnight Belgian White, which didn’t strike anyone as an outstanding witbier but received complements on its spice and fruitiness, as well as easy drinkability. 16265993 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window 2016: The year in review The Bulletin's top photos of 2016 Slideshow The building of a Keith Manufacturing Walking Floor Slideshow Hops harvest Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business ICYMI: Most broadband users still pay for television 01/23/2017 A 37-year-old teacher, Ryan Kelling, of Bend, pays for DirecTV, broadband internet, ... more Drug testing bill filed in Salem 01/20/2017 A bill meant to prevent employers from using off-the-clock marijuana use as ... more State disciplines Bend accountant 01/26/2017 A Bend accountant faces heavy financial penalties and further disciplinary action if ... more Bend-based credit union tackles good challenges 01/24/2017 All of Mid Oregon Credit Union’s challenges stem from growth, and those ... more Disaster creates opportunity for snow and ice contractors 01/26/2017 Cricket Kadoch paid an out-of-state contractor $2,850 for six hours of work ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Terroristic Threats at College Park On 1/10/2017 at 1:30pm, Montgomery County Sheriffs Deputies responded to Walmart located at 3040 College Park in reference to a bomb threat. Montgomery County Communications advised that a witness was on location in the parking lot and there was a male (suspect) near a green van talking about turning his van into a bomb and driving it into #1 Criminal Justice Drive (The Montgomery County Sheriffs Office Headquarters). The witness also stated there were numerous other remarks made about making bombs and mustard gas during their conversation. Deputies and officers from assisting agencies arrived and began setting up a perimeter around the parking lot. The suspect was located, bent over inside the rear engine compartment of his 1970s model Volkswagen van. There were several Walmart employees standing within a few feet of him along with a mounted Alpha & Omega mounted security officer. Due to the potentially deadly circumstances, deputies snuck up behind the suspect and safely detained him. The suspect was identified as Danyal Arafat and is known to local law enforcement due to multiple encounters regarding his diminished mental state. The witness was interviewed and stated he was walking into Walmart and stopped to talk to Mr. Arafat about his van. The witness stated that Mr. Arafat abruptly handed him a baggie of money and asked him to go inside and purchase shotgun shells and model rocket motors so that he, Mr. Arafat, could finish making a bomb to blow up the Sheriffs Office. The witness refused to help and continued conversations with Mr. Arafat while he contacted MCSO dispatch for law enforcement assistance. Deputies deployed an explosive K-9 to thoroughly search the Mr. Arafats van for any bomb making our explosive materials and found none. Due to the seriousness of the nature of Mr. Arafats threats and his solicitation for help in constructing an explosive device, he was taken into custody for Felony Terroristic Threat. Sheriff Henderson wishes to extend his gratitude to the witness who did the right thing by immediately contacting the Sheriffs Office for help. While it was proven that Mr. Arafat, fortunately, did not pose an immediate danger to the public or law enforcement, we can never be too careful. Information Source Captain Bryan Carlisle Montgomery County Sheriffs Office Executive Office Sitemap { Magazine Layout Software by bulletlink.com }
Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player View Navigation NPR NPR NPR Music NPR Books NPR About NPRPodcast Directory Search Toggle search NPR Home News Arts & Life Music Topics Programs & Podcasts NPR Music Genres New Music Concerts & Videos Articles & Lists Tiny Desk NPR Books Author Interviews Find Books Reviews About NPR Overview Connect Support Press Careers Podcast Directory Categories Shop Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos More Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back News & Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now 1A Code Switch Embedded Latino USA NPR Politics Podcast On Point Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Youth Radio Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another The Best Of Car Talk The Big Listen Bullseye Hidden Brain How I Built This Invisibilia Only A Game Planet Money Pop Culture Happy Hour Radio Ambulante StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music First Listen All Songs Considered Songs We Love Tiny Desk Alt.Latino From The Top Jazz Night In America Metropolis Mountain Stage Piano Jazz The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe More All Programs Podcast Directory NPR Podcasts Back Rock Pop Jazz Classical Hip-Hop R&B/Soul Folk Latin World Electronic/Dance Back First Listen Songs We Love All Songs Considered Reviews Music Videos Back Tiny Desk Live Concerts Field Recordings Studio Sessions Music Documentaries Music Videos Festival Recordings Back Articles Interviews Quizzes Music Lists Best Music of the Year Back Art & Design Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Economy Children's Books Comedy Comics & Graphic Novels Digital Culture Faith & Spirituality Food & Wine History & Society Historical Fiction Horror & Supernatural Literary Fiction Mystery & Thrillers Parenting & Families Poetry Politics & Public Affairs Romance Science Fiction & Fantasy Science & Health Sports Travel Young Adult Nonfiction Fiction Back Book Reviews This Week's Must Read My Guilty Pleasure Three Books... PG-13: Risky Reads You Must Read This Summer Books Best Books of the Year Back Overview Overview and History Mission and Vision Stations and Public Media NPR Finances People Ethics Awards Back Visit NPR NPR Presents Studio 1 Events Generation Listen Book a Speaker Request Permissions Ways to Listen NPR Extra Blog Email Newsletters Shop NPR Get Help Contact Us Back Support Public Radio Corporate Sponsorship Volunteer Back Releases and Statements Photos and Logos Fact Sheet (PDF) Media Relations Contacts Back Careers at NPR Search Jobs Culture Applying Interns Fellows Digital Back Arts Business Comedy Education Games & Hobbies Government & Organizations Health Kids & Family Music News & Politics Religion & Spirituality Science & Medicine Society & Culture Sports & Recreation Technology TV & Film Some Firms Are Harnessing Trump's Tweets As A Marketing Strategy Listen · 3:45 3:45 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/511415043/511468510" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Some Firms Are Harnessing Trump's Tweets As A Marketing Strategy 3:45 Business Some Firms Are Harnessing Trump's Tweets As A Marketing Strategy Some Firms Are Harnessing Trump's Tweets As A Marketing Strategy Listen · 3:45 3:45 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/511415043/511468510" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Facebook Twitter Google+ Email January 24, 20175:56 PM ET Heard on All Things Considered Yuki Noguchi Twitter Enlarge this image Using his personal Twitter account, Trump has publicly thanked Walmart, among other companies, for their plans to increase investment and job creation. It's not yet clear how his tweets may affect company decision making. Joe Raedle/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images Using his personal Twitter account, Trump has publicly thanked Walmart, among other companies, for their plans to increase investment and job creation. It's not yet clear how his tweets may affect company decision making. Joe Raedle/Getty Images Rarely has a U.S. president been so willing to use his platform as both bullhorn and cudgel to exert public pressure on individual companies. But one of the hallmarks of President Trump's approach to economic policy since his election has been his willingness to publicly endorse — and shame — companies in order to advance his message. The Two-Way Shaming Firms That Export Jobs Has Worked For Trump So Far The new president's frequent use of social media has created an entirely new kind of public-relations channel, one that companies are trying to exploit, in particular by touting their hiring announcements. Last week, Trump publicly thanked Walmart for its "big jobs push" after the retailer last week released details of a hiring and capital spending plan that it had originally announced in October before the election. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 Sprint Chairman Masayoshi Son parlayed his Dec. 6 meeting with the then-president elect into several supportive tweets from Trump. Ford, General Motors, Hyundai Motors and its affiliate Kia, have all made investment announcements referencing Trump's tax or economic policies. Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016 Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016 "They're using Trump as a marketing channel," says Jonah Berger, a marketing professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School. He says it's a new paradigm, both for the president and for major company brands. "Companies didn't used to feel like they could curry favor with a president through making some moves like this, but today's day and age it seems like a possibility so companies are exploring it," Berger says. Trump's prime focus has been the auto industry, where he has named individual companies and brands as possible targets for higher tariffs on cars made in Mexico. Article continues after sponsorship On Monday, during his first meeting with business leaders, Trump called out Ford CEO Mark Fields and the company's decision to scrap plans for a $1.6 billion in Mexico in favor of expanding in Michigan. Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017 "Mark was so nice with the plant, I wanted to sit next to him," Trump told the business executives. Trump criticized Ford's rival, General Motors, earlier in the month because it manufactures some Chevy Cruzes for U.S. sale in Mexico. But then last week, GM said it would invest an additional $1 billion in the U.S., and Trump thanked the company in a tweet. General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 3, 2017 GM spokesman Patrick Morrissey acknowledges that with U.S. job creation in the spotlight, "this was good timing for us to share what we are doing." It is not yet clear how Trump's Twitter account might shape decision making for companies going forward. Many of the investment plans Trump has tweeted were planned — or even originally announced — well before the election. Business U.S. Manufacturers Brace For Trump's Next Trade Targets Take, for example, Fiat Chrysler's announcement to increase its U.S. investment by $1 billion — which garnered a "thank you" tweet from Trump this month. CEO Sergio Marchionne told reporters that investment decision was made more than a year ago, and that the attaboy from Trump wasn't anticipated. "None of us have had a tweeting president before," Marchionne said at a Dec. 9 press conference. "It's a new way of communication, and I think we're going to have to learn how to respond." It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 9, 2017 In most cases, companies are capitalizing on investment and hiring decisions that were set in motion well before Trump's election. Berger, the Wharton marketing professor, says it's not clear that companies will change investment decisions based on favorable tweets. "Whether we'll see companies actually changing their behavior, you know, actually doing different things or moving jobs in one way or another because of him, that's a little bit more costly, and I think we will see some of that, but not as much as firms taking advantage of old news and recycling it," Berger says. The Two-Way Trump Takes Credit For Saving A U.S. Ford Plant That Wasn't Planning To Move But the new president's approval ratings are already low, so could companies see a backlash for trying to curry favor? It's certainly possible, Berger says, but if Trump is endorsing the companies, and not the other way around, there's less chance it could backfire. tweets walmart Donald Trump auto industry Facebook Twitter Google+ Email NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Homepage News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos Programs About NPR Overview NPR Finances People at NPR Support NPR Visit NPR Press Room NPR Extra Blog Careers at NPR Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only
Contactmusic Videos Artists Photos Movies Music News Home Login / Register Account / Logout Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Contactmusic > Tracy Morgan > News > Tracy Morgan Ordered To Turn Over Records In Crash... Tracy Morgan Ordered To Turn Over Records In Crash Lawsuit - Report By WENN in Movies / TV / Theatre on 24 January 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Tracy Morgan Tracy Morgan Comedian/actor Tracy Morgan has reportedly been ordered to present insurers with his health and financial records relating to his lawsuit following a fatal car crash in 2014. The former 30 Rock star's close pal and fellow comedian James MCNair was killed when a truck driven by Wal-Mart employee Kevin Roper collided with a limousine carrying the two comics and friends in New Jersey. The accident left Morgan and two other passengers seriously injured. Morgan launched a federal negligence lawsuit against Wal-Mart executives in 2014, but the case was dismissed in May, 2015 after the two parties managed to reach a confidential settlement. The terms of the deal were kept private, but Morgan's friend, fellow funnyman Damon Wayans, claimed the star walked away with a cheque for $90 million (£72.2 million). Bosses at Ohio Casualty Insurance Company and Liberty Insurance Underwriters are challenging the settlement and whether they are obligated to pay the "exorbitant" amount and they have requested the paperwork to determine if executives at Wal-Mart settled too quickly without fully investigating the extent of Morgan's injuries after the accident. However, bosses at the American store insist they kept the insurers abreast of each development during the settlement negotiations. The insurers are seeking financial records from five years prior to the accident, tax returns, settlement paperwork, health records, and "documents generated after the settlement that refer or relate to his (Morgan) appearing on national television shortly after the settlement, driving a Lamborghini in midtown Manhattan shortly after the settlement, Tracy's Morgan's ability to walk around midtown New York shortly after the settlement and his appearing at the Emmy Awards to make a presentation." Last week (ends20Jan17), a New Jersey judge approved the motion to enforce the subpoena and the actor was given 20 days to comply, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Contactmusic Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Tracy Morgan Advertisement Related Tracy Morgan Ordered To Turn Over Records In Crash Lawsuit - Report Truck Driver Pleads Guilty To Vehicular Homicide Following Tracy Morgan Crash Tracy Morgan Doesn't Hold A Grudge Against Driver Who Nearly Killed Him Tracy Morgan's Emmy Nomination 'Means Everything' The Things They Say: 5366641 Tracy Morgan Dedicates Emmy Nomination To Late Friend Tracy Morgan Cancels Show In Mississippi Over Anti-lgbt Law Advertisement Tracy Morgan Saw His Late Father While Fighting For Life Tracy Morgan: 'I Felt Funnier After My Accident' Tracy Morgan Crash Driver Pleads Not Guilty To Manslaughter And Assault Charges Tracy Morgan: 'My Daughter Pushed Me To Walk Again After Accident' Tracy Morgan Crash Driver Indicted On Manslaughter And Assault Charges Truck Driver In Tracy Morgan Crash Hoping To Have Criminal Case Dismissed Tracy Morgan Was Blind After Car Accident Advertisement Movies and Trailers Fist Fight Trailer It's safe to say that most kids experience some kind of big fight in the... The Night Before Movie Review This blending of the stoner bromance with the Christmas comedy works surprisingly well, layering gross-out... Accidental Love Trailer Alice Eckle is a roller-skating waitress deeply in love with Indiana State Trooper Scott. Before... Top Five Movie Review Chris Rock has essentially written and directed a film based on one of his own... Top Five Trailer Andre Allen has been voted the Funniest Man in America in his illustrious career as... The Boxtrolls Movie Review A triumph on a variety of levels, this staggeringly detailed stop-motion animation has a wonderfully... The Boxtrolls Trailer Eggs is a young boy living in the dairy loving, wealthy town of Cheesbridge. He... Advertisement The Boxtrolls Trailer The Boxtrolls are odd underground creatures that wear cardboard boxes as if they were shells.... Rio 2 Trailer Blu and Jewel believe that they are two of a kind as the only full... The Boxtrolls Trailer Eggs is a young orphaned boy who had possibly the most unusual upbringing one could... Rio 2 Trailer Blu and Jewel's babies are growing up fast and developing an eagerness to learn about... Rio 2 Trailer Blu and Jewel live as an idyllic life as any blue macaw could wish for,... The Son Of No One Trailer Jonathan is a young cop with a loving wife and small daughter. He enjoys his... Rio Movie Review A lively South American beat infuses this colourful animated romp. The filmmakers make the most... Advertisement Actors Index: 0 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Help Contact Us T&Cs Privacy Cookie Policy Site Map Copyright © 2017 Contactmusic.com Ltd, all rights reserved Contactmusic Home Editors Recommended Editors Recommended News News Headlines News Headlines Trending Headlines Music / Festival News Music / Festival News Musicians & bands in the news Movie / TV / Theatre News Movie / TV / Theatre News Actors & filmmakers in the news Lifestyle / Showbiz News Lifestyle / Showbiz News Celebrities in the news News Archive News Archive Music Music Reviews Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music Movies Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Photos Latest Photos Popular Photos Latest Photos Updated Galleries Most Mentioned Most Mentioned People in Photos Photo Archive Photo Archive Artists Trending Artists Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Actors Filmmakers Celebrities Celebrities Bands and Musicians Bands Musicians Interviews Interviews Videos Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Video Chart Video Chart Most Mentioned Most Menioned Artists in Video ✕ Music Video Movie Trailers Video Chart Most Mentioned Videos Music Video Top Music Videos Videos Most Menioned Artists in Video Videos Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Videos Video Chart Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Bands and Musicians Celebrities Interviews Artists Trending Artists   Artists Actors Filmmakers Artists Bands Musicians Artists Celebrities   Artists Interviews Latest Photos Popular Photos Most Mentioned Photo Archive Photos Latest Photos Latest Galleries Photos Popular Photos Popular Galleries Photos Most Mentioned People in Photos Photos Photo Archive Go Back in Time using our Photos archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Most Mentioned Movies Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Movies Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Movies Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Music Reviews Music Video Most Mentioned Music Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Music Video Top Music Videos Music Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music News Headlines Music / Festival News Movie / TV / Theatre News Lifestyle / Showbiz News News Archive News News Headlines Trending Headlines News Music / Festival News musicians & bands in the news News Movie / TV / Theatre News actors & filmmakers in the news News Lifestyle / Showbiz News celebrities in the news News Press Releases News News Archive Go Back in Time using our News archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Editors Recommended Home Editors Recommended
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime updated: 1/24/2017 4:16 PM Fox Valley police reports Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Carpentersville • A residential burglary occurred between 5 and 8 p.m. Jan. 17 in the 1800 block of Endicott Circle. A window in the back of the house was smashed, and the master bedroom had been ransacked. Stolen items include jewelry, a Samsung tablet, a Sony PlayStation 4, video games, a kids' bank, a Chromebook and cash. • Staci L. Jones, 35, of Carpentersville, was charged Jan. 17 with retail theft and criminal trespassing, police said. She is accused of stealing $125 worth of groceries from Wal-Mart, 365 Lake Marian Road. She had previously been banned from all Wal-Mart stores after she was caught stealing at a Crystal Lake store, records show. • A brick was thrown through the windshield of a Jeep Cherokee parked outside a house in the 700 block of Houston Drive. The owner of the vehicle says it likely occurred between 1 and 2 a.m. Jan. 15. • Carla Y. Chavez, 27, of Elgin, was charged Jan. 14 with retail theft, police said. She is accused of stealing $174 worth of groceries and clothing from Wal-Mart, 365 Lake Marian Road. • About $4,200 was reported stolen Jan. 12 from an office in the Liberty Lanes bowling alley on LW Besinger Drive. Kane County • LeAntoine Williams, 22, of the 200 block of Falcon Ridge Way, Bolingbrook, was charged with possession of a firearm without a Firearm Owner's Identification card, possession of less than 10 grams of marijuana, improper display of a license plate, no insurance and no valid driver's license after a traffic stop at 3:20 a.m. Saturday near Sherman Avenue and Douglas Street near Aurora, according to a sheriff's report. Williams' license plate did not match his vehicle and a deputy found a stolen pistol with ammunition, along with 4.9 grams of marijuana, in the vehicle. • A resident of the 1S0-99 block of West Burnham Lane near Geneva reported Saturday that three checks totaling $6,347 were cashed without authorization between Jan. 13 and 17. • A wristwatch and $80 were stolen between 5 and 11:25 p.m. Friday after someone broke though a door and into a home on the 1500 block of Indian Avenue near Aurora, causing $215 damage, according to a sheriff's report. • Ryan Patrick Siebert, 20, of the 43W500 block of Timber Crest Drive, Elburn, was charged with possession of 30 to 100 grams of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia and speeding more than 35 mph over the limit after a traffic stop at 2:59 p.m. Thursday on Route 38 near Elburn, according to a sheriff's report. Deputies pulled over Siebert for going 93 mph in a 50 mph zone and found 31 grams of marijuana in three different plastic bags in the car, along with a grinder for marijuana. • A resident of the 42W700 block of Steeplechase Road near St. Charles reported a case of identify theft at 3 p.m. Jan. 13 after receiving $1,215 bill from a Nicor account from 2005 to 2007 that the resident never opened. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Elgin Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Carpentersville Elburn Elgin Geneva St. Charles Police Blotter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News The Moto G5 Has Reportedly Passed Through The FCC Tech Talk: Microsoft Is Battling The Chromebook Education Market Google Trust Services Creates & Issues Web Certificates Rumor: Alcatel Will Launch A New Modular Phone At MWC 2017 Recent Reviews Review: OUKITEL U20 Plus Android Smartphone Review: Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Android Smartphone Review: Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Tango Phone Review: BLUBOO Edge Android Smartphone Android Deals Pick Up 2 Mengo Magna-Snap Magnetic Car Mounts for $10 – 1/27/17 Deal: Huawei Honor 8, 64GB with Gifts for $339 – 1/27/17 Today’s Tech Deals – Jan. 27th, 2017: Misfit Smartwatch, Huawei Mate 9 & More Deal: Anker Quick Charge 3.0 39W Dual USB Wall Charger for $21.19 – 1/27/17 Special Features Top 10 Best Android Tablets and 2-in-1s – January 2017 Weekly Poll: Are You More Excited About The LG G6 or Samsung Galaxy S8? VR Weekly: Why Aren’t There More Motion-Based VR Games? How To Transfer Files To & From Your NVIDIA SHIELD 2017 Target Will Unveil Their Mobile Payment Service in 2017 January 24, 2017 - Written By Alexander Maxham Target will be debuting their own mobile payment service later this year. Their service will likely be similar to what Walmart has right now with Walmart Pay. Where it’s not part of one of the bigger services currently available, like Android Pay and Apple Pay, but their own service, that could be part of their own app that is already available on Android and iOS. Targets Chief Information and Digital Officer, Michael McNamara noted that this feature could come to both of their apps this year. There was no word on how exactly this feature would work, but there’s definitely plenty of speculation. McNamara did note that the new mobile payment service will likely be available to shoppers who have the Target REDcard only, at least when it first launches. The REDcard is either a debit or a credit card that has a few perks for its customers to use it, like 5% off purchases at Target and free shipping. This would be a way for Target to test out the new service with a smaller group of customers, instead of just everyone who shops at Target. Mobile payment solutions have become a pretty popular service over the past few years. Apple, Google and Samsung have all launched their own services and have numerous merchants on board already. However some larger merchants are looking for their own way to get a piece of the mobile payments pie. Seeing as Apple, Google and Samsung all take a small percentage of each sale that is done through their services, the retailers want a cut as well. Which has led to Kohls and Walmart introducing their own mobile payment solution. Of course, retailers aren’t the only ones doing this, as banks are also jumping on board. Chase has launched Chase Pay, and Capital One has the feature included in their app (although their’s is pretty straightforward, and their cards are still compatible with Apple, Google and Samsung’s systems). In the next few years, we could see loads of different mobile payment services available, many of which will likely overlap each other, and offer some different features, but most of them will be similar. Post navigation Moto M Global Footprint Extends To Indonesia, Russia & More These Galaxy S8 Concept Renders Depict A Very Sleek Design January 24, 2017 | Android App News , Android News Source: Target Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Leak Shows Off The Best Look Yet At The LG Watch Style Google Opinion Rewards Will Now Audibly Notify Users Phone Comparisons: Lenovo Moto Z Force vs Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Toshiba To Spin Off Memory Business By Selling Some Of It Alexa Is Causing Some Users Problems Because Of Its Name Sponsored: Buy The Huawei Mate 9 From Jet.com For $599.99 The Moto G5 Has Reportedly Passed Through The FCC Primetime: Google’s Five Messaging Apps May Be Too Much Choice Top 10 Best Android Tablets and 2-in-1s – January 2017 Tech Talk: Microsoft Is Battling The Chromebook Education Market Google Trust Services Creates & Issues Web Certificates Huawei Mate 9 Giveaway With Jet.com & Android Headlines – USA Only! eBay’s App Now Support Android Nougat’s App Shortcuts Rumor: Alcatel Will Launch A New Modular Phone At MWC 2017 Weekly Poll: Are You More Excited About The LG G6 or Samsung Galaxy S8? LG Has Filed Two Patents For Folding Smartphones Rumor: BlackBerry Mercury To Sport Google Pixel Rear Camera Sponsored: Huawei Nova Plus Giveaway from Huawei and AH VR Weekly: Why Aren’t There More Motion-Based VR Games? Nokia’s MIKA Digital Assistant Is For The Telecom Industry Top 10: Accessories for Your Smartphone – January 2017 Load More Posts Follow Share
The Hollywood Reporter THR, Esq. Subscribe exec suite movies tv music tech the business style culture travel awards video Subscribe Blogs heat vision bastard machine live feed behind the screen esq earshot the race Newsletter THR Social:  Emma Aloft Subscribe Now Never Miss A Story. Sign up for our Newsletters. Daily Edition Login to download January 23, 2017 12:54pm PT by Eriq Gardner Tracy Morgan Ordered to Hand Over Documents in Crash Settlement Dispute Getty Images Tracy Morgan Insurers are fighting their responsibility to cover what Walmart paid the comedian. A magistrate judge in New Jersey has ordered Tracy Morgan to comply with a subpoena and give insurers access to records pertaining to his health, earnings and public appearances. The former Saturday Night Live and 30 Rock star suffered serious injuries on July 7, 2014, when a Walmart truck driver crashed into his limo on the New Jersey Turnpike. Morgan and others injured later filed a negligence lawsuit against Walmart. The cases were later settled, with Morgan and fellow comedian Ardie Fuqua receiving at least $90 million, according to our calculations based on court documents. Ohio Casualty Insurance Company and Liberty Insurance Underwriters are challenging whether they have an obligation to fund what they consider to be an "exorbitant settlement." According to their court filings, Walmart reacted to bad press by rashly settling with Morgan instead of conducting a thorough investigation of his injuries and career prospects. The insurers pointed out how Morgan, after settling, hosted Saturday Night Live and made other TV appearances including Jimmy Kimmel Live and The Tonight Show. Meanwhile, Walmart has asserted counterclaims, defending its "extraordinary efforts" to keep insurers in the loop and talking about its exposure to bad press after the company notoriously asserted a seat-belt defense. The parties are in the midst of discovery, and the insurers have been demanding to know how much Morgan made five years prior to the NJ Turnpike incident. They also want tax returns, settlement communications with Walmart, independent medical exams and "documents generated after the settlement that refer or relate to his appearing on national television shortly after the settlement, driving a Lamborghini in midtown Manhattan shortly after the settlement, Tracy's Morgan's ability to walk around midtown New York shortly after the settlement and his appearing at the Emmy Awards to make a presentation." Late last week, U.S. Magistrate Judge Lois Goodman approved a motion to enforce a subpoena on Morgan and Fuqua. The judge reviewed objections ranging from how the requested information could more reasonably be obtained from other sources to "vague, ambiguous, and incorrect" demands. He finds that Morgan and Fuqua (who are merely third parties in this dispute) haven't properly served formal objections pursuant to civil procedure, and even if they did, the arguments have no merit. Morgan has been given 20 days to produce responsive documents. Eriq Gardner eriq.gardner@thr.com eriqgardner Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Backstage Casting
GoSearch Watch Now: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 40° 40° Low 32° High 50° Sat 32° 48° Sun 32° 48° Mon 32° 44° See complete forecast Three arrested in Williamsburg Walmart shooting Posted 4:35 pm, January 24, 2017, by Web Staff Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Photo Gallery View Gallery (2 images) WILLIAMSBURG, Va. – Deputies have arrested three people in connection with a shooting at a Walmart. On December 29, 2016, deputies say around 11:50 p.m. shots were fired at the Rochambeau Drive Walmart. After an investigation, they found that two separate groups started arguing and at one point some shots were fired in the parking lot between the groups. No one was injured as a result of the incident. The York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office says Kevin Clark, 24, is one of the shooters. Clark was arrested on January 11 and charged with reckless handling of a firearm, felony property damage and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon. Amber Stewart, 23 was arrested on January 12 and charged with felony property damage. Clarence Edmonds Jr., 22, was arrested on January 18 and charged with obstruction of justice and accessory after the fact. Deputies are still trying to identify two additional shooters. If you have any information about this incident, call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Filed in: News Topics: shooting, walmart, Williamsburg Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Virginia Beach mom and children missing over 3 days found safe Bill would end Virginia’s ‘winner take all’ electoral vote system Timeline: What we know about missing Virginia Beach mom, two children ‘Can you hear me?’ Norfolk Police take action warning residents of new phone scam Latest News Man allegedly kills pregnant wife with sword, waits with toddler son for police 15-year-old leads Chesapeake Police on chase in stolen car One year since 26-year-old man killed parents, grandma, sister & brother in Chesapeake ‘Hamilton’ tickets used as lure in massive Ponzi scheme News York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office searching for suspects in Walmart shooting News Orlando manhunt: Three arrested, tips pour in News Man arrested for three Norfolk incidents, another arrested for shooting at suspect News Hampton Police: Fight leads to home being vandalized; ends with shooting News Fallen officers: 51 shot dead in the line of duty in 2016 News Watch: Authorities address media after man suspected of killing Orlando sergeant captured News Man arrested for January 24 robbery, shooting in Newport News News Two suspects arrested after three people shot in Hampton News Hampton man arrested for September shooting News Police arrest Hampton shooting suspect News Man sentenced to serve 21 years in 2014 Virginia Beach murder case News Two teens arrested in connection to seven shootings in Virginia Beach News Hampton Police arrest man in connection with homicide near Hampton University Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
GoSearch Watch Now: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 40° 40° Low 32° High 50° Sat 32° 48° Sun 32° 48° Mon 32° 44° See complete forecast Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding now available at Walmart Posted 4:07 pm, January 24, 2017, by Web Staff and CNN Wire, Updated at 04:10PM, January 24, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding Patti LaBelle is adding a new recipe to her dessert line at Walmart. “Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding” is now available in Walmart stores. RELATED: More Patti LaBelle desserts coming to Walmart “Just like all of Miss LaBelle’s desserts at Walmart, the banana pudding started with a family recipe and is made with quality ingredients for an authentic, home-style taste for the everyday low price of $9.98, ” a Walmart spokesperson said. LaBelle’s sweet potato pie was a smash-hit last year for Walmart, her exclusive retailer. “Patti Pies” flew off the shelves after Youtube star James Wright Chanel sang its praises in a expletive-laced video that went viral. Since then, she expanded her line to include berry cobbler, apple cobbler, peach cobbler, apple pecan cake and sweet potato loaf. Filed in: Food & Entertainment, News Topics: patti labelle Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Southern Bank News 3’s Proud Community Partner! Popular Virginia Beach mom and children missing over 3 days found safe Bill would end Virginia’s ‘winner take all’ electoral vote system Timeline: What we know about missing Virginia Beach mom, two children ‘Can you hear me?’ Norfolk Police take action warning residents of new phone scam Latest News Man allegedly kills pregnant wife with sword, waits with toddler son for police 15-year-old leads Chesapeake Police on chase in stolen car One year since 26-year-old man killed parents, grandma, sister & brother in Chesapeake ‘Hamilton’ tickets used as lure in massive Ponzi scheme News Mother gives birth in Walmart checkout line – after paying for merchandise News No actual aloe vera found in aloe gels from Walmart, Target, CVS News Authorities looking for two men who stole 70″ TV from Williamsburg Walmart News York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office searching for suspects in Walmart shooting News Men roll dead deer into Virginia Walmart Good News News Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs News Three arrested in Williamsburg Walmart shooting News Woman dies after being run over by her own car in Walmart parking lot News Watch: Funeral for fallen Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton News Stranger chokes 4-month-old baby in Walmart checkout lane, police say News North Carolina Grandmother opens fire in Walmart parking lot after losing custody battle News Actor Jon Voight buys 6 Thanksgiving turkeys for stranger in Walmart line News Man accused of spraying women with bodily fluid at Ohio Walmart Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Samstag, 28. Januar | 04:03 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 19:34 | 24.01.2017 Walmart and the Walmart Foundation Announce $200,000 towards Tornado Relief and Recovery Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have made a commitment to provide support through cash and product donations of $200,000 to organizations helping in response to the severe weather that impacted Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia and Florida. As a part of this commitment, Walmart is working closely with the American Red Cross, Salvation Army and Convoy of Hope while coordinating efforts with elected officials and governmental entities to help meet the needs of those affected. “Our associates and leadership on the ground are actively working to help the communities affected by this disaster,” said Martin Mundo, Senior Vice President of Operations. “As part of our commitment, local Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations have already been supporting local relief, donating approximately $20,000 in product. In the coming days, we will continue to work with non-profits, first responders, elected officials and governmental organizations to identify needs and provide additional support.” Walmart has a long history of providing aid in times of disasters, helping communities prepare and recover by donating emergency supplies, such as food and water, home and personal products. In the last 10 years, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have donated more than $56 million in cash and in-kind donations in response to disaster events. About WalmartWal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,528 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. About Philanthropy at WalmartBy using our strengths to help others, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation create opportunities for people to live better every day. Walmart has stores in 28 countries, employing more than 2.4 million associates and doing business with thousands of suppliers who, in turn, employ millions of people. Our philanthropy helps people live better by supporting upward job mobility and economic development for the retail workforce; addressing hunger and making healthier, more sustainably-grown food a reality; and building strong communities where Walmart operates and inspiring our associates to give back. Whether it is helping to lead the fight against hunger in the United States with $2 billion in cash and in-kind donations or supporting Women’s Economic Empowerment through a series of grants totaling $10 million to the Women in Factories training program in Bangladesh, China, India and Central America, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are not only working to tackle key social issues, we are also collaborating with others to inspire solutions for long-lasting systemic change. To learn more about Walmart’s giving, visit http://www.foundation.walmart.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170124006249/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 22:50 Uhr | 27.01.2017 WDH/RATING: Fitch stuft Türkei ... 22:46 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Fitch stuft Türkei auf ... 22:31 Uhr | 27.01.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Alphabet nach ... 22:30 Uhr | 27.01.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:19 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal problem Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000 additional immigration officers Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call themselves reporters' after Bannon said they're the 'opposition party' Previous Next Tracy Morgan looks unfazed on outing with wife Megan after judge orders him to hand over health and earnings records in crash settlement dispute By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 13:20 EST, 24 January 2017 | Updated: 14:17 EST, 24 January 2017 e-mail 9 View comments His multi-million dollar settlement from Walmart for injuries he suffered in a July 2014 crash is being fiercely contested by the retail company's insurers. And on Monday, THR.com reported that a judge last week ordered  SNL alum Tracy Morgan to abide by a subpoena and hand over to the insurance companies documents relating to his health, his earnings and his public appearances. The 48-year-old comic, however, appeared unfazed by the latest legal developments as he arrived at New York's JFK airport with wife Megan Wollover. Scroll down for video  Carefree: Comic Tracy Morgan looked unfazed as he arrived at JFK Airport Monday with wife Megan after a judge ordered him last week to abide by a subpoena issued as part of a dispute between Walmart and two insurance companies over his crash settlement The funnyman shrugged his shoulders as he got his picture taken while walking into the terminal as if he didn't have a care int he world. Morgan was dressed in baggy jeans with lace-up brown boots and a long-sleeved light blue top. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Morgan and fellow limo passenger Ardie Fuqua received a $90 million settlement from the retail giant after suffering extensive injuries when the town car they were riding in was hit by a Walmart truck driver late at night on the New Jersey Turnpike. Ohio Casualty Insurance Company and Liberty Insurance Underwriters have filed suit alleging the settlement was 'exorbitant' and accusing Walmart of not engaging in a thorough investigation into the extent of the 30 Rock actor's injuries and the impact of them on his future earnings potential. PDA: SNL alum Morgan, 48, looked relaxed as he strolled with his arm around wife Megan, the mother of his young daughter Maven, whom he wed in 2015 Casual: The funnyman was dressed in baggy jeans with lace-up brown boots and a long-sleeved light blue top. he also rocked a large silver medallion They accuse the retailer of not getting their approval of the amount of settlement paid to Morgan and his friends, and therefore they don't believe they are responsible for the settlement payments.  The insurance companies demanded several months ago that Morgan hand over tax returns, independent medical exams and, THR.com noted after reviewing case filings, 'documents generated after the settlement that refer or relate to his appearing on national television shortly after the settlement, driving a Lamborghini in midtown Manhattan shortly after the settlement, Tracy's Morgan's ability to walk around midtown New York shortly after the settlement and his appearing at the Emmy Awards to make a presentation.'  Walmart has vigorously defended its decision to make the enormous payouts stating they had a clear responsibility for the accident and wanted to settle claims rather than go to trial in what it described as a 'business decision.'  Hurt: Morgan received a multi-million dollar settlement from Walmart after he suffered serious injuries when a Walmart truck driver crashed into the limo he was riding in in July 2014 Horror crash: Morgan's longtime friend James McNair was killed in the accident that occurred late at night on the New Jersey Turnpike The magistrate judge in New Jersey has given Morgan 20 days to produce the requested documents. Last October, Morgan returned to the stage at Dover Downs, where he performed to a packed-out audience on the exact same stage he was on before being involved in the fatal crash that killed his longtime friend James McNair. He shared a photo to Instagram of himself kneeling and bowing his head over an empty audience chair dedicated to McNair.  Legal battle: Walmart's insurers are challenging the 'exorbitant' settlement the retail giant paid out to Morgan, who was spotted driving around New York in his Lamborghini in July 2015   Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (9) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having affairs Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... EXCLUSIVE: Women who marched for equality unwittingly handed their personal data to the Communist Party and... 'Life is winning again': Mike Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march a week on from... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Doctors: ED Caused by "Clog" Easily Cleared by Doing This Home | TheWire Tags: walmart | selling | cars | autonation | carsaver | wal-mart Walmart Selling Cars: Program to Begin in April at 25 Locations Walmart recently announced plans to start selling cars at some locations. (Rafael Ben-ari/Dreamstime.com) By Clyde Hughes   |   Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 06:01 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Walmart will start selling cars at 25 of its supercenters in Houston, Dallas, Phoenix, and Oklahoma City with the help of partnerships with AutoNation Inc. and CarSaver.com. Ally Financial will be the preferred lender for the program, which will launch April 1 on CarSaver.com, an online auto retail platform, Automotive News reported. CarSaver allows customers to select, finance, and insure vehicles through its touch-screen kiosk, which will be located in the Walmart stores, or online, according to Automotive News. Staffers will be on hand at Walmart to help customers through the process. "CarSaver is a free auto-buying program that uses a network of certified dealers, lenders, and insurance providers to guarantee savings and low prices on all brands, new and used," said a statement on the website of Sean Wolfington, the chief executive officer of CarSaver.com. CarSaver would like to put kiosks in Walmart supercenters around the country, connecting its customers with some 10,000 certified dealerships they deal with, Automotive News reported. A pilot program in Stuart, Florida, last year saw that nearly 80 percent of the appointments made through the program ended up in vehicle sales, Wolfington told Automotive News. The program is being compared to Costco, which has been selling cars through various dealer partnerships for several years, according to the Business Insider. The Business Insider reported last year that Costco sold 58,000 vehicles in 2015 during a holiday sales promotion where the bulk discount retailer partnered with General Motors. That number was a 34 percent increase over the same sales period in 2014. "Technically, Costco itself does not sell the cars, and doesn't make any money on the auto sales," stated Business Insider writer Kate Taylor last year. "Instead using the program as a way to attract new members and maintain existing members' interest." In the Walmart-CarSaver.com plan, the AutoNation dealerships will all be located within 15 miles of the Walmart supercenters. and CarSaver.com makes a $350 "success fee" off of each vehicle sold, Automotive News said. "The right location is very valuable," AutoNation chief marketing officer Marc Cannon told Automotive News. "You want to make sure it's convenient for your customers. "It's not just the sale. We want to keep them as a customer and continue to develop the service part of our business." Related Stories: Walmart Plans to Radically Change the Way You Grocery Shop Walmart: 'Black Lives Matter' Bulletproof Shirts Pulled After Cop Protest © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share TheWire Walmart will start selling cars at 25 of its supercenters in Houston, Dallas, Phoenix, and Oklahoma City with the help of partnerships with AutoNation Inc. and CarSaver.com. walmart, selling, cars, autonation, carsaver, wal-mart 381 Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 06:01 AM 2017-01-25 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus   You May Also Like Usain Bolt Returns Gold Medal Stripped Because Teammate Failed Drug Test Friday, 27 Jan 2017 17:54 PM Jamaican Sprinter Usain Bolt says he has returned the gold medal he won for the 4x100-meter relay during the 2008 Beijin . . . NFL Concussion Diagnoses Decline in 2016 Friday, 27 Jan 2017 17:38 PM After a big increase in diagnosed concussions in the National Football League during the 2015 season, NFL concussions de . . . Judy Garland Remains Moved From NY to L.A. Friday, 27 Jan 2017 17:10 PM The remains of actress Judy Garland were moved Thursday from her burial place in New York and flown to Los Angeles, wher . . . More To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Warren Buffett's conglomerate has been dumping shares of Wal-Mart. Is now a good time to get out of the stock? Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Jan 24, 2017 at 12:15PM Warren Buffett. Image source: The Motley Fool.  Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) has been unloading its position in Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) for more than a year. But in the third quarter of 2016, its selling accelerated as it dumped 70% of its remaining stake, or about $2 billion. Though Buffett has pooh-poohed technology through his career, the Oracle of Omaha conceded at Berkshire's shareholder meeting last year that brick-and-mortar retailers would have trouble keeping up with Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). At the conference, Buffett called Amazon founder Jeff Bezos a "genius," saying, "We haven't seen many businessmen like him. "Overwhelmingly, he's taken things you and I've been buying and he's figured out a way to make us happier buying those products, either by fast delivery or prices or whatever it may be, and that's remarkable." That conclusion has likely led Berkshire to shed its stake in Wal-Mart in recent quarters as it is squarely in Amazon's path. Berkshire may have dumped more Wal-Mart shares in the fourth quarter of 2016. Wal-Mart at a crossroads It's never good when Buffett, probably the most respected investor of all time, is selling your stock. A look at Wal-Mart's performance also may explain why he sold, especially compared to Amazon, which has been the best-performing stock in the last 20 years. WMT data by YCharts. But as savvy investors know, past performance is not a guarantee of future returns. Wal-Mart today is at a crossroads. CEO Doug McMillon has taken several steps to revamp the company since taking the helm three years ago. He's raised the base wage to $10 per hour, streamlined the promotion process, and made cleaning up stores and customer service a priority. The company has also invested billions in e-commerce, opening hundreds of grocery pick-up kiosks, and acquiring start-up Jet.com for $3.3 billion. Brick-and-mortar retailers got hammered over the holiday season, but Wal-Mart has not reported holiday sales. The retail giant is also coming off eight straight quarters of comparable sales growth, a sign it's outperforming the broader retail industry. Because of its investments in higher wages and e-commerce, the company is expecting profits to fall in fiscal 2017, which ends this month, then be flat during fiscal 2018, and return to growth in fiscal 2019. In other words, investors will need to be patient as the company continues to invest. What's a shareholder to do Wal-Mart investors should know what to expect from such a stock. It's a defensive dividend payer that has steadily increased its dividends for 43 years in a row, making it a Dividend Aristocrat. Unlike a volatile stock like Amazon, which has the potential to blockbuster returns but also put up significant losses, Wal-Mart will be a stable slow-growth investment. The stock is unlikely to significantly outperform the market, especially given the challenges in retail and the investments it's making. The nature of the company's business as a low-cost provider means that the stock is essentially recession-proof, and investors often flock to it when it looks like tough times are ahead.  So the decision to sell Wal-Mart should probably be determined by your investing style. If you're a risk-averse investor looking for modest growth and a solid dividend yield at 3%, then Wal-Mart looks a like a good choice. If you're looking for higher potential growth, perhaps follow Buffett and dump Wal-Mart for a company whose profits are actually increasing. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Jan 24, 2017 at 12:15PM Consumer Goods Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $246,999.99 down $-640.01 (-0.26%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $164.40 down $0.52 (-0.32%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $835.77 down $-3.38 (-0.40%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $65.66 down $-1.07 (-1.60%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Jet.com Holiday Sales Are Growing Fourfold Thanks to Wal-Mart Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? These Are Black Friday's Winners and Losers Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? @themotleyfool #stocks $BRK-A, $BRK-B, $AMZN, $WMT
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 30° Share The name left off the ‘craft’ label: Walmart By Fritz Hahn / The Washington Post Published: Tuesday, January 24th, 2017 at 10:19am Updated: Tuesday, January 24th, 2017 at 10:20am MUST CREDIT: Washington Post photo by Fritz Hahn The Washington Post, The Washington Post .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Many beer geeks spent the end of 2016 debating their list of the year’s best releases – Voodoo’s ManBearPig imperial stout? Tree House’s King JJJuliusss double IPA? Ocelot’s Talking Backwards triple IPA? – and looking back at the rising tides of sour beers and fruit-flavored IPAs. But one of the biggest beer developments of the past 12 months is this: Walmart now sells its own “craft” beer. Go ahead and laugh. I’m assuming most beer lovers don’t spend much time thinking about the craft ales and lagers in the cooler at Walmart, especially if the selection is as mediocre as the one at my local D.C. store, where the few sixers and sampler 12-packs of Flying Dog, New Belgium and Dogfish Head are dwarfed by 30-packs of Natural Light and Tecate. But market research firm Placed Insights ranks Walmart as the most popular store in the country, with more than half of all American shoppers visiting one of the company’s 4,600 stores in a given month. That’s a lot of eyes falling on those products. Teresa Budd, a senior buyer for Walmart’s adult beverage team, says the company began to notice its craft beer sales growing a few years ago, especially compared with sales of mainstream domestic beers. The company put out an offer to suppliers around the country, seeking to produce an IPA, a pale ale, an amber ale and a Belgian-style ale, Budd says, because “those were the top four best-selling craft styles at the time.” After samplings and tastings, “making sure it’s exactly what we want,” Walmart began producing beer in “collaboration” with a company called Trouble Brewing in Rochester, N.Y. The beers launched in six-packs and a 12-can variety pack in early 2016, and they’re found in 3,000 stores across 45 states. Budd says the response from consumers has been enthusiastic, and the line may expand with new or seasonal beers in the future. Advertisement Continue reading Unlike the house-brand beers of some of the company’s competitors, including Costco and Trader Joe’s, Trouble Brewing offers no clue on the label to tell you that Walmart was behind its creation. A shopper heading down the aisle to look for Samuel Adams or Miller High Life might see the ersatz-hipster labels of Cat’s Away IPA and After Party Pale Ale, or the distressed fonts and “torn”-look packaging of the Pack of Trouble variety 12-pack, and assume they were made by some new craft brewery that just hit the market. It’s also hard to ignore the price: $7.96 for a six-pack and $13.86 for the variety pack. That’s $3 to $5 cheaper than other craft beers on the same shelf. Lower cost and perceived value are a competitive advantage for established store house brands: Most of Trader Joe’s “exclusive” brews, such as Mission St. IPA and JosephsBrau Bohemian Lager, cost $6.49 to $6.99 per six-pack, or $1.09 to $1.17 each for shoppers who mix and match. A 22-ounce bottle of Green Flash Fearless Fifty, an exclusive saison created by the San Diego brewery for Trader Joe’s 50th anniversary, is $5.99. At Costco, a whopping 48-pack of its Signature Light Beer costs $22.49. (Of course, you have to buy in bulk.) Another thing these store brands have in common is a tendency to deliberately obscure – or flat-out conceal – where the beer is coming from. In the case of Walmart, no American brewery with the name Trouble Brewing actually exists. The applicant listed on filings for the four beers with the Treasury Department’s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) is “Winery Exchange, Inc.,” now known as WX Brands, which “develops exclusive brands of wine, beer and spirits for retailers around the world,” according to its website. The brewery address given on the TTB documents is Genesee Brewing’s business office. Genesee is not a craft brewery, which the national Brewers Association defines as small, independent and traditional; it’s owned by Costa Rica-based Florida Ice and Farm, which brews that country’s Imperial Lager and other industrial brands. Its flagship American beers, Genesee and Genesee Cream Ale, are cheap college-party staples, and it’s tough to convince people that your brand is hip and craft when those are the other products coming out of the tanks. Walmart’s Budd says there’s no intention to deceive consumers, pointing out that Walmart doesn’t put the company name on its private label brands, whether camping gear or cat food. “We were intentional about designing a package that conveyed a look and feel you’d expect of craft beer,” she said. Likewise, previous variety packs of Costco’s Kirkland Signature Handcrafted Beer, which will return to stores this spring, claimed that the IPAs and brown ales came from either New Yorker Brewer in Utica, N.Y., or Hopfen und Malz in San Jose, depending on where the beer was purchased. The TTB reveals they’re brewed at F.X. Matt (the home of Saranac) and Gordon Biersch, respectively. Trader Joe’s sources its beers from several brewers. Most German-style beers purport to be from JosephsBrau Brewing while actually being contract-brewed by Gordon Biersch; the Mission Street IPA and Session Pale Ale beers are brewed by Salt Lake City’s Four + Brewing, a pseudonym for Uinta, after years of being produced under contract at the well-respected Firestone Walker. Fat Weasel’s label says it’s brewed by “River Trent Brewing Company, Ukiah, CA,” while it actually comes from Mendocino Brewing. And so on. Affordable beers made by breweries that most people have heard of? The only question left is “How does it taste?” I convened a team of Washington Post staffers for a blind tasting of beers purchased at Walmart and Trader Joe’s and asked them to write down their thoughts. The results were not that positive: Trouble Brewing’s Red Flag Amber Ale was described as “flabby,” “knock-you-over-the-head syrupy sweet” and “good for flip cup.” The JosephsBrau Bohemian Lager elicited “watery,” “tastes like college” and “channels a Heineken that’s been open for a little too long.” Trouble Brewing’s After Party Ale was “bland nothingness” and “lacking an identifiable taste.” The standouts, according to the testers, included JosephBrau’s Hefeweizen, which had the bright mouth feel and bubble gum and banana notes you’d expect from a German wheat beer, even as one reviewer called it “drinkable, if not particularly memorable.” The Mission St. Session Pale Ale got mixed reviews – though still better than the IPA’s – for its bitterness and citrusy hops, although it was also called “thin” and “nothing to get excited about.” Trouble Brewing’s most popular brew was ‘Round Midnight Belgian White, which didn’t strike anyone as an outstanding witbier but received complements on its spice and fruitiness, as well as easy drinkability. None of those beers is going to light up online beer forums or find its way onto “Best Beer of the Year” lists, but that’s not the point. These are affordable brews that could be gateway beers for domestic beer drinkers looking to dip a toe into the world of craft beer. If they like Trouble Brewing’s version of a Belgian witbier, maybe they’ll be open to trying one from Allagash or Bell’s, or they’ll grab a six-pack of Flying Dog instead of Bud Light. Either way, Walmart just put craft-style beers in front of millions of new potential craft beer customers, which should be a positive for brewers of all sizes. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Fall (beer) is in the air – Aug 16, 2013 Art inspires beer: new Santa Fe brewery names its ales after famous artists – Nov 1, 2013 Growlers on tap: Warrior Fuel 2 also sells snacks and more – Jul 25, 2014 Paul Mallory began brewing in his ABQ home, now he's head brewer for Calif.'s Black Diamond Brewing Company – Aug 1, 2014 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Now you can buy a car at your local Walmart 1.7k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Customers shop at a Walmart store on January 17, 2017 in Skokie, Illinois. Image: scott olson/Getty Images By Emma Hinchliffe2017-01-24 15:38:17 UTC Next time you're in the market for a new car, head to Walmart.  The retail giant is partnering with dealerships to sell cars in Houston, Dallas, Phoenix and Oklahoma City.  Select Walmart locations will have touch-screen kiosks set up by the online auto retailer CarSaver, Automotive News reported. The kiosks will let Walmart shoppers choose a new or pre-owned car and get financing and insurance with support from advisers over the phone. Customers using the kiosks will be prompted to set up an appointment at a dealership near that Walmart location. Walmart experimented with CarSaver through a pilot program in Stuart, Florida in April, Automotive News reported. The pilot was good for Walmart: 80 percent of appointments scheduled through one of the store's kiosks led to a sale.  SEE ALSO: Volvo's plan for self-driving cars focuses on ... the driver? CarSaver's founders crafted their Walmart program with a similar effort at Costco in mind. Each Costco location with the option sells about 1,000 cars per year, and the online retailer is aiming for similar sales at Walmart.  "I was impressed with Costco's program and how much easier it was for the dealership because consumers trusted Costco and appreciated the haggle-free pricing and hassle-free experience," CarSaver CEO Sean Wolfington told Automotive News.  Walmart declined to comment on the program to the publication.  Walmart isn't the only major retailer to develop an interest in cars recently. Amazon introduced its own version of the comparison shopper Cars.com in August, although the e-commerce giant still won't actually sell you a car.  BONUS: How one e-waste recycling company is creating second chances for trash – and for people Topics: Cars, Business, Wal-Mart About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
GoSearch Watch Now: FOX 2 News KPLR11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us kplr11.com Menu News Pulse of St. Louis Interviews Links Watch the CW Contests Weather 32° 32° Low 27° High 37° Sat 27° 39° Sun 30° 37° Mon 25° 42° See complete forecast Closings: Schools, churches, day-cares and businesses Kroger is hiring 10,000 workers Posted 9:48 am, January 24, 2017, by CNN Wires Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Kroger says it plans to hire 10,000 workers. The announcement Monday came a week after Walmart, the No. 1 grocer in the world, said it was adding 10,000 jobs in the United States. × Kroger is hiring 10,000 workers Kroger says it plans to hire 10,000 workers. The announcement Monday came a week after Walmart, the No. 1 grocer in the world, said it was adding 10,000 jobs in the United States. NEW YORK — Kroger says it plans to hire 10,000 workers. The announcement Monday came a week after Walmart, the No. 1 grocer in the world, said it was adding 10,000 jobs in the United States. A spokesman for Kroger said the 10,000 jobs range from part-time clerks and cashiers to department heads and assistant store managers. The grocery chain added 12,000 employees last year, including 9,000 veterans. It has added more than 86,000 jobs over the past eight years and employs a total of 443,000 people in 35 states and Washington, D.C. Kroger is facing tough online competition from Walmart and Amazon. Kroger and other grocers, like Whole Foods and Supervalu, got squeezed last year by declining food prices. But the overall job market continues to strengthen. The unemployment rate dipped to 4.7% in December, which was the 75th consecutive month of job gains. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Web Cameras See LIVE images of locations around St. Louis. Popular Woman locked in trunk of car saved by old flip phone Teen mom charged after taping toddler to wall in Facebook Live video: police Fitness blogger lifts the lid on ‘before and after’ photos Traffic stop leads to methamphetamine arrest for Warrenton man Latest News Manhunt in East St. Louis for driver who ran away from state police Alton Subway shop reopens after truck crashes into building Accused supermarket soap thief caught following police chase and crash John Hurt dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ actor was 77 News US Steel raises hope that Granite City mill could reopen in near future News GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. plants, add or retain 1,000 jobs News GM announces first layoffs in six years, cuts 2,000 jobs News St. Louis man fired from Chipotle for refusing to delete employee hours News Final tally: Obama created 11.3 million jobs News Higher paying jobs and right to work dominate Eric Grietens’ State of the State Address News Grocery store workers’ union going after Kroenke, Walmart News Conditions are right at Hidden Valley for an earlier opening this year News Trump promises 4% growth. Economists say no way. News Couponing mom attacked inside grocery store for holding up the line News Cubs World Series gear helps homeless veterans get back on their feet News Ford cancels Mexico plant; will create 700 U.S. jobs in ‘vote of confidence’ in Trump News Fiat Chrysler to put $1 billion into U.S. jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • • Copyright © 2017, KPLR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart To Start Selling Cars At Dozens Of Stores Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart To Start Selling Cars At Dozens Of Stores Image courtesy of (genebob) January 24, 2017 9:28 am EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler Grabbing A Car and Groceries walmart carSaver AutoNation selling Cars one-stop car shop vehicles new car cars a new dealership It was just a matter of time: More than a year after Walmart-owned Sam’s Club began selling customers cars, taking on Costco’s long-running auto program, and with Amazon dipping its toes into the industry, Walmart is finally following suit.  Automotive News reports that Walmart has partnered with AutoNation and CarSaver to create an online auto retail platform that will begin selling vehicles to customers at 25 of the big box retailer’s locations starting in April. Through the program, CarSaver will be available at select stores in Houston, Dallas, Phoenix, and Oklahoma City this spring, offering customers a one-stop shop for car buying and financing. Not everything will be online, though, as CarSaver employees will be on-hand in-store near the cash registers and other Walmart-based services, like vision centers or nail salons. Customers will first make their interest in a new or used vehicles known either by directly speaking to a rep at the Walmart-based kiosks, online, or by calling an 800 number, Automotive News reports. After that, CarSaver will connect the customer with an AutoNation or other dealer within 15 miles of the Walmart store. The dealer will schedule an appointment with the would-be buyer to complete the car-purchasing process. Walmart tested a version of the program at a store in Stuart, FL, last spring. According to the company, 80% of appointments set by Walmart customers resulted in a sale that averaged more than $3,000 in savings for buyers. “The right location is very valuable. You want to make sure it’s convenient for your customers,” AutoNation Chief Marketing Officer Marc Cannon, tells Automotive News. “It’s not just the sale. We want to keep them as a customer and continue to develop the service part of our business.” January 24, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler Grabbing A Car and Groceries walmart carSaver AutoNation selling Cars one-stop car shop vehicles new car cars a new dealership Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related something in the air We Don’t Understand How Walmart Oil Changes Keep Going Terribly Awry, But Here We Are Another Thing For The Shopping List Costco Sold Nearly 400,000 Cars Last Year Just To Keep Members Happy What Can't You Buy At Walmart? Looking For New Auto Insurance? Walmart Offers A One-Stop-Shop For That Now, Too for those who hate to shop Walmart To Test New Store That’s Only For Picking Up Online Grocery Orders on-demand groceries Walmart Partners With Uber, Lyft For Online Grocery Delivery Previous Budget Carrier AirAsia X Cleared For U.S. Flights Next Verizon Acquisition Of Yahoo Still Going Ahead As Planned Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Verizon Acquisition Of Yahoo Still Going Ahead As Planned Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Cribstone Capital Management LLC January 24, 2017 Jamie Williams Cribstone Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 28.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 20,046 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 7,839 shares during the period. Cribstone Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $1,368,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Compass Capital Management Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.9% in the second quarter. Compass Capital Management Inc. now owns 274,940 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $20,076,000 after buying an additional 2,552 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 12.9% in the second quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 3,788,062 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $276,603,000 after buying an additional 431,780 shares during the period. KLCM Advisors Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.3% in the second quarter. KLCM Advisors Inc. now owns 159,417 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $11,641,000 after buying an additional 12,211 shares during the period. Nexus Investment Management Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 7.1% in the third quarter. Nexus Investment Management Inc. now owns 207,675 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $14,978,000 after buying an additional 13,700 shares during the period. Finally, Retirement Systems of Alabama increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.0% in the second quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 1,582,960 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $115,588,000 after buying an additional 45,683 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.20% on Friday, hitting $69.12. 6,889,488 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $70.52 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.43. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 52-week low of $60.20 and a 52-week high of $75.19. The stock has a market cap of $212.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.03 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WMT has been the topic of several analyst reports. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, November 19th. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.70 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, December 26th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $73.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, November 18th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “sell” rating and set a $63.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.30. In related news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Business Post navigation The Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Sells 154 Shares of Molson Coors Brewing Company (TAP) The Jolley Asset Management LLC Has $1,314,000 Stake in Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Related posts January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Cormark Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Canadian Energy Services & Technlgy Corp (CEU) Canadian Energy Services & Technlgy Corp (TSE:CEU) – Research analysts at Cormark upped their FY2017 earnings... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Northern Trust Corp Acquires 9,682 Shares of Reinsurance Group of America Inc. (RGA) Northern Trust Corp raised its position in shares of Reinsurance Group of America Inc. (NYSE:RGA) by... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Parexel International Corp. (PRXL) Stake Decreased by Northern Trust Corp Northern Trust Corp cut its stake in Parexel International Corp. (NASDAQ:PRXL) by 0.5% during the third... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Cormark Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Canadian Energy Services & Technlgy Corp (CEU) The Northern Trust Corp Acquires 9,682 Shares of Reinsurance Group of America Inc. (RGA) The Parexel International Corp. (PRXL) Stake Decreased by Northern Trust Corp The BlackRock Fund Advisors Raises Position in P.H. Glatfelter Co. (GLT) The United Technologies Corp. (UTX) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department The Michael Curt Scholz Sells 2,800,000 Shares of Westridge Resources Inc (WST.H) Stock The Durant Jorge A. Ganoza Sells 5,000 Shares of Fortuna Silver Mines Inc. (FVI) Stock The Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. Has $63,098,000 Stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. (HPE) The HBK Investments L P Has $63,796,000 Position in Vista Outdoor Inc. (VSTO) The Dollar Tree Inc. (DLTR) Position Decreased by WestEnd Advisors LLC The Morgan Stanley Has $66,070,000 Position in Astoria Financial Corp. (AF) The Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. (HII) Shares Bought by Northern Trust Corp The John M. Worthington Acquires 11,500 Shares of New York & Co. (NWY) Stock The G2 Investment Partners Managem Acquires 5,269 Shares of Datawatch Corp. (DWCH) Stock The Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Rating Increased to Buy at HSBC The Capital Product (CPLP) Upgraded to “Buy” at Evercore ISI The Netflix Inc. (NFLX) Receives “Buy” Rating from Brean Capital The Nutanix Inc. (NTNX) Given Overweight Rating at Pacific Crest The Coca-Cola Co. (KO) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at Wells Fargo & Company The Clearwater Paper Corp. (CLW) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts © DailyQuint.
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Black History First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 40° F Clear Hi: 52° F Lo: 38° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Black History First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Latest Headlines Loved ones speak one year after Dooley family killed in murder-suicide January 27, 2017 By Liz Kilmer Six members of the Dooley family were discovered shot to death on Jan. 27, 2016. 15-year-old taken into custody after police pursuit January 27, 2017 By Emily Satchell Police say the vehicle had been reported stolen. Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists January 27, 2017 KEN THOMAS, Associated Press Governor discusses Virginia Beach’s $20 million light rail bill January 27, 2017 By Andy Fox John Hurt, Oscar nominated for “The Elephant Man,” dies at 77 January 27, 2017 By Associated Press Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 40° F Clear Feels Like: 37° F Wind: WNW 5 Humidity: 47% Dewpoint: 21° F Sunrise: 7:10 AM Sunset: 5:24 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Dallier scores career-high 30 in Yale’s comeback win Updated: 4 mins ago NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — Anthony Dallier scored a career-high 30 points and Yale rallied from a 10-point second-half deficit to beat Brown 85… Faulkner scores 19, Northern Kentucky beats UIC 79-62 Updated: 4 mins ago CHICAGO (AP) — Mason Faulkner scored 19 points to lead five Northern Kentucky players in double figures and the Norse beat Illinois-Chicago … No. 21 DePaul women top Creighton 60-56 in Big East showdown Updated: 4 mins ago Women’s Top 25 Fared Updated: 4 mins ago McGill, Much leads Iona to fourth straight victory Updated: 32 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines John Hurt, Oscar nominated for “The Elephant Man,” dies at 77 Updated: 1 min ago The Oscar-nominated actor Sir John Hurt has died. He was 77. In the Kitchen: Chocolate Cake 1:47 pm In honor of National Chocolate Cake Day, Carla Hesseltine from “Just Cupcakes” showed us her secret to the perfect confection. Live Music Friday: Olivia Dyer 1:46 pm To-do list for First Time Home Buyers 1:45 pm The Funny Bone: Theo Von 1:46 pm Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 40° F Clear Hi: 52° F Lo: 38° F 3 charged in shots fired incident at Williamsburg Walmart By Kevin Green Published: January 24, 2017, 8:22 am Updated: January 24, 2017, 9:27 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Kevin Clark was arrested and charged for a Dec. 29, 2016 shots fired incident at Williamsburg Walmart. Authorities believe Clark was one of the shooters. Credit: Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail. WILLIAMSBURG, Va. (WAVY) — Three people have been arrested and charged in a late-December shots fired incident outside of a Walmart in Williamsburg, authorities say. No one was injured after shots rang out at the Walmart Supercenter on Rochambeau Road around midnight on Dec. 29. Officers and deputies from York County, James City County and Williamsburg all responded to the incident. Surveillance images released in December showed three people suspected to have been involved. The York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office said on Tuesday said three people involved in shooting were arrested. Kevin W. Clark, 24, was identified as one of the shooters. He was arrested Jan. 11, and is charged with reckless handling of a firearm, felony property damage, and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon. Amber Stewart, 23, was arrested Jan. 12 and charged with felony property damage. Clarence W. Edmonds, 22, was arrested Jan. 18 and is facing charges of obstruction of justice and accessory after the fact in connection with the incident. Authorities said Tuesday they were still looking to identified two shooters. Williamsburg Shots Fired Arrests View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Amber Stewart was arrested and charged for a Dec. 29, 2016 shots fired incident at Williamsburg Walmart. Credit: Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail. Clarence Edmonds was arrested and charged for a Dec. 29, 2016 shots fired incident at Williamsburg Walmart. Credit: Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail. Kevin Clark was arrested and charged for a Dec. 29, 2016 shots fired incident at Williamsburg Walmart. Authorities believe Clark was one of the shooters. Credit: Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail. Williamsburg Shots Fired Arrests x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Amber Stewart was arrested and charged for a Dec. 29, 2016 shots fired incident at Williamsburg Walmart. Credit: Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail. Clarence Edmonds was arrested and charged for a Dec. 29, 2016 shots fired incident at Williamsburg Walmart. Credit: Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail. Kevin Clark was arrested and charged for a Dec. 29, 2016 shots fired incident at Williamsburg Walmart. Authorities believe Clark was one of the shooters. Credit: Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail.       Latest Galleries River Walk Shooting Sea Turtle Release Tree down on power line K-9 Duke Gary Estes Military Hwy Accident, Oil Spill Ocean View Water Main Break Williamsburg Shots Fired Arrests I-264 Accident Sierra Nevada Recall Stay with WAVY.com for the latest updates. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Shots fired, no injuries at Williamsburg Walmart Wanted suspect runs from police during traffic stop in Newport News Man charged in Williamsburg robbery, attempted robbery Newport News man charged in robberies at two Williamsburg hotels Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home Contact Us Editorial & Research Privacy Policy Terms Home Business Technology Markets Internet Earnings About Editorial & Research Contact Us Advertising Locations Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) jumping into car sales through partnerships with dealership groups Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) is jumping into car sales through partnerships with dealership groups, including AutoNation Inc., the nation’s largest new-vehicle retailer. CarSaver, an online auto retail platform, will launch the program April 1 at about 25 Wal-Mart Supercenters in four markets: Houston, Dallas, Phoenix and Oklahoma City. Ally Financial is the program’s preferred lender. On last trading day, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded 7.93 Million shares and was closed at $66.65 per share. Company stock is -10.72% away from its one year high and is moving 12.60% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as -7.20% while its performance in last one week is -0.72%. WMT quarterly performance is -2.33% while firm’s price to sale ratio is 0.43 and price to book ratio is 2.65. Analyst’s Analysis on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) Number of analysts are eying on this stock and after detailed observation, they have given the stock mean target price of $74.36 while their mean recommendation is 2.70 (1=Buy, 5=sell). The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Hold and their mean rating for the stock is 2.72 on scale of 1-5. Turtle Beach Corporation (NASDAQ:HEAR)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by equities research analysts at B. Riley in a research report issued. They presently have a $1.80 price objective on the stock. B. Riley’s target price suggests a potential upside of 33.33% from the stock’s previous close. Turtle Beach Corporation (NASDAQ:HEAR) shares moved to $1.24 after starting the day at $1.33 on Monday. The weekly volatility of HEAR is 8.84% and monthly volatility is 8.78%. Its weekly performance is -15.07% while year to date (YTD) performance is -5.34%. What Analysts Say About Turtle Beach Corporation (NASDAQ:HEAR) Stock has got outperform rating from 1 analyst of Thomson Reuters whereas 2 analysts given hold rating to the stock. Analyst’s mean target price for the firm is $2.03 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.00. On last trading day, Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) traded 11.78 Million shares and was closed at $16.61 per share. Company stock is -34.22% away from its one year high and is moving 20.98% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as -7.31% while its performance in last one week is -3.71%. TWTR quarterly performance is -1.72% while firm’s price to sale ratio is 4.77 and price to book ratio is 2.53. Analyst’s Analysis on Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) Number of analysts are eying on this stock, and after detailed observation, they have given the stock mean target price of $16.64 while their mean recommendation is 3.20 (1=Buy, 5=sell). The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters Analysts is Hold for TWTR and their mean rating for the stock is 3.12 on scale of 1-5. Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) shares moved to $61.11 after starting the day at $61.36 on Monday. The weekly volatility of PAYX is 0.93% and monthly volatility is 1.15%. Firm weekly performance is -0.59% while year to date (YTD) performance is 0.38%. Company net profit margin stands at 25.40% whereas its Gross Margin is 70.70%. This year company’s Earnings per Share (EPS) growth is 12.80% and next year’s estimated EPS growth is 8.05%. What Analysts Say About Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) Stock has got outperform rating from 1 analyst of Thomson Reuters whereas 12 analysts given hold rating to the stock. Analyst’s mean target price for PAYX is $58.53 while analysts mean recommendation is 3.20. About Karen View all posts by Karen → Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) announced Wirsol started commercial operation of 30MWp solar-PV January 27, 2017 SunCoke Energy, Inc. (NYSE:SXC) reported Q4 earnings per share of $0.26 January 27, 2017 The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) released the Mr. Clean commercial January 27, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Popular Comments SunCoke Energy, Inc. (NYSE:SXC) reported Q4 earnin... January 27, 2017 Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) announced Wirsol... January 27, 2017 3D Systems Corporation (NYSE:DDD) announced pivota... January 27, 2017 The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) release... January 27, 2017 Plug Power Inc. (NASDAQ:PLUG) named a wine and liq... January 27, 2017 Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBA) declar... January 27, 2017 Gainey McKenna & Egleston Announces Lawsuit Ag... December 19, 2016 1 3D Systems (NYSE:DDD)’s board approved changes to ... December 29, 2016 1 Mastercard Inc (NYSE:MA) and George Soros announce... January 20, 2017 1 NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE)’s basketball footwear brand ... January 5, 2017 1 Motorola Solutions (NYSE:MSI)’s Moto G5 Plus press... January 13, 2017 1 Cheniere Energy, Inc. (NYSE:LNG) declared cash dis... January 25, 2017 1 Edward Medders CQP declared the dividend, NOT LNG. LNG does no... January 25, 2017 Timo Oh, to help them get to Europe, as there aren't m... January 21, 2017 Grampy FYI, Motorola Solutions (MSI) does not make the s... January 14, 2017 Richard Bazinet Stock promoters responsible for numerous biotech ... January 11, 2017 John Having launched Sci-B-Vac commercially in 15 coun... January 9, 2017 M.I.C. Seriously?This is a bs article in which the write... January 5, 2017 ©2016 Benchmark Monitor
null
Scallywag and Vagabond Tabloid, Scandal, Gossip Follow Us Share on Facebook Follow on twitter Scandal & Gossip Pop Culture Nightlife Fashion Arts Visual Arts Performing Arts Eating Out Is she right? Woman confronts man using Food Stamps at Walmart May 4, 2016 By Christopher Koulouris Share on Facebook   Share on Twitter Woman confronts man using Food Stamps Walmart: Debate ensues as a woman publicly shames a man using food stamps to pay for groceries. But how well conceived were her arguments? Taking America by a storm is the visage of a foul mouthed ‘toilet paper woman’ ( you’ll understand in a minute) who took to disparaging a man at a Walmart store while using his food stamp card (aka EBT card) at a check out cashier. The eye grabbing back and forth which came, caught on video (see below) begins with the woman, who was in line behind the man and his family, complaining about funding his groceries with her tax money. Yes some people don’t hold back. But let’s find out, did she have good reasoning to let it rip? Or was she misguided as most are when it comes to lambasting those on social welfare? And if so why? We’ll get to that yummy part soon. But first the ensuing eye watering banter. Goes the transcript: ‘You know, I put in 50-60-hour weeks … I’m trying to provide for my family,’ the man says after being remonstrated. The woman proceeds to argue while a child sits in the man’s shopping cart. ‘You’re not providing for it, I am!’ she yells. ‘The government is!’ ‘No you’re not,’ the man replies. ‘They take it out of my check!’ she yells back. ‘Bulls**t they don’t!’ The dad then suggests she complain to local lawmakers. ‘Vote Republican — I’m sorry, I don’t know what to tell you,’ he says. Not letting up, the woman assures the man she’s not ‘a bleeding heart f***ing liberal,‘ with the dad, right there in front of the kids telling the woman to ‘shut the f*** up.’ ‘I don’t have to!’ she shoots back. ‘It’s a free country, remember?’ I told you this was going to be yummy. From there the unidentified woman insists that Democrats ‘give it to you so that you vote that way — I’m not stupid.’ The video ends with the dad telling the woman to mind her own business, saying, ‘Well until you vote Republican and get them out of there, deal with it, b***h.’ Adding: ‘I don’t make the rules, lady,’ Replies the woman: ‘No you don’t — you just take advantage of them like everybody else,’ ‘Why wouldn’t I?‘ he says. Good move? NY food stamp bill to ban luxury items for the poor Nicholas Jackson tries to buy $60K BMW with food stamps before stealing it. When did employment become a ticket to #foodstamps and housing assistance? Shouldn’t it be a ticket out of #poverty? pic.twitter.com/w2M5JTtTlG — Robin Hood Tax (@RobinHoodTax) May 2, 2016 What perhaps makes the whole captured incident particularly absurd is that the cashier servicing the man was herself most likely on food stamps, that despite having a full time job. According to a 2014 Forbes  report, Walmart’s ‘low-wage workers cost U.S. taxpayers an estimated $6.2 billion in public assistance including food stamps, Medicaid and subsidized housing.’ Never mind the long term block-buster profits that Walmart continue to make. Incidentally a 2013 Wall Street Journal report found that nearly $1 out of every $5 in food stamp money is spent at Walmart. Notes a report via deathandtaxesmagazine: The perception that being on SNAP benefits is some fun free ride for the lazy is not backed up by reality. The vast majority of people who use SNAP are employed or have recently become unemployed due to unforeseen circumstances. 83 percent of households on SNAP include children, elderly, or disabled individuals. SNAP is not a drain on taxpayers — in fact, every dollar of spent through SNAP generates $1.73 in economic activity. SNAP benefits actually create jobs, 3,300 farm jobs for every billion spent through the program. Half of all adults in the country will receive SNAP benefits at some point between the ages of 20 and 65. And for those of you curious to get a sense of where the real welfare gets to be distributed there’s this chart below, via commondreams.org, which might surprise many, except anyone who knows to shut the mainstream media off and do a bit of research where they’ll come to discover that in modern day America, it’s the capitalists at the top of the heap who are getting all the socialist help that so many find offensive to begin with. Cause using the state to subordinate one’s power, riches and protect and further their agenda is like milk to a baby, never mind what so many have come to believe, give or take those in society who will always abuse the system, but a snail’s pace compared to the rabid corporate elite and oligarch who’ve got their own major abetted racket going on, with some very loyal bought fans ever waiting to assist in their rise. And then there were these random comments on the web that made me wonder, what do you think? I hope she goes to every homeowner who got bailed out by uncle sam and screams profanities at them. I hope she goes to every rich farmer receiving guaranteed grain prices free crop insurance and a ton of farm subsidies that put the food in her cart and screams at them I hope she goes to the too big to fail banks investment banks and screams profanities at them for the hundreds of billions in bailouts they get. However, Charity must be voluntary. When the government forcibly takes your money and gives it to someone else, no matter how deserving, its theft. There is no coercion in charity. The government needs to get out of the “charity” business. We’ve spent trillions on the war on poverty, and the amount of “poor” hasn’t gone down. Filed Under: Scandal and Gossip Tagged With: EBT, food stamps, welfare Like Scallywagvagabond on Facebook     TRENDING TODAY Moomin Brown Well of course the amount of poor hasn’t gone down, the general population is forever growing. Do you mean percentage? Latest on Scallywag and Vagabond Latest Tammara Overman North Carolina mom toddler daughter tests positive for cocaine Sarah Lewis Utah teacher: How I plied a student with booze and had sex with him on camera Right decision? Payal Modi Dallas teacher suspended for firing toy gun at Donald Trump image Why? Margaret Fagenson jumps to her death from luxury East 86th apartment Freak accident? Jack Decarlo dies when 50 pound dumbbell lands on windshield driving on NJ turnpike Zarah Coombs Brooklyn mom: Why I beat my four year old son to death with a broomstick Gina Alexis Nakia Venant mother blames ‘the system’ for daughter’s suicide death Brianne Altice parole hearing: Self esteem issues led to me having sex with 3 boys Deadly weapon? Tecora Fields arrested throwing dirty tampon at cop Delicious! Sky Juliett Samuel Jack’s fast food worker arrested for smearing menstrual blood in customer burger Advertise Intern with Scallywag Submit About S&V Privacy Policy Editorial Construct Recent Comments Mike J. Fox on Right decision? Payal Modi Dallas teacher suspended for firing toy gun at Donald Trump image FedUp on Right decision? Payal Modi Dallas teacher suspended for firing toy gun at Donald Trump image heidi on Sarah Lewis Utah teacher: How I plied a student with booze and had sex with him on camera Putin on the Ritz (Rocky) on Right decision? Payal Modi Dallas teacher suspended for firing toy gun at Donald Trump image Saved16 on Right decision? Payal Modi Dallas teacher suspended for firing toy gun at Donald Trump image About I think the idea to start “Scallywag and Vagabond.” (SCV) originates from my myriad background and the many years I have spent in preferred cafes and brasseries extolling the virtues and subtle intricacies of ‘being’ as the Beaujolais ran, the cigarette wafted and the gentleman to my side pontificated while spraying himself with a deftly tied cravat and sun crested idolatry.’ I grew up in Australia where as a young man one was obliged to become a hero of sorts. A master swimmer, fighter of causes, ideals and disheveled denizen of aesthetics, and more often a carefree ‘larrikin’ who would occasionally poke his sun bronzed nose at authority and convention Read More If you are interested in tapping into our high brow savvy readership all advertising inquiries can be sent to [email protected] Here is more about our advertising media profile... Quick Links Sitemap About S&V Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 Scallywag and Vagabond - All Rights Are Reserved! Christopher Koulouris
Boys find bag of dead ducks dumped at Walmart - KAIT Jonesboro, AR - Region 8 News, weather, sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY - Home Recalls Trending Stories Slideshows National Entertainment Terrorism around the world Strange Education News President Donald Trump Right This Minute Video Coverage Iraq Crisis Mobile Apps Available Email & Text Alerts VIDEO: Region 8 Showcase LOCAL Business - Money Watch CrimeStoppers - Politics Religion Today Technology Tracking Region 8 Pump Patrol WEATHER INTERACTIVE ALERTS MAP River Stages INTERACTIVE RADAR StormTRACK Doppler 8 Radar Window Farmers' Forecast SkyCAM Network Central Dealerships StormTracker SneezeCAST Region 8 News LIVE or Latest Weather and disaster coverage Mobile Apps Available Winter Weather Closings & Cancellations SPORTS FastBreak Friday Night A-State Red Wolves Arkansas Razorbacks Region 8 Outdoors Subscribe/Manage Text Alerts SEC Digital Network Video Video Health Affordable Care Act Health & Medical Home Health Connections SneezeCAST Cold & Flu Baby Faces - Presented by NEA Baptist Mobile Apps Available LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style VideoBytes Press Releases TV KAIT-TV Programming Schedule NBC Region 8 - What's On ABC.com NBC.com Children's Television Act Compliance Mobile Apps Available COMMUNITY Region 8 Community Calendar Stay Focused and Drive Pledge Teacher of The Year - Scholarship Salute Take a Road Trip kait8.com Obituaries GR8 Acts of Kindness Region 8 Crime Watch Region 8 Pump Patrol Religion Today Energy Alert System Mobile Apps Available About Us KAIT Contact Info Meet Our News Team Contact Region 8 News Contact Our Sales Team Digital Sales Region 8 News LIVE or Latest KAIT Jobs KAIT 50th Anniversary: 1963-2013 Mobile Apps Available Contests GR8 Acts of Kindness - Promotion Rules Try This Drive - Official Promotion Rules Enter to Win a Barton's Weather Umbrella! GMR8 Birthday Club Boys find bag of dead ducks dumped at Walmart 2017-01-23T23:59:11Z2017-01-24T14:37:18Z Posted by Daisha Dear, Reporter/MMJ BioEmail Connect Biography ddear@kait8.com Follow @DearDaisha_ (Source: KAIT-TV) (Source: KAIT-TV) KENNETT, MO (KAIT) - The Kennett Humane Department is investigating a case where someone may have dumped a bag of dead ducks at Walmart.  On Saturday evening, two teenage boys discovered a bag filled with dead ducks on the side of Walmart. According to Tena Petix, Kennett humane officer, the two teenage boys were walking on the west side of the Walmart parking lot and saw what they thought was a bag of clothes. However, when one of the boys picked up the trash bag, slaughtered ducks and blood fell onto the pavement.  "A night shift officer was there doing a traffic stop when the two young juveniles came up to him," she said. "And I was just in the area, not working, but went to go see and saw them all laying there." Petix also said when she arrived on the scene, it looked like someone just placed them there. "We went there and took pictures," she said. "And to see if we could maybe come up with someone who just shot them. More or less, I'm assuming for just the heck of it, because duck hunters more than likely will eat them; and definitely a responsible hunter wouldn't ditch them in the parking lot at Walmart." Petix also said there were around 10 ducks found dead in separate trash bags.  However, the manager at Walmart said this is his first time hearing about the incident.  Anyone with information concerning these ducks should contact the Kennett Humane Society. Copyright 2017 KAIT. All rights reserved. Watch Region 8 News On Demand: On your Desktop | On your Mobile device Region 8 News App - Install or update on your: iPhone | Android Latest WiresMore>> National Stories National Tech stories from the AP wire Tech stories from the AP wire Technology stories from the Associated Press. Technology stories from the Associated Press. Strange Stories Strange News Health Stories Health Stories Political Stories from the Associated Press Political Stories from the Associated Press Get the latest news on national politics. Get the latest news on national politics.    Region 8 News</span><a class="customMoreLink" href="/Global/category.asp?C=4391" target="_top">More >></a>Region 8 NewsMore>> UCP Superstar shines after years of struggle UCP Superstar shines after years of struggle Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 8:22 PM EST2017-01-28 01:22:51 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:28 PM EST2017-01-28 02:28:01 GMT Braylon practices climbing up and down a small flight of stairs at The Learning Center. (Source: KAIT-TV) Braylon McClain’s life changed after surgery. Braylon McClain’s life changed after surgery. JPD celebrates officer's years of service JPD celebrates officer's years of service Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 8:54 PM EST2017-01-28 01:54:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:20 PM EST2017-01-28 02:20:24 GMT (Source: Jonesboro Police Department) Jonesboro police honored a newly retired officer on Friday and marked the celebration with a party. Jonesboro police honored a newly retired officer on Friday and marked the celebration with a party. Doctor: Even vaccinated people should be cautious of mumps Doctor: Even vaccinated people should be cautious of mumps Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 7:06 PM EST2017-01-28 00:06:50 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:14 PM EST2017-01-28 02:14:33 GMT (Source: AP Graphics Bank) A confirmed mumps case at Jonesboro Kindergarten Center makes four Region 8 counties dealing with the disease. A confirmed mumps case at Jonesboro Kindergarten Center makes four Region 8 counties dealing with the disease. Man sentenced for production of child pornography Man sentenced for production of child pornography Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 8:11 PM EST2017-01-28 01:11:25 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:05 PM EST2017-01-28 02:05:09 GMT (Source: AP) A man will spend the next 15 years in prison after he was convicted of production of child pornography. A man will spend the next 15 years in prison after he was convicted of production of child pornography. Grant provides new body armor for deputies Grant provides new body armor for deputies Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 8:33 PM EST2017-01-28 01:33:20 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:56 PM EST2017-01-28 01:56:52 GMT Deputies with new body armor (Source: Baxter County Sheriff's Office) Deputies at the Baxter County Sheriff’s Office will be better protected after they were given the money to buy new body armor. Deputies at the Baxter County Sheriff’s Office will be better protected after they were given the money to buy new body armor.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Actor John Hurt dead at 77 Actor John Hurt dead at 77 Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 10:02 PM EST2017-01-28 03:02:14 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:45 PM EST2017-01-28 03:45:12 GMT In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014 photo, British actor John Hurt poses for photographers during the premiere of the film The Imitation Game, at the Odeon in Leicester Square, central London. (Source: AP Photo by Joel Ryan/Invision/AP, File) Actor John Hurt was 77.  Actor John Hurt was 77.  Hattiesburg man’s epic storm account goes viral Hattiesburg man’s epic storm account goes viral Updated: Wednesday, January 25 2017 10:16 PM EST2017-01-26 03:16:30 GMT David Alexander/Photo credit: YouTube video screenshot A Weather Channel correspondent captured an epic story of survival from a Hub City man after an EF-3 tornado hit Hattiesburg and Petal.  A Weather Channel correspondent captured an epic story of survival from a Hub City man after an EF-3 tornado hit Hattiesburg and Petal.  news Gov. Bentley reveals Rebekah Mason traveled with Ala. delegation to presidential inauguration Gov. Bentley reveals Rebekah Mason traveled with Ala. delegation to presidential inauguration Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:10 PM EST2017-01-27 21:10:42 GMT Friday, Governor Robert Bentley revealed that his ex-aide and alleged mistress Rebekah Mason traveled with the Alabama delegation to President Donald Trump's inauguration. Friday, Governor Robert Bentley revealed that his ex-aide and alleged mistress Rebekah Mason traveled with the Alabama delegation to President Donald Trump's inauguration. Baby born at 22 weeks defies the worst odds Baby born at 22 weeks defies the worst odds Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:02 PM EST2017-01-27 23:02:13 GMT (Kristen Hampton | WBTV) For four months little Sebastian, born at just one pound, stayed in the NICU at Novant Health Hospital in Charlotte. For four months little Sebastian, born at just one pound, stayed in the NICU at Novant Health Hospital in Charlotte. Woman in Emmett Till 'whistling' case admits to fabricating testimony Woman in Emmett Till 'whistling' case admits to fabricating testimony Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 6:44 PM EST2017-01-27 23:44:46 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:44 PM EST2017-01-27 23:44:46 GMT In a new book, a white Mississippi woman says she fabricated part of testimony she gave about black Chicago teenager Emmett Till in a case whose murderers' acquittal in 1955 motivated the civil rights movement.  In a new book, a white Mississippi woman says she fabricated part of testimony she gave about black Chicago teenager Emmett Till in a case whose murderers' acquittal in 1955 motivated the civil rights movement.  Four women charged in Boone vandalism case Four women charged in Boone vandalism case Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:44 PM EST2017-01-27 21:44:31 GMT (Steve Ohnesorge | WBTV) Taryn Bledsoe, 22, Julia Grainger, 22, Elizabeth Prier, 22, and Hannah Seay, 21, are all charged with seven counts each of misdemeanor graffiti vandalism. Taryn Bledsoe, 22, Julia Grainger, 22, Elizabeth Prier, 22, and Hannah Seay, 21, are all charged with seven counts each of misdemeanor graffiti vandalism.    Can't Find Something? 472 CR 766 Jonesboro, AR 72401 (870) 931-8888 FCC Public File publicfile@kait8.com (870) 336-1817 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News autos Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Share This facebook Tweet email Daily Drive-Thru: A bleak outlook for Faraday Future, car sales at Wal-Mart, our first drive of the 2017 BMW 5 Series, and more Trouble ahead for Faraday Future, BMW’s 5 Series, and more BY Kyle Campbell NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Monday, January 23, 2017, 9:00 PM facebook Tweet email Faraday Future might be in deeper trouble than we realized.  (Ethan Miller/Getty Images) BY Kyle Campbell NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Monday, January 23, 2017, 9:00 PM Mondays are tough on us all, but this particular Monday was especially rough on one supercar maker and one wannabe supercar maker. Aston Martin filed paperwork to a new logo and as soon as it hit the web, auto enthusiasts everywhere seemed to let out a collective gasp of disapproval. Meanwhile, an in-depth exposé on Faraday Future showed just how dysfunctional things have gotten for the electric vehicle startup. FOLLOW DAILY NEWS AUTOS ON FACEBOOK. ‘LIKE’ US HERE. If those storylines aren’t amusing enough for you, we’ve also got a sneak peek at a Super Bowl commercial starring Melissa McCarthy and some just desserts for a reckless Mini driver that might tickle your funny bone. All this and more inside today’s edition of the Daily Drive-Thru. NEWS: Faraday Future’s FF91 only has 60 pre-orders At $5,000, the deposit for the FF91 is more expensive than the one for the Model 3 and although Faraday Future has not announced a starting pice for the FF91, you can bet your bottom dollar that it'll cost more than $30,000. (Faraday Future FF91) Faraday Future’s FF91, a would-be Tesla Model X challenger, had a flashy, albeit technologically uninspiring, debut at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas earlier this month, after which Faraday reportedly collected 64,000 reservations for its unpriced, all-electric crossover. Now, that’s a pittance compared to the roughly 400,000-person waitlist for the Tesla Model 3, but it’s nothing to scoff at—until you read the fine print. Sources close to Faraday told Business Insider that only about 60 potential customers put down the requisite $5,000 deposit to secure a reservation. This is just one of several, less-than-flattering details revealed about the L.A. startups state of affairs. Read more about Faraday’s bleak future here. Wal-Mart checks into the car-selling game Wal-Mart will begin a pilot program that will allow customers to search for new, used and certified pre-owned vehicles in-store. (Bloomberg via Getty Images) Every week 140 million Americans file into a Wal-Mart Superstores to buy everything from food to clothes to electronics and home goods. Now they can add one more thing to their shopping lists: cars. The big-box chain has partnered with online automotive retailer CarSaver, dealer groups and Ally Financial to open 25 car shopping kiosks in four major metropolitan areas in the Southwest in April. Read more about the new Wal-Mart service here. Tesla pushes new Autopilot software live Tesla's Enhanced Autopilot software will begin rolling in with incremental monthly updates until all its eligible cars are equipped with the semi-autonomous software. (Bloomberg via Getty Images) Less than a week removed from a major ruling by federal regulators about its heavily-criticized Autopilot system, Tesla has rolled out the first of a series of updates that will make compatible vehicles fully autonomous. Dubbed Enhanced Autopilot, the system features Autosteer+ to help the car navigate tricky roads; Seek mode, which enables the car to drive itself to and from parking spaces, and automatic lane changing to weave through slow-moving traffic. The software update only applies to new Tesla vehicles with the requisite self-driving hardware. Read more about the Enhanced Autopilot update here. Melissa McCarthy to star in Kia Super Bowl ad Melissa McCarthy runs for the hills in this teaser for Kia's Super Bowl commercial.  (Kia) With 30 seconds of advertising air time alone costing a cool $5 million during next month’s Super Bowl matchup between the New England Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons, the commercials that run between snaps can cost as much as feature films, hence why some commercials have their own commercials. Kia is the first such automakers to promote their promotional material, offering up a 25-second YouTube clip in which Hollywood funny woman Melissa McCarthy is shown running in full safari gear. From what? We can’t be sure. But considering the actual spot, which is slated to debut during the third quarter, is for the Kia’s Niro crossover SUV, my guess is the letters get jumbled around for a rino (or rhino, if you prefer). See the clip here and posit your own guess. Aston Martin trademarks new, circular logo Aston Martin has filed a trademark for a new logo.  (Aston Martin) Our own Chris Powers said it best, nothing in 2017 is sacred. If you need further proof that, look no further: Aston Martin wants to brand its merchandise with a new logo that looks unsettlingly like a manhole cover. The iconic British automaker, known for crafting some of the finest sports cars in the world, caused a stir when reports surfaced of a recently filed trademark for a new, circular logo with intersecting lines in the middle that bear an uncanny resemblance to a sewer cap. Aston’s Chief Executive Andy Palmer clarified that the logo would not sully his brand’s vehicles, but it would, instead, adorn other merchandise. Still, it begs the question: why? We may never know. See the new logo and read more about it here. REVIEWS: First Drive: 2017 BMW 5 Series 12 photos view gallery First Pictures: 2017 BMW 5 Series Photos Despite its efforts to pursue and perfect autonomous driving, BMW has also redoubled its promise to provide its customers with the “Ultimate Driving Machine.” Let the all-new 2017 5 Series serve as exhibit A. Lighter, turbocharged and outfitted with a perfectly tuned suspension, the 530i xDrive offers a smooth and luxurious ride, while the sportier 540i boggles the mind with joy from its on-road capabilities and anticipation for what lies ahead in the soon-to-be-released M550i. BMW has also done a fair bit of work to the interior to make it more comfortable and technologically advanced. High mark: Driving dynamics “Traveling across greater San Francisco in the 530i, the turbocharged 4-cylinder engine proved buttery smooth, emitting a faint but authoritative growl under hard acceleration but otherwise proving entirely unobtrusive. No noise, no vibration, no harshness.” Low mark: Outside appearance “The car is balanced and distinctive, and is instantly familiar both for its use of traditional design cues and its shrink-wrapped 7 Series appearance. But is it attractive? Not to me, especially in comparison to the outgoing 5 Series, let alone other mid-sized luxury sedans like the gorgeous new Volvo S90.” Read the rest of Christian Wardlaw’s first impressions here. GALLERIES Cadillac’s ATS-V is sharper in more ways than one With a carbon black design package that features a carbon fiber splitter, hood vent and rear diffuser, and a revamped version of Cadillac’s CUE infotainment system that features Apple CarPlay, Android Auto and GM’s new teen driver system, the 2017 Cadillac ATS-V is sharp in the both the looks and brains departments. 12 photos view gallery Gallery: 2017 Cadillac ATS-V Photos Photo Review: 2017 is the Mazda3’s best year yet With refreshed styling cues to Mazda’s new G-Vectoring Control system for improved handling, the 2017 Mazda3 stays on whether it’s cruising down the highway or sitting pretty in your driveway. See Liz Kim sing its praises in this photo review: 14 photos view gallery Photo Review: 2017 Mazda 3 Grand Touring Sedan EXTRAS Video: Karma catches up quick to this Mini driver This would be a prime example of how not to handle road rage. Rule number one of driving: don’t be a jerk. Most of us enjoy bending the rules of the road a little bit; a little speeding here, a last minute lane change there, things happen. But when you go out of your way to put yourself and every other driver in your general vicinity at risk for no reason whatsoever, bad things will happen to you. As this Mini driver found out the hard way, sometimes karma (or the driver that you just cut off) catches up to you sooner than you expected. Check out the video here. Check the Daily Drive-Thru every weekday evening to get a roundup of the latest news, reviews, galleries and more from the New York Daily News Autos. You can find last Friday’s installment of the Drive-Thru here and view the rest of our archives here. Got a news tip or a comment? You can find me on Twitter where I go by @ByKyleCampbell or email me at kcampbell@nydailynews.com. Tags: daily drive thru Did you find this article helpful? If so, please share it using the "Join the Conversation" buttons below, and thank you for visiting Daily News Autos. Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Daily News Auto Finder Browse By Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Fiat Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Scion Smart Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo CHOOSE BRAND Acura Alfa RomeoAudi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Fiat Ford GenesisGMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Scion Smart Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo OR Browse Types Convertible Coupe Crossover Hybrid/Electric Hatchback Sedan Luxury Minivan SUV Compact Van Wagon Sports Car Truck CPO Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News entertainment Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Share This facebook Tweet email Tracy Morgan ordered to hand over financial documents in Walmart crash settlement Tracy Morgan ordered to hand over documents in Walmart settlement BY Nancy Dillon NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Monday, January 23, 2017, 8:30 PM facebook Tweet email Tracy Morgan must hand over six years of tax returns and other highly personal information in an ongoing dispute over his megabucks crash settlement with Walmart. (Steve Granitz/WireImage) BY Nancy Dillon NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Monday, January 23, 2017, 8:30 PM Tracy Morgan must hand over six years of tax returns and other highly personal information in an ongoing dispute over his megabucks crash settlement with Walmart. A federal magistrate judge in New Jersey gave the comedian 20 days to cough up the documents sought by Walmart insurers in a ruling last week. In the underlying dispute, Ohio Casualty Insurance Company and Liberty Insurance Underwriters are fighting their obligation to the “exorbitant” cash windfalls promised to Morgan and fellow comedian Ardie Fuqua by the retail behemoth. Morgan and Fuqua both received confidential settlements from Walmart after the deadly July 7, 2014, crash on the New JerseyTurnpike that killed their friend James McNair. Tracy Morgan forgives Walmart truck driver who almost killed him The crash was caused by a sleep-deprived Walmart truck driver who plowed into their limo van as they traveled back from a show in Delaware. Morgan, 48, suffered a serious brain injury. In March 2015, Walmart agreed to pay $10 million to settle claims brought by McNair’s children over the horrific pileup. The company didn’t disclose the size of its final pacts with Morgan and Fuqua when the deals were announced a couple months later. Walmart reimbursed in lawsuit with comedian Tracy Morgan Morgan, 48, suffered a serious brain injury in a July 2014 crash caused by a sleep-deprived Walmart truck driver who plowed into his limo van on his way back from a show in Delaware. (Will Vaultz/ASSOCIATED PRESS) The insurers revealed in follow-up filings that 90% of the money paid in crash-related settlements went to Morgan and Fuqua claims. That suggests the two received at least $90 million together. The insurance companies now argue Walmart acted too soon and opened its purse strings too wide. They’re trying to prove Morgan’s potential future earnings weren’t as compromised as first believed. Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail In a November court filing, a lawyer for the insurance companies said Morgan should be forced to hand over his tax returns from 2009 through 2014 and documents related to certain activities after the crash. The insurers want anything related to Morgan “appearing on national television shortly after the settlement, driving a Lamborghini in midtown Manhattan shortly after the settlement, (walking) around midtown New York shortly after the settlement and his appearing at the Emmy Awards to make a presentation.” The judge on the case ordered Morgan and Fuqua to comply with the subpoena and produce the documents after failing to pose adequate objections, the order issued Thursday said. Tags: tracy morgan walmart Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER 9:27 PM ET President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Fears That Visa Ban Will Hurt Allies and Bolster Rivals By DECLAN WALSH 9:07 PM ET President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown 8:26 PM ET Read the Executive Order Here 8:22 PM ET U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ By SOMINI SENGUPTA 5:06 PM ET The new ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, put the United Nations on notice, saying, “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business.” Russian Arrests Pose Tantalizing Clue in Election Hacking By ANDREW E. KRAMER The appearance of news on the arrests in four prominent publications suggested that the Kremlin may be prepared to reveal more about the matter. People gathered at the National Mall for the annual March for Life in Washington on Friday. Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Abortion Foes March on Washington A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. The First Week: A Flurry of Action, and Some Missteps By CHARLIE SAVAGE, PETER BAKER and MAGGIE HABERMAN 9:20 PM ET President Trump’s first week in office has seen its stops and starts, but one thing is certain: There is no lack of ambition, or effort, on his part. 2:13 Watch: A First Week Fact-Check By DAVE HORN, MEG FELLING and ELSA BUTLER In Private, G.O.P. Agonizes Over Health Law Repeal By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN 9:12 PM ET An audio recording of a closed-door meeting reveals concerns that contrast with the confidence party leaders and President Trump express in public. Why Trump’s Claim of Vote Fraud Is So Dubious By JONATHAN MARTIN 10:29 PM ET The president offered praise for a man whose claims about illegal voting have been debunked time and again. Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments More in Politics Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone 7:21 PM ET The Economy Grew 1.6% Last Year. Can Trump Get It to 4%? By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:47 PM ET The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans. Economic View Trump Can Sway Factories. For Now. By JUSTIN WOLFERS Though the president’s pressure on companies to stay in the U.S. may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might hinder manufacturing.  Comments How a Civilian Prosecution Gave the U.S. a Key Informant By ADAM GOLDMAN and BENJAMIN WEISER A Somali who pleaded guilty to supporting terrorists was not tried before a military commission. Still, he became one of the nation’s most important informants. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Friday Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 9:48 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls. By ANNIE CORREAL  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Nonfiction ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’: Unearthing New Evidence By JASON PARHAM In Timothy B. Tyson’s meticulous retelling, he interviews the woman whose allegations led to Till’s lynching in1955. She admits she lied in court. Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry By VICTOR MATHER and NAILA-JEAN MEYERS Ms. Williams will meet her sister, Serena, in the Australian Open final Saturday. In eight previous Grand Slam finals between the sisters, Serena has won six. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic 8:35 PM ET In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees By JESSE McKINLEY There are a number of proposals for new fees and other changes in tax law buried amid the thousands of pages in the new budget documents. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region A New Opening, but Obstacles Remain for Keystone Pipeline Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Hugs and Hard Labor on an Indiana Farm With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me. Big Air Is Not All About the Latest Trick Ahead of this week’s X Games and next year’s Olympics, successful quadruple flips in snowboarding have revived discussions about spinning to win versus riding with style. Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March What does female empowerment look like in a discipline defined by fantasy and tradition? The Opinion Pages An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND 6:50 PM ET Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER 8:01 PM ET Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: Making the Rust Belt Rustier Is Donald Trump ‘Mr. Brexit’? By JONATHAN COE 5:52 PM ET What America has in common with Theresa May’s Britain. Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? By MICHAEL CHABON and AYELET WALDMAN 4:54 PM ET In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.“ Editorial: Mr. Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ Will Harm Global Health Rattner: An Extremist Holding the Purse Strings The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Opinion Does a Protest’s Size Matter? Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Opinion The Intellectual Life of Violence Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion One Syrian Family’s Journey to America Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Opinion Egypt’s Rickety Dictatorship Books Critic’s Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a Must-Read Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » Ex-Volkswagen Chief Investigated by Germany in Emissions Cheating Scandal Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Opinion: Donald Trump, the Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Editorial: Donald Trump’s Mexico Tantrum David Brooks: The Politics of Cowardice U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Anti-Abortion Marchers Draw Inspiration From an Unlikely Source Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Judge Allows Lawsuit Against Psychologists in C.I.A. Torture Case Trump Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires and a Satisfied Smile Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers J.S.G. Boggs, Artist, Dies at 62; He Made Money. Literally. Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Next: up in Opinion: Commentary: Could Trump broker an Israeli-Palestinian deal? News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Opinion George Will: The real cost of protectionism Updated: January 25, 2017 — 1:21 PM EST Facebook icon 17Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Report: Fox 29 anchor Jerrick suspended after vulgar Kellyanne Conway comment 9:11 AM Joel Embiid had the perfect response to All-Star snub 12:43 PM Close icon Shopping Cart icon ED HILLE / Staff Photographer File: The Macy's store in Plymouth Meeting had few customers on a weekday last holiday season. by George Will Close icon George Will When the president speaks of closed factories scattered like "tombstones" across America, has he noticed the shuttered stores in shopping centers, and entire malls reduced to rubble? He promises "protection" to prevent foreigners from "destroying" manufacturing jobs by exporting to America things that Americans want to import. Does he know that one American company might be "destroying" more American jobs than China is? And that this supposed destruction is beneficial?The company is Amazon (market capitalization: $388 billion), created by Jeff Bezos. He owns the Washington Post, which syndicates this column, but it is for revolutionizing retailing that he ranks in the Pantheon of American business. He belongs there with Richard Warren Sears, Alvah Curtis Roebuck, Aaron Montgomery Ward, and Sam Walton, all of whom were constructively disruptive retailers, and were as important in the nation's commercial history as were Henry Ford, Steve Jobs, and Bill Gates. In 2016, online buying during the holiday season surged 19 percent over the year before, which is one factor explaining this: Macy's, after announcing in August that it would close another 100 of its remaining 730 stores, now says it will shed 10,000 jobs. Sears, which is 13 decades old and still has 1,600 stores, has lost $9 billion in five years, has closed 500 stores, and is closing an additional 150 (including some Kmarts). Sears stores in American downtowns, and the Sears catalogue that put downtown goods within reach of rural America (3 million catalogues were distributed in 1907, when the nation's population was 87 million), caused difficulties for older retailers. In the second half of the 20th century, Walmarts at the edge of towns caused difficulties for downtown retailers with pre-modern - meaning pre-Walmart - global supply chains. Now Amazon is forcing Walmart to master online retailing. Although e-commerce was just 8 percent of all 2016 retail sales, it came disproportionately at the expense of Sears, Macy's, and other "anchor tenants" that draw foot traffic from which other mall retailers benefit. When Amazon recently announced that it is going to create 100,000 warehousing and other jobs in the next 18 months, the New York Times reported that online retailing "has destroyed many times that number of positions at malls and shopping centers across America." The Times quoted specialists' calculations that traditional retailers have shed more than 200,000 employees since 2012 and that there are 1.2 million fewer retail workers than there would be if there were no online retailers. But Henry Ford, too, "destroyed" lots of jobs - those of blacksmiths, buggy makers, etc. - the holders of which moved on, and usually up. Writing at MarketWatch, Rex Nutting argues that as Amazon revolutionizes consumer behavior, it "is going to destroy more American jobs than China ever did." If so, the "problem" is productivity. Nutting says "Amazon needs about half as many workers to sell $100 worth of merchandise as Macy's does." The Times reports that "the typical online retailer generates $1,267,000 in sales per employee versus $279,000 at bricks-and-mortar stores." All of which raises a question: Why should manufacturing jobs lost to foreign competition be privileged by protectionist policies in ways that jobs lost to domestic competition are not? When an Applebee's or Olive Garden, powered by a national advertising budget, opens next to, and causes the closing of, Madge's Diner, why does Madge not merit protection? Or the Trade Adjustment Assistance that is available for workers, firms, farmers, even communities that can plausibly claim to have been otherwise injured by foreign competition or outsourcing of jobs? The reason is this: Domestic protection of Madge and millions of others unsettled by the constant churning of a dynamic domestic economy would mean slow economic growth - and rapid growth of government as it regulates consumers' choices and their consequences. But protection from imports also means this. Reactionary liberalism has long held, and today's faux conservatism agrees, that existing jobs should be protected by policies that reduce the economic dynamism that threatens those jobs. Such protection means a net decrease in jobs but an increase in the self-esteem of blinkered protectionists who see the jobs "saved" but not those which, as a result of lost dynamism, are lost or never created. Macy's flagship Manhattan store was one reason Gimbels' nearby flagship closed, after 76 years, in 1986. This, even though in 1945 Gimbels had been America's first merchant to offer "a fantastic, atomic era, miraculous pen." It was a ballpoint. Will the winner of the once-famous Macy's versus Gimbels rivalry always be with us? Probably not, which is probably good. George Will is a Washington Post columnist. georgewill@washpost.com Published: January 25, 2017 — 1:21 PM EST The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in news Politics › Council, Kenney administration clash on how to spend $500M Rebuild money JEFF MCLANE › How Jeffrey Lurie pulled rank and blocked QB coach from leaving PhillyDeals › Age case: Lockheed must pay $51M to laid-off Penn Valley engineer Growing South Jersey school district to sue for more state aid Who will pay for $4.5B in Philly school repairs? In Pa. budget crunch, Wolf wants to merge four departments Drexel files counterclaims against Sodexo-Magic Johnson firm Five takeaways from Trump's visit to Philly and the GOP retreat Firefly lineup announced: Chance The Rapper, The Weeknd, Bob Dylan headlining Former Philly cop guilty of stealing $38 from handyman Joel Embiid had the perfect response to All-Star snub Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
null
Subscribe Store Manage accounts LOG IN Don't Miss Award winning legal news and analysis. SUBSCRIBE TODAY Find out the Top Verdicts & Settlements! Join us in honoring Richard Teitelman at MLA 2017 Missouri Lawyers Media Missouri legal news and public notices News Local National Digital Edition Verdicts & Settlements Stories Search & Submit Opinions By Practice Area By Court Special Reports Criminal Code Events Our Events Up & Coming Missouri Lawyers Awards WJA Unsung Legal Heroes Corporate Counsel Round Table CCRT | Kansas City CCRT | St. Louis Legal Events Calendar CLE Calendar Classifieds & Directories Classifieds Corporate Counsel Desk Book ADR Providers The Firms The Bar Plan 30th Anniversary Public Notices Contact Us Customer Service Subscribe Advertise Store FAQ – Frequently Asked Questions Forgot your password? E-mail Alert Order reprints Where to buy our newspapers Store Home / Supplements and Special Sections / Missouri Lawyers Awards 2017 / Ed Hershewe Ed Hershewe The Law Store By: Jessica Shumaker January 25, 2017 The novel location of Joplin attorney Ed Hershewe’s new law firm attracted attention in 2016. The firm, The Law Store, was established in Walmarts in Joplin and Neosho and quickly expanded to include a Springfield location and two in Dallas, Texas by year’s end. It’s the first known firm in the U.S. to be located in the retailer’s stores, filling leased spaces near other professional services like vision centers, medical clinics and banks. Hershewe said the idea for the location stemmed from an interest he’s had in building a national law firm. His vision evolved from being a largely virtual firm to one located in brick-and-mortar locations. “What I always intended to do was deliver good legal services, hopefully through automated processes, that would kind of replace online legal services that aren’t really legal services,” he said. He pointed to companies like Avvo, LegalZoom and Rocket Lawyer. “To compete with them, you have to have automated services where the price point is good for the consumers,” he said. His initial attempts to raise the idea with the company were rejected, but after revisiting it following the recession, he found a more receptive audience. Hershewe said he envisioned that the store would be staffed with lawyers, provide reasonable and transparent pricing and operate in convenient hours. He still maintains a separate personal injury firm in Joplin, the Hershewe Law Firm. He said he didn’t want to put that type of a firm in Walmart, however. “I wanted to be more like a family lawyer,” he said. “We did a little bit of everything and tried to do it quickly, inexpensively and for people, to be a help.” He said the goal is to quickly assist customers with their legal needs. “We pride ourselves on automated processes. It speeds up the process and makes it reasonably priced for everyone,” he said. “We pride ourselves on getting the folks in, getting their project done, getting them out and going on to the next person.” The Law Store includes a wide range of services, from wills and estate planning, traffic tickets and basic small-business and real estate needs. It will also accept personal injury, family and elder law, immigration and bankruptcy matters, with more complex cases referred to outside attorneys. So far, he said the response has been positive. “We offered them something they haven’t had before,” he said. “It’s convenient, there’s really no barriers that are put up to going to see a lawyer if you’re going to The Law Store.” The firm has plans to continue its expansion in 2017. Three stores are slated to open in Kansas City area Walmarts – in Liberty, Blue Springs and Lee’s Summit – and a third is set to open in the Dallas metro area. 10:37 am Wed, January 25, 2017 Missouri Lawyers Media Jessica Shumaker tweet Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.             Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Missouri Lawyers Weekly is available to both print and online subscribers. Current Edition My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Sailler announces retirement January 30, 2017 Breaking the school-to-prison pipeline Longtime face of victims’ advocacy group SNAP steps down Longtime face of victims’ advocacy group SNAP steps down Missouri Lawyers Weekly ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2017 Missouri Lawyers Media 319 N Fourth St., 5th Floor, St. Louis, MO 63102 (314) 421-1880
The Bates Student THE VOICE OF BATES COLLEGE SINCE 1873 Current Issue News Forum Arts & Leisure Sports News A walk with a Russian Interview with Lera Fedorova. webert Published on January 25, 2017 0 Likes 0 Comments Roger Williams at sunset as William interviews Lera Fedorova. MAX HUANG/THE BATES STUDENT Lera Fedorova is the devoted and deliberate Russian TA who graciously sat down with The Bates Student to give us her story. Lera Fedorova:  I’m from Russia, I live in a city called Orel, ah yes it is not far from Moscow. So I studied at the university and I got a bachelor’s degree there, and now I am getting my master’s. William Ebert: What did you do for fun as a kid? LF: First I went to puppet theater, I was participating there with all the puppets and all these things. And then I decided to go to art school and I studied there for 6 years and I finished it quite early since most people there were 2 or 3 years older than me, than I was. Me and my friends usually, we just, we just went out for walk. I noticed here, that people don’t really walk, just to walk. So people usually go to some places to cinemas, to theaters, to park. But in Russia, it is a general thing, you always see kids outside, they are just walking, just in the streets. Once when I just arrived here in Lewiston, I decided to walk a little bit and I needed some stuff so I decided to go to Walmart, and I walked to Walmart. And I think 3 cars stopped and asked if everything is ok with me, do I need a ride or something? I was just walking! Yeah, so it was crazy a little bit for me. WE: What was it like living in Russia? What was different than living here? LF: I can’t say that I feel much difference, because I am here as adult, I am an adult here. But I can say that we had lots of freedom from our parents. I think, well as far as I can judge, here it is not that freedom. If I may say so again, because they let me go to the city center to meet my friends especially in the summer; I just had to be home at certain time, but everything was fine. Yeah, I think these moments that they give you freedom to grow up or to be with your friends or to somehow understanding to behave yourself and yeah. WE: What is one defining moment in your life? LF: I think this was the moment when I, um, moved out from my parents flat, because before that, the period before that was somehow defining and when I started living on my own was also one of those moments. So before that for five or six months, I was working hard, I was studying all the time, I almost didn’t show up at my parents place just to sleep, and not even every night, so I was real busy. I almost didn’t talk to my parents, they of course didn’t like they, they didn’t see their daughter in a while, she was supposed to be with them all the time. And there was one moment when I, some evening, I decided to talk to my father and he told me about his hunt, he’s a hunter, yes and I asked about his friend, something like ‘How is he?’ And he looked at me strangely and said that he died two months before. And this was horrible for me because he was one of my parents, my father’s best friends, and I didn’t know about it. Yes, at this moment, I realized I needed to change everything somehow, and my parents probably realized that we need to do something. And I think a month after it, I moved out to my apartment and I don’t know why, I separated from my parents and it was hard for all of us, but we became closer and uh, I realized the importance of talking to your close people to spending time with your close people, and finding this time. Because before I thought, come on I live with them, they see me; isn’t that enough? Haha, they sometimes see me. Yes, but after that, all this period, I realized this importance. I always talk with my mother, I call my father maybe once a week probably and we talk a few hours, so yes. This is very important thing. WE: What do you think of the States? LF: I like it a lot. I didn’t think that, States um, were going to be much different from Russia. Of course they are different, but I mean the mentality and all the things. But it is. It is very different, it very interesting to see how people here behave how people here communicate. And I really enjoyed being here while the elections. Yes, I realize that for you guys it is not that fun, but for me it was just interesting to see how everyone reacted to everything because in Russia for the last few years people don’t really care about the elections and just political things they don’t care. They like to discuss something, but they never understand anything and it can only be a couple of words. But here people are really into politics and people understand what it is, I don’t understand what politics at all or anything, it is just impossible for me to talk about it, so I was quite fascinated by this moment and I don’t know, just general mentalities of things. WE: What is the best thing and the worst thing about America? LE: I really like that it is possible to bring your dog to every place. It is so amazing! And seeing dogs everywhere and even in planes, and during studies, some teachers bring their dogs, Roger Williams where I work, there is one teacher who bring her dog all the time. And this is amazing. It could never happen in Russia, I don’t think. I never saw this, and it is really hard to bring your dog to a restaurant or some place. Um to shop no, everywhere is no dogs, no dogs. And the worst thing…um…I had some moments, I dislike this American smile. Yeah, not the smile, the smile itself. It is very curious how people, when you’re just some person walking and the person smiles. But this is not the thing. The smile is in their face but then you never know what they really mean, what they really say, what is really on their mind. Yeah, we are cool, and you are cool, and everything is cool, but in reality they have something in their mind, something different. WE: How did you end up at Bates? LF: My university has some kind of collaboration with Bates. So every year or two uh teacher assistants from my university come to Bates, and students from Bates, sometimes, once in a few years, come to my city to study Russian studies, Russian culture and Ecology a little bit also so, yes two years ago was the last time they came, and I helped with the organization of everything with their coming and after that yes, the previous spring, my professor asked me if I want to go here. And I agree. Yes, I really like being here. Just the organization, and the students, I really love my students you know, choosing to study Russian. Is a very difficult decision to make since it is difficult, but I really enjoy it a lot. Share This Article Cafe LA: The best tasting hole-in-the-wall Bates students Women’s March Alpine, Nordic ski teams place 7th in St. Lawrence Carnival Behind the scenes of book building with Professor Robert Strong Men’s basketball continues to skid, drop two NESCAC games Mission IMPROVable saves the day Bates students Women’s March Cafe LA: The best tasting hole-in-the-wall Experiences abroad in Japan Women’s, men’s track and field impress at Bates Invitational An alphabetical journey into the English Premier League: E Mission IMPROVable saves the day An alphabetical journey into the English Premier League: H Men’s basketball continues to skid, drop two NESCAC games Charles Martel on Dear Bates College Administration, stephenverchinski on The End of the Clintons Sean Findlen on To the editor, Sean Findlen on Dear Bates College Administration, John John on 5 easy ways to be a white ally in the face of a Trump presidency Renate Jakupca on From an Indians fan: Why the club should move on from @BatesStudent Tweets by @BatesStudent Copyright (C) 2016 The Bates Student Advertise Archives The Student Team Subscribe Contact Us
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Man rams fire truck twice, head-on, as he flees questioning about arsons Print Email Rosemary Parker | rparker3@mlive.com By Rosemary Parker | rparker3@mlive.com The Kalamazoo Gazette Follow on Twitter on January 25, 2017 at 7:15 AM, updated January 25, 2017 at 8:03 AM comments A fire truck was seriously damaged when a driver rammed into it.file photo  CALHOUN COUNTY, MI -- A 30-year-old Grand Rapids man was arrested Monday night, accused of setting several fires, then ramming a fire truck, twice, as it arrived on a call. Shortly before midnight Jan. 23, Emmett Township Public Safety officers were called to the parking lot of Meijer at 6405 B Drive North in Harper Village on a reported vehicle fire, according to a news release from the department. When officers arrived they were told that the fire was intentionally set and witnesses described a man they saw sticking a rag or shirt into the gas tank and starting it on fire. Witnesses called 911 and attempted to extinguish the fire on their own, authorities said. Witnesses were able to provide officers with descriptions of the man and the vehicle he was driving, and as fire crews finished extinguishing the car fire, a second fire was discovered by employees in the bathroom at the Meijer gas station. Emmett Township units responded to that call as well, and witness descriptions of the man they saw matched the description of the man accused of setting the car fire. Other units were called into the area when a suspect matching that description was found inside Walmart at 6020 B Drive North, suspected of attempting to commit a retail fraud. Emmett Police and Fire units responded, and found a man and a vehicle in the parking lot of Walmart, which both matched the descriptions of witnesses. But as officers approached the man, he drove off at a high rate of speed, ramming an Emmett DPS fire engine head-on, authorities said. The fire truck was pulling into the Walmart parking lot to check for the possibility that the man had set another fire inside that store. After the man rammed the fire truck a second time he fled eastbound on B Drive North, authorities said.  Emmett units, assisted by Battle Creek police and Michigan State Police, followed the suspect, whose vehicle was heavily damaged from striking the fire truck, at speeds of 25-40 mph. The vehicle finally went into a ditch on B Drive North west of Silver Springs Lane.   At that point the man was taken into custody without further incident. There were no injuries reported, but damage to the fire truck was extensive. Estimates of the damage to Meijer gas station and the car that was set on fire were not immediately available.   Further investigation showed that the man may have unsuccessfully attempted to start additional fires inside of the occupied Meijer store. The man will be charged with multiple counts including Arson, Fleeing and Eluding, Damage to Fire Apparatus and additional charges, authorities said. His name was not released. The incident remains under investigation. Michigan's Best Day 2: Highlights from Ann Arbor, Saline and Tecumseh Day 1: We visited Detroit, the bowling capital of the world The 27 bowling alleys we'll visit on our search Your picks for Michigan's Best Bowling Alley 10 facts about bowling in Michigan Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Palatin Technologies, Inc. (PTN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Roth Capital Drax Group Plc (DRX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group Drax Group Plc (DRX) PT Raised to GBX 305 at Jefferies Group LLC Drax Group Plc (DRX) Cut to Buy at S&P Global Inc. Deutsche Bank AG Raises Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (RGA) Price Target to $127.00 Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Has $287,000 Stake in MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Has $263,000 Position in Cigna Corporation (CI) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Invests $261,000 in Hyatt Hotels Corporation (H) Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV Takes Position in Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV Invests $228,000 in Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV Buys Shares of 9,706 TEGNA Inc. (TGNA) D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) Shares Bought by Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Has $1,727,000 Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Invests $1,626,000 in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Has $1,271,000 Stake in Essex Property Trust, Inc. (ESS) Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Holds Position in Novartis AG (NVS) Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Shares Sold by Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Stake Maintained by Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Stake Maintained by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Price Target Cut to $70.00 January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) had its target price cut by analysts at Morgan Stanley from $74.00 to $70.00 in a research note issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has an “equal weight” rating on the retailer’s stock. Morgan Stanley’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 3.86% from the stock’s previous close. WMT has been the subject of a number of other reports. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $82.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Sunday, November 13th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $72.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a $72.80 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Finally, Nomura set a $81.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $74.55. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 67.40 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $207.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.62 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores has a 1-year low of $62.35 and a 1-year high of $75.19. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $69.41 and a 200-day moving average price of $70.97. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.03 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-price-target-cut-to-70-00.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $100,000. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $104,000. BKS Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $110,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $111,000. Finally, Piershale Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller

CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory Margaret and Phil McGovern​ ​a​re traveling in their fifth wheel RV and sharing some of their experiences on the road. ​ Submitted Local Opinion Columns Living Local Features Greenwood residents hit the road, beginning their next adventure Former mayor, husband spend winter traveling in RV By Staff Reports - 1/24/17 4:45 PM By Margaret McGovern A lot has happened to us in the last year and a half. Eight years of winter sailing on our catamaran, Sunshine, came to a tragic end in May 2015 when the Coast Guard tried to help us by towing our boat in the Gulf of Mexico and ended up sinking her. But life goes on. You pick yourself up, dust yourself off and search for another adventure. Back on land in Greenwood for that summer, we began to think about buying an RV. As much as we love the ocean, we have not visited a lot of the western United States. After lots of reading and tramping around RV lots, we decided on a 37-foot fifth wheel, an RV that extends over the bed of a pickup truck. Story continues below gallery 1 of 3 Margaret McGovern next to a marker showing how high the water rose during Hurricane Katrina at St. Bernard State Park, eight miles south of New Orleans, during the couple's travels in their RV. Submitted Margaret and Phil McGovern​ ​a​re traveling in their fifth wheel RV and sharing some of their experiences on the road. ​ Submitted Greenwood residents Phil and Margaret McGovern travel in their RV and stopped at Billy's Famous Barbecue in Jasper, Texas, which has been opened in this location for 36 years. Submitted We spent the rest of the summer reading and studying about our RV, purchasing the necessary equipment and supplies, and making trial runs to state parks. When summer ended and the temperature began to drop, we packed up and headed south and west. That first winter on the road was a learning experience. There is a big difference between an RV and a boat when you are looking for a place to spend the night. On our sailboat, we could drop the anchor anyplace that offered a little shelter and was shallow enough for the anchor to reach the bottom. We usually planned in advance, but sometimes we simply discovered a place along the way. It might be a deserted island off the coast of Belize or a cove along the mainland of Honduras. Finding a good place to park an RV is quite different. If you don’t plan ahead and make reservations, you might find yourself spending the night in a Walmart parking lot (yes) or a rest area along the interstate (not yet). Pulling an RV and piloting a boat are also very different. On a boat, the only times you might run into something was usually at a dock, in a marina, or getting too close to bridge pilings or other boats. Driving an RV, the whole world is an obstacle course. Fences, guard rails, gates, diesel pumps, overhead canopies, curbs, cars, trucks, trees and many other hazards jump out at you around every turn. And those hazards sometimes leave permanent marks on your brand new RV for all the world to see. One of the first things you learn driving a 19-foot truck towing a 37-foot RV is that you must make extremely wide turns. Cutting a curve too closely can leave a path of destruction in its wake. Campgrounds are notorious for narrow roads and trees close to the road. Many of the state and federal parks were constructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps between 1933 and 1942, before RVs became so popular and so big. Roads, bridges and campsites in those parks often reflect a time when tent campers were more common and travel trailers were small. Overhead hazards are everywhere. Our RV is 13.6-feet high. It is difficult to judge how high a branch or an electric line is. Sometimes you just have to chance it and be ready for the consequences if you misjudged. Fortunately, most low-clearance bridges and overpasses are clearly marked. Those measurements are accurate unless the road beneath has been repaved many times, rendering the markings obsolete. Walmart became our friend while we traveled. The parking lot was always big enough for us to park our rig and we could purchase most everything we needed, including prescription refills, at any Walmart store. Another difference between a boat and an RV becomes evident when you park, or anchor, for the night. With a boat, one person is at the steering wheel and another is at the front of the boat. You pick your spot, drop the anchor, and then back down to secure the anchor. It’s not quite that simple, but almost. There are few things that can threaten a 47-year marriage, but backing a fifth wheel into a narrow campsite is one of them. The process defies common sense. If you want your rig to back to the left, you turn the steering wheel to the right, and vice versa. Since the pivot point is in the bed of the truck, the RV doesn’t respond right away. Judging when it will begin to turn is a talent that we haven’t yet acquired. Some campgrounds have pull-through sites that don’t require backing in, but we usually seem to get assigned to the back-in sites. Watching fifth wheel drivers try to park their rigs is considered great entertainment at most campgrounds. Our first season on the road was very positive and lots of fun. We made it all the way to Pancho Villa State Park in New Mexico, right on the border with Mexico. We saw amazing scenery, met interesting people, explored small towns and big cities, and learned a lot. The most beautiful wild flowers are in Texas. New Orleans is probably our favorite city so far, with great music and pralines to die for. Most states have better roads than Indiana, except for Louisiana, which has terrible roads. Texans drive the fastest. The speed limit on most two-lane roads in Texas is 70 mph, sometimes 75 mph. Southern New Mexico is a desert, with dust storms and road runners. We have learned some history along the way. Mexican independence fighter Pancho Villa raided the small town of Columbus, New Mexico, in 1916 and then fled back across the border. U.S. General Pershing arrived in Columbus with 12,000 troops and crossed the border looking for Pancho Villa. He was never captured. And finally, pick up an armadillo under its arms, never by the tail. This winter, we are traveling again. We have gained some skills and are still working on others. We have made it to Texas and are headed to California, then maybe Oregon, then maybe Seattle. Where we go depends on the weather and on our mood and imagination. The adventure continues! Phil and Margaret McGovern of Greenwood are spending the winter traveling in their RV. Margaret, a commercial real estate broker and former mayor of Greenwood, writes about the couple’s journey. Send comments to letters@dailyjournal.net. STAY CONNECTED 11,646FansLike 3,597FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © All content copyright Daily Journal, a publication of AIM Media Indiana unless otherwise noted. Click here for privacy policy
Crimestoppers: 3 suspects, 3 swipes - KAIT Jonesboro, AR - Region 8 News, weather, sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY - Home Recalls Trending Stories Slideshows National Entertainment Terrorism around the world Strange Education News President Donald Trump Right This Minute Video Coverage Iraq Crisis Mobile Apps Available Email & Text Alerts VIDEO: Region 8 Showcase LOCAL Business - Money Watch CrimeStoppers - Politics Religion Today Technology Tracking Region 8 Pump Patrol WEATHER INTERACTIVE ALERTS MAP River Stages INTERACTIVE RADAR StormTRACK Doppler 8 Radar Window Farmers' Forecast SkyCAM Network Central Dealerships StormTracker SneezeCAST Region 8 News LIVE or Latest Weather and disaster coverage Mobile Apps Available Winter Weather Closings & Cancellations SPORTS FastBreak Friday Night A-State Red Wolves Arkansas Razorbacks Region 8 Outdoors Subscribe/Manage Text Alerts SEC Digital Network Video Video Health Affordable Care Act Health & Medical Home Health Connections SneezeCAST Cold & Flu Baby Faces - Presented by NEA Baptist Mobile Apps Available LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style VideoBytes Press Releases TV KAIT-TV Programming Schedule NBC Region 8 - What's On ABC.com NBC.com Children's Television Act Compliance Mobile Apps Available COMMUNITY Region 8 Community Calendar Stay Focused and Drive Pledge Teacher of The Year - Scholarship Salute Take a Road Trip kait8.com Obituaries GR8 Acts of Kindness Region 8 Crime Watch Region 8 Pump Patrol Religion Today Energy Alert System Mobile Apps Available About Us KAIT Contact Info Meet Our News Team Contact Region 8 News Contact Our Sales Team Digital Sales Region 8 News LIVE or Latest KAIT Jobs KAIT 50th Anniversary: 1963-2013 Mobile Apps Available Contests GR8 Acts of Kindness - Promotion Rules Try This Drive - Official Promotion Rules Enter to Win a Barton's Weather Umbrella! GMR8 Birthday Club Crimestoppers: 3 suspects, 3 swipes 2017-01-25T02:58:19Z2017-01-25T04:02:00Z Posted by Craig Rickert, Anchor - Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography crickert@kait8.com (Source: JPD) Michael Nesby and Vaughn Carter (Source: JPD) (Source: KAIT) (Source: KAIT) JONESBORO, AR (KAIT) - She works in an office that isn’t easy to locate, so Jonesboro Police are hoping this week’s suspects are from the Jonesboro area. The victim of this week’s crime works in an office on the fourth floor of a local hospital.  It’s a place that would be difficult to find by accident. She says her debit card was stolen from her purse while it was in her office.  The detective working the case says three suspects were captured on camera at a Jonesboro Walmart allegedly using that stolen card. The suspects are two women and one man.  It's one of the bigger takes we've seen on Crimestoppers.  The report says the suspects made one purchase for $1200, and another for over $1300.  A third attempt to use the card was declined.  The video from Walmart also shows the suspects came together in a white SUV, maybe a Toyota. If you can make an ID on any of these suspects, it could be worth money.  Call in that tip to Crimestoppers at 935-STOP.  JPD is also looking for a pair of people with a combined total of 26 warrants.  Michael Nesby has the smaller list this week.  He's on the books for half a dozen Fail to Appear warrants out of JPD. Vaughn Allen Carter more than triples that total.  He has 20 warrants.  18 for contempt of court for non payment of fines, and a pair of fail to appear warrants. If you can help police track down Vaughn A. Carter or Michael Nesby, Crimestoppers has some money for you.  Call in that tip to Crimestoppers anonymously at 935-STOP or text it. Take your iPhone or Droid phone and type in 2-7-4-6-3-7 or type in the word "CRIMES" if your phone can do that.  Then, in the message, type in 935stop. One word, followed by your tip.  Hit send and you'll get a message back from Crimestoppers with your anonymous tip number.  This is yours to keep for any future reward.  That's how Crimestoppers works, 935-STOP Copyright 2017 KAIT. All rights reserved. Watch Region 8 News On Demand: On your Desktop | On your Mobile device Region 8 News App - Install or update on your: iPhone | Android Latest WiresMore>> National Stories National Tech stories from the AP wire Tech stories from the AP wire Technology stories from the Associated Press. Technology stories from the Associated Press. Strange Stories Strange News Health Stories Health Stories Political Stories from the Associated Press Political Stories from the Associated Press Get the latest news on national politics. Get the latest news on national politics.    Region 8 News</span><a class="customMoreLink" href="/Global/category.asp?C=4391" target="_top">More >></a>Region 8 NewsMore>> UCP Superstar shines after years of struggle UCP Superstar shines after years of struggle Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 8:22 PM EST2017-01-28 01:22:51 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:28 PM EST2017-01-28 02:28:01 GMT Braylon practices climbing up and down a small flight of stairs at The Learning Center. (Source: KAIT-TV) Braylon McClain’s life changed after surgery. Braylon McClain’s life changed after surgery. JPD celebrates officer's years of service JPD celebrates officer's years of service Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 8:54 PM EST2017-01-28 01:54:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:20 PM EST2017-01-28 02:20:24 GMT (Source: Jonesboro Police Department) Jonesboro police honored a newly retired officer on Friday and marked the celebration with a party. Jonesboro police honored a newly retired officer on Friday and marked the celebration with a party. Doctor: Even vaccinated people should be cautious of mumps Doctor: Even vaccinated people should be cautious of mumps Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 7:06 PM EST2017-01-28 00:06:50 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:14 PM EST2017-01-28 02:14:33 GMT (Source: AP Graphics Bank) A confirmed mumps case at Jonesboro Kindergarten Center makes four Region 8 counties dealing with the disease. A confirmed mumps case at Jonesboro Kindergarten Center makes four Region 8 counties dealing with the disease. Man sentenced for production of child pornography Man sentenced for production of child pornography Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 8:11 PM EST2017-01-28 01:11:25 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:05 PM EST2017-01-28 02:05:09 GMT (Source: AP) A man will spend the next 15 years in prison after he was convicted of production of child pornography. A man will spend the next 15 years in prison after he was convicted of production of child pornography. Grant provides new body armor for deputies Grant provides new body armor for deputies Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 8:33 PM EST2017-01-28 01:33:20 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:56 PM EST2017-01-28 01:56:52 GMT Deputies with new body armor (Source: Baxter County Sheriff's Office) Deputies at the Baxter County Sheriff’s Office will be better protected after they were given the money to buy new body armor. Deputies at the Baxter County Sheriff’s Office will be better protected after they were given the money to buy new body armor.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Actor John Hurt dead at 77 Actor John Hurt dead at 77 Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 10:02 PM EST2017-01-28 03:02:14 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:45 PM EST2017-01-28 03:45:12 GMT In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014 photo, British actor John Hurt poses for photographers during the premiere of the film The Imitation Game, at the Odeon in Leicester Square, central London. (Source: AP Photo by Joel Ryan/Invision/AP, File) Actor John Hurt was 77.  Actor John Hurt was 77.  Hattiesburg man’s epic storm account goes viral Hattiesburg man’s epic storm account goes viral Updated: Wednesday, January 25 2017 10:16 PM EST2017-01-26 03:16:30 GMT David Alexander/Photo credit: YouTube video screenshot A Weather Channel correspondent captured an epic story of survival from a Hub City man after an EF-3 tornado hit Hattiesburg and Petal.  A Weather Channel correspondent captured an epic story of survival from a Hub City man after an EF-3 tornado hit Hattiesburg and Petal.  news Gov. Bentley reveals Rebekah Mason traveled with Ala. delegation to presidential inauguration Gov. Bentley reveals Rebekah Mason traveled with Ala. delegation to presidential inauguration Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:10 PM EST2017-01-27 21:10:42 GMT Friday, Governor Robert Bentley revealed that his ex-aide and alleged mistress Rebekah Mason traveled with the Alabama delegation to President Donald Trump's inauguration. Friday, Governor Robert Bentley revealed that his ex-aide and alleged mistress Rebekah Mason traveled with the Alabama delegation to President Donald Trump's inauguration. Baby born at 22 weeks defies the worst odds Baby born at 22 weeks defies the worst odds Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:02 PM EST2017-01-27 23:02:13 GMT (Kristen Hampton | WBTV) For four months little Sebastian, born at just one pound, stayed in the NICU at Novant Health Hospital in Charlotte. For four months little Sebastian, born at just one pound, stayed in the NICU at Novant Health Hospital in Charlotte. Woman in Emmett Till 'whistling' case admits to fabricating testimony Woman in Emmett Till 'whistling' case admits to fabricating testimony Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 6:44 PM EST2017-01-27 23:44:46 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:44 PM EST2017-01-27 23:44:46 GMT In a new book, a white Mississippi woman says she fabricated part of testimony she gave about black Chicago teenager Emmett Till in a case whose murderers' acquittal in 1955 motivated the civil rights movement.  In a new book, a white Mississippi woman says she fabricated part of testimony she gave about black Chicago teenager Emmett Till in a case whose murderers' acquittal in 1955 motivated the civil rights movement.  Four women charged in Boone vandalism case Four women charged in Boone vandalism case Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:44 PM EST2017-01-27 21:44:31 GMT (Steve Ohnesorge | WBTV) Taryn Bledsoe, 22, Julia Grainger, 22, Elizabeth Prier, 22, and Hannah Seay, 21, are all charged with seven counts each of misdemeanor graffiti vandalism. Taryn Bledsoe, 22, Julia Grainger, 22, Elizabeth Prier, 22, and Hannah Seay, 21, are all charged with seven counts each of misdemeanor graffiti vandalism.    Can't Find Something? 472 CR 766 Jonesboro, AR 72401 (870) 931-8888 FCC Public File publicfile@kait8.com (870) 336-1817 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Green Square Capital LLC Has $2,692,000 Stake in Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) Ares Capital Corporation (ARCC) Stake Raised by Green Square Capital LLC Green Square Capital LLC Has $3,963,000 Position in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF) Green Square Capital LLC Has $4,258,000 Stake in Macy’s Inc (M) Page Arthur B Holds Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Page Arthur B Buys Shares of 6,010 Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Position Held by Patten Group Inc. Patten Group Inc. Takes Position in Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Stake Boosted by Patten Group Inc. Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,275 Shares of CDW Corporation (CDW) Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW) Shares Sold by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Invests $213,000 in Kilroy Realty Corporation (KRC) Horizon Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Acco Brands Corporation (ACCO) Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Usca Ria LLC Has $1,607,000 Position in Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $3,612,000 in Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. (STML) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $10,878,000 in MacroGenics, Inc. (MGNX) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $11,430,000 in Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Capital International Sarl Has $2,213,000 Stake in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Earns “Hold” Rating from Argus January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by equities research analysts at Argus in a research note issued on Tuesday. Other research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Guggenheim started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target for the company. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. KeyCorp set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, October 7th. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $82.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $74.55. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) traded up 1.13% on Tuesday, reaching $67.40. 10,710,616 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market cap of $207.13 billion, a PE ratio of 14.62 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores has a 52-week low of $62.35 and a 52-week high of $75.19. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $69.41 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.97. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The company earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s quarterly revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.03 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-earns-hold-rating-from-argus.html. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at $16,760,808.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at $100,000. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $104,000. BKS Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $110,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at $111,000. Finally, Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content -4° Fair Hi 12° Lo -16° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices Man arrested twice in two days when ex-wife turns over drugs: On the record for Jan. 17 to 23 By Lauren Blair Tuesday, January 24, 2017 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss Comment Advertisement Craig Police Department Craig  Friday, Jan. 20 4:42 a.m.: At East Seventh Street and Ashley Road, officers took a report of a vehicle accident. A plow driver reported passing a black Dodge truck that had run off the road and was stuck in the snow near a fence. The vehicle was unoccupied and no damage appeared to have been done. 8:05 a.m.: At The Memorial Hospital Clinic, officers responded to a report of a fraud. 9:44 a.m.: On the 700 block of Legion Street, officers responded to an animal complaint. The man believed he had a raccoon in his house. He was tipped off when the food that was left out overnight for a cat was gone the next morning, but the cat wasn’t in the house. He requested to borrow a live trap from animal control and his request was granted. 11:42 a.m.: At Correctional Alternative Placement Services on Ranney Street, officers took a report of a possible drug violation. Some pills were found in a room and the reporting party requested officers come examine them. No arrests were made. 12:11 p.m.: At Domino’s Pizza, officers responded to a report of a traffic accident between a grey Dodge Caravan and a Ford F150. 12:21 p.m.: At Walmart, officers responded to a report of a weapon violation. A male party tried to purchase a weapon but was denied because charges remained on his record that hadn’t been fully expunged. 1:12 p.m.: At Yampa Avenue and East Sixth Street, officers responded to a report of two suspicious males walking west on Sixth, one of whom was reportedly carrying a rifle. One man was in camouflage pants, a dark-colored jacket and a beanie. Officers were unable to find them. 4:17 p.m.: On the 1100 block of West Victory Way, officers responded to a commercial alarm at the old Kmart building. A broken window was found. 8:25 p.m.: On the 900 block of Yampa Avenue, officers responded to a report of harassment involving a juvenile. Saturday, Jan. 21 11:54 a.m.: On the 300 block of Woodbury Drive, officers responded to a report of possible harassment on Facebook. A local female party was receiving communications on Facebook from a male in Texas. Officers instructed her on how to block the person. 12:13 p.m.: On the 300 block of Washington Street, officers responded to a report of theft. A purse was stolen from a vehicle, but the owner confronted the thief and got the purse back. 12:48 p.m.: On the 700 block of Green Street, officers responded to a 911 call and a report of a disturbance involving a juvenile out of control. 2:18 p.m.: At Centennial Mall, officers responded to a report of two juveniles riding skateboards inside the mall. Both juveniles were trespassed from the mall. 8:12 p.m.: On the 900 block of West First Street, officers responded to a report of assault. A male was brought into the hospital claiming he fell on the ice, but members of the family suggested it might have been an assault. The incident is still under investigation. 10:36 p.m.: On the 1400 block of Barclay Street, officers responded to a report of harassment. The complainant claims to have been receiving strange phone calls for several weeks. Sunday, Jan. 22 2:51 p.m.: On the 0 block of West Victory Way, officers responded to a report of one employee threatening another employee. Officers talked to the alleged victim and no one wanted to press charges. 3:44 p.m.: On the 200 block of Sandrock Drive, officers responded to a report of verbal domestic violence. A male party would not let the female party make a phone call to the police. When officers arrived, she handed over possible controlled substances and drug paraphernalia. The male was arrested for domestic violence, obstruction of telephone service and unlawful possession of a controlled substance and drug paraphernalia. 8:51 p.m.: On the 1400 block of Barclay Street, officers responded to a report of harassment. A party was receiving harassing phone calls from an unknown person. Monday, Jan. 23 1:10 a.m.: On the 800 block of Stout Street, officers responded to a report of a suspicious person. A resident reported seeing a couple kids ages 10 to 15 walking southbound on the street and she was concerned why they were out so late on a school night. 4:58 a.m.: At the Craig Post Office, officers responded to a report of a male sleeping in the post office. He was contacted and asked to move on and he agreed. 7:59 a.m.: On the 1600 block of A Street, officers responded to a traffic accident on private property. A vehicle collided with a fence doing damage to the fence. 8:30 a.m.: At Tunies and Such, officers responded to a report of fraud. Someone left a threatening message on the answering machine demanding checking account information. 12:06 p.m.: On the 0 block of East Fourth Street, officers responded to a traffic accident. A black Chevy Equinox backed into a Suzuki sedan in a parking lot. 5:10 p.m.: On the 200 block of Sandrock Drive, officers responded to a request for a civil standby for a male party who was arrested the day before on domestic violence and drug charges. When the male returned home to pick up some personal items after being released from jail, his ex-wife gave officers a bag containing illegal drugs. The male party was arrested a second time for possession of a schedule IV controlled substance, tampering with physical evidence and possession of drug paraphernalia. 5:19 p.m.: At an undisclosed location, officers responded to a report of child abuse or neglect. 8:55 p.m.: On the 1100 block of West Sixth Street, officers responded to a report of a disturbance involving a juvenile. 8:58 p.m.: On the 1100 block of West Sixth Street, officers responded to a report of a suspicious incident. A male called wanting to know if two officers had stopped by his house and talked to his wife. 9:58 p.m.: At Walmart, officers responded to a report of a suspicious vehicle. Moffat County Jail Tuesday, Jan. 17 Ethan Tyrel Robinson, 25, of Craig, was arrested on charges of allegedly driving under restraint related to alcohol, possession of illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia, and violation of bail bonds and bail bond conditions. Tanner Eugene Sholes, 34, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for trespassing a dwelling in violation of bail bonds. Robert Henry Wieland, III, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail to serve time for a previous offense. Jeremy H. Yazzie, 21, of Fruitland, New Mexico, was cited for allegedly driving under the influence of alcohol. Jerrad John Carney, 31, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail to serve time for a previous offense. Wednesday, Jan. 18 Roger Neil Gibson, Jr., 47, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for failure to appear. Harvey Franklin Lowell, 55, of Meeker, was cited for providing false information or identification for a firearm background check. Stephen Nathaniel Otis, 24, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a parole hold. Warren Edward Dillon, 60, of Clifton, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for failure to appear in relation to a traffic violation. Thursday, Jan. 19 Brian Anthony Ghirardelli, 36, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail to serve time for a previous offense. Tanner Robert Snyder, 19, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail for allegedly driving under the influence, careless driving, open alcoholic beverages in a vehicle, possession of illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia, failure to give information after striking another vehicle and failure to report an accident. Eric William Aalbue, 39, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail to serve time for a previous offense. Friday, Jan. 20 Chad Allen Davis, 44, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged unlawful possession of a controlled substance and drug paraphernalia. Gary Lee Holman, 42, of Denver, was arrested on charges of alleged distribution, manufacture or possession of illegal drugs, three charges of possession of schedule I/II illegal drugs and possession of drug paraphernalia. He was also booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold for parole violations. Trevor Lane Ormsbee, 24, of Pueblo, was arrested on charges of alleged distribution, manufacture or possession of illegal drugs. Elizabeth Jean Zimmerman, 33, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged distribution, manufacture or possession of less than a half ounce of illegal drugs and first degree introducing contraband. Saturday, Jan. 21 Gary Lee Holman, 42, of Denver, was arrested on charges of alleged second degree introducing contraband Sunday, Jan. 22 Ryan Lopez, 34, of Craig, was arrested on charges of alleged domestic violence, obstruction of telephone services and possession of illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia. Rosemary Coleman, 32, of Hayden, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for larceny. Monday, Jan. 23 Melody Jean Lyons, 56, of Maybell, was arrested on charges of alleged unlawful possession of a controlled substance. Ryan Brandon Rowley, 42, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a warrant for failure to comply with a court order. Rusty Allen Surovik, 35, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold for parole. Sidney Lee Eller, 55, of Maybell, was arrested on charges of alleged driving under restraint related to alcohol and first degree introducing contraband. More like this story On the record for Moffat County jail Jan. 16 On the record for Dec. 14 On the record for Nov. 24 On the record for Feb. 9 On the record for Moffat County Jail Jan. 2 Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories Retail pot will not be on April ballot in Craig 4 comments Right to die? Not at Craig's hospital 1 comment Does Craig need more space for conferences, weddings, special events? 2 comments Lance Scranton: Grow up! 2 comments On the record for Jan. 11: Officers field question about dog pooping on balcony 3 comments Lance Scranton: Chinook winds to change course 2 comments Lance Scranton: Want to be seen in 2017? 2 comments Broadband top priority for Hickenlooper; Moffat County completes broadband report 1 comment U.S. Rep. Scott Tipton: Setting the stage for 2017 1 comment Danielle Elkins: Trump offers hope in battling opioid epidemic in US 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Opinion Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â Opinion Amid Trump’s swearing-in, more demonstrations of schools’ skewed priorities: Sal Rodriguez The historic scene in Washington, D.C., as President Trump delivered his inaugural address Jan. 20. A learning moment for kids, but education officials had other ideas. (Photo by Patrick Semansky/Associated Press) By Sal Rodriguez Posted: 01/24/17, 3:44 PM PST | Updated: 3 days ago # Comments The day before President Donald Trump’s inauguration, the United Teachers Los Angeles, which represents teachers in the Los Angeles Unified School District, convened demonstrations throughout the district, enlisting students, teachers and parents. Calling the gatherings a “Shield Our Schools Action,” participants held signs reading “Shield Against ...” a litany of easily relatable concerns, like racism and sexism and anti-Semitism, things that no decent person would go out of their way to speak in favor of. On its own, such a stand against such terrible –isms certainly seemed important, even valiant. But this wasn’t one of those feel-good demonstrations against racism. It was a co-opting of the natural revulsion to racism and sexism as a means of guilting people into making connections that otherwise wouldn’t exist. Among the signs against racism and sexism were signs condemning Trump, his nominee for secretary of education, Eli Broad and Walmart, as well as the privatization of education and union busting. This wasn’t about racism or even about standing up for a quality education. It was about linking education reform to polarizing ideas, people and practices. “We are here today for a simple reason,” said Alex Caputo-Pearl, president of UTLA. “We are here to stand up against anti-immigrant policies, against hate-filled rhetoric, and we are going to stand with parents, with students, against federal cuts to education budgets, and we are going to stand against the privatization of our public school system.” The narrative that sinister billionaires like Broad want to undermine public education, bust unions and make profits by being racist, sexist anti-Semites only makes sense if you live in the world of the teachers union. Broad evidently has committed a grave sin, from the UTLA perspective, by donating to charter schools — public schools with greater flexibility than typical public schools — which have boomed in popularity statewide and nationwide because of the inadequacy of regular public schools. So too has the Walton family, who own Walmart and have pledged $1 billion towards bolstering charter schools. In brief, the UTLA vigorously opposes charter schools mainly because they represent a plausible threat to their stranglehold over public education in LAUSD. Never mind that, according to the California Charter Schools Association, more than 600,000 students now attend charter schools in California. In 2015, nearly 160,000 students were on waiting lists to attend such schools. Advertisement Parents rightly want the best education for their child they can find, something hard to do in a district like LAUSD, which has long underperformed — from producing students who aren’t proficient in reading and mathematics to SAT and ACT scores below county, state and national averages. Alas, rather than advocating for parents and students, demonizing alternatives beyond pouring more money into mediocre systems is par for the course with unions like UTLA. Meanwhile, come inauguration day, the LAUSD held a “Unity Day” featuring “unity dances, poster sessions and restorative justice circles,” and suggested lessons focused on environmental, social and humanitarian topics. “There is a difference between staying neutral for pedagogical reasons to share different perspectives, and engaging in rhetoric that is disrespectful and biased,” the district’s Office of Human Relations, Diversity & Equity advised. This is in stark contrast to the glee with which the district welcomed the inauguration of President Barack Obama, with encouragements that students wear Obama T-shirts and recite from Obama’s “Yes We Can” speech. Having unfortunately been an LAUSD student at the time, I can recall the feelings of revulsion over such fawning welcoming of a president who, incidentally, went on to set records for deportations. Notably, none of this has anything to do with the core mission of schools those who teach in them. It’s all politics and pandering. Instead of using K-12 schools and students as platforms and pawns in a political game, maybe our efforts can be refocused towards actually educating students and exploring ways to improve education, even if it’s politically inconvenient. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Insurance Capital Insightful and in-depth coverage of Connecticut's insurance industry Business Insurance Capital Travelers CEO: Trump Tax Changes Could Influence Who We Buy From How a Trump tax-rate cut could cost high-tax states big time Pool / TNS U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks after signing five executive orders on Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2017 at the White House in Washington, D.C.  U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks after signing five executive orders on Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2017 at the White House in Washington, D.C.  (Pool / TNS) Mara Lee Contact Reporter It's not just auto manufacturers and Wal-Mart who have to worry about the possibility of the Trump administration penalizing imports and supporting exports through the tax code. Travelers CEO Alan Schnitzer was asked Tuesday morning by a stock analyst about how a border adjustment tax, as the idea is called, would affect his company's purchase of reinsurance from foreign companies. Insurers buy reinsurance to backstop against very large losses. Munich Re, which owns the Hartford Steam Boiler company, is the world's largest reinsurer. Swiss Re is the second largest, and Hannover Re is third. All three are European companies. Berkshire Hathaway, owned by Warren Buffett, is the largest U.S.-based reinsurer. Schnitzer said, "It's really hard to answer that question without knowing what the border adjustment is going to look like. If there were a tax adjustment to change the cost of reinsurance, obviously we could look for alternative providers of reinsurance.... But I think the broader point for us is reinsurance just isn't that big a deal for us." Caption Ivanka Trump to exit Trump Organization and her fashion company Ivanka Trump will formally step down from the Trump Organization and the fashion company she started. (Jan. 26, 2017) Ivanka Trump will formally step down from the Trump Organization and the fashion company she started. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Ivanka Trump to exit Trump Organization and her fashion company Ivanka Trump will formally step down from the Trump Organization and the fashion company she started. (Jan. 26, 2017) Ivanka Trump will formally step down from the Trump Organization and the fashion company she started. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Casino Reaction - Windsor Locks Diana Ross Gary speaks about how she hopes that revenue from a casino would benefit students in Windsor Locks at a community meeting at Windsor Locks High School Thursday night regarding a proposed casino project in town.The chairman of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation and the chairman of the Mohegan Tribe were on hand to explain some details about the project. Diana Ross Gary speaks about how she hopes that revenue from a casino would benefit students in Windsor Locks at a community meeting at Windsor Locks High School Thursday night regarding a proposed casino project in town.The chairman of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation and the chairman of the Mohegan Tribe were on hand to explain some details about the project. Caption Access Health CEO Talks Obamacare Access Health CEO Jim Wadleigh discusses the impact of the Affordable Care Act in Connecticut.  Access Health CEO Jim Wadleigh discusses the impact of the Affordable Care Act in Connecticut.  Caption Rep. Elizabeth Esty on transportation U.S. Rep. Elizabeth Esty of Connecticut talks about building bipartisan Congressional support for funding major highway, rail and airport projects in Connecticut.  U.S. Rep. Elizabeth Esty of Connecticut talks about building bipartisan Congressional support for funding major highway, rail and airport projects in Connecticut.  Caption State Sen. Tony Guglielmo Talks Crumbling Foundations State Sen. Tony Guglielmo of Stafford talks about crumbling foundations in northeastern Connecticut. State Sen. Tony Guglielmo of Stafford talks about crumbling foundations in northeastern Connecticut. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Hartford Courant Warren Buffett Obits e-Newspaper Breaking Sports Video Politics Community Most Viewed 38°
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Governor signs bill banning abortion procedure; measure fails to make March primary permanent Hutchinson: Trump’s protectionist talk a concern; opposes school choice bill Bill would delay medical marijuana until legal nationwide House panel advances tax break for military retirees, removes planned tax hike on manufactured housing Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Northwest Arkansas sales tax revenue begins 2017 with an almost 11% increase Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers Arkansas tourism industry hopes to build off two-year ‘hot streak,’ may face some economic headwinds in 2017 Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Walmart.com cuts 200 from its California operations BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 3 days ago 803 views  Tags: Walmart.com 0 SHARES Share Tweet Of the about 1,000 corporate jobs cuts at Wal-Mart Stores, about 200 are being cut from the Walmart.com division located in San Bruno, Calif. The job reductions might seem counter-intuitive given that Wal-Mart is investing heavily in its e-commerce business, but Walmart.com CEO Marc Lore explained the layoffs as part of a reorganization effort to become more customer centric. In a memo sent to Walmart.com employees on Tuesday (Jan. 24), Lore said, “We’re making changes on the inside so our customers can experience the benefits on the outside. Within the U.S. eCommerce team, we’re approaching this in a number of ways.” Earlier this month, Lore announced a new leadership team and made “updates to help us work smarter, move faster and ultimately win.” While Lore confirmed 200 positions were being eliminated, he said the company will add talent to the mix and continue to invest as it works to improve customer experiences. The layoffs in California are part of the 1,000 job eliminations confirmed by Walmart U.S. over the past two weeks and like in Bentonville, the layoffs today were across the board involving the majority of teams working in the U.S. eCommerce organization. “Saying goodbye to friends and co-workers isn’t easy and decisions like these are never made lightly. This is a tough time for those affected and it’s important to know that they are being treated with the utmost respect and care,” Lore noted in the email. “As difficult as this decision is, I know it’s the right one. We have a clear strategy. We’ve structured the team for speed and simplicity. We’re building an organization with the right talent and experience. We’ve created an environment where the best minds across our many locations can team up and drive great ideas forward. And while some roles are going away today, we’ll be investing in our business and adding new skill-sets during the year,” he added. Wal-Mart did not provide any other details about the restructuring effort except to say those displaced in this scale back effort will remain employed by Walmart.com for 60 more days with full benefits and pay including their year-end bonus. If they have not found employment after 60 days they will be given severance packages relevant to the pay and position, the executive said. Wal-Mart continues to work to shift more jobs toward areas that have the greatest ability to impact customer experience and in the digital world that involves everything from increasing the online inventory beyond the 25 million items now offered to the latest tweak to the mobile app or some other iteration that speeds up ordering or better facilitates search. Most analysts applaud Wal-Mart for peeling back the layers on its massive organization and examining it for optimal efficiency. An executive with Wal-Mart recently told Talk Business & Politics this is an ongoing process and the number of positions to be eliminated remains somewhat fluid. Comments comments Previous post Crystal Bridges aims for diversity with first bilingual exhibit, symposium on cultural identity Next post Fayetteville firm Zweig Group promotes Chad Clinehens to president and CEO Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Pakko The Arkansas economy in 2017: Improving trends to continue John Burris 10 rules for legislators Kathy Deck Arkansas economic growth to continue in 2017, but pace could slow Williams Yamkam 5 questions for President Trump and his team Latisha Settlage Arkansas, national economies poised for more growth in 2017 Latest Popular Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies 4 hours ago Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year 5 hours ago U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 9 hours ago Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth 10 hours ago Bentonville/Bella Vista chamber rebrands with new name, logo 13 hours ago The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers 2,835 views Women’s March for Arkansas draws thousands to Little Rock 2,740 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations 2,096 views Top management shifts at Sam’s Club to happen under incoming CEO Furner 2,078 views Brewer’s exit as CEO of Sam’s Club surprised few; likely to have many career options 1,570 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart to cut 200 e-commerce jobs in California By Sarah Nassauer Published: Jan 24, 2017 1:00 p.m. ET Share By SarahNassauer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to lay off about 200 e-commerce employees in its California offices Tuesday, part of a round of job cuts hitting the retailer's corporate offices before the end of January. Marc Lore, the company's new e-commerce chief, said the retail giant is "focused on adding the right talent to our team and making sure we're investing in ways that directly improve our customer experience," according to a memo to staff that was reviewed by the The Wall Street Journal. Tuesday's cuts are intended to shift the retailer's e-commerce staff toward more shopper-facing roles, said spokesman Dan Toporek. For example, Walmart.com sells millions more products than a year ago, requiring more employees that manage those items online, he says. "We don't need as many senior people and there is some aspect that is performance related," said Mr. Toporek. The retailer is investing billions to boost e-commerce sales, including buying Mr. Lore's company Jet.com Inc. for $3.3 billion last year, putting pressure on operating costs broadly across the company. Last week, Morningstar lowered its credit ratings for Wal-Mart to double-A-minus from double-A, citing shrinking profit margins and growing competitive pressure. Mr. Lore, whose Jet.com is run from Hoboken, N.J., has moved quickly to reorganize the retailer's e-commerce operations, which are run out of offices in San Bruno, Calif. Earlier this month, Wal-Mart shuffled its e-commerce and technology leadership ranks, giving several top executives responsibility for both online and in-store operations while announcing others would leave the company. Write to Sarah Nassauer at sarah.nassauer@wsj.com More from MarketWatch First Lady Fashion: 30 Years of Inaugural Ball Gowns Snow Day for Oregon Zoo Animals First Lady Fashion in the Melania Trump Era Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
How Andy Puzder's fast-food industry sticks taxpayers with the cost of supporting its workers Mitch McConnell, Andy Puzder Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. Secretary of Labor nominee Andrew Puzder, right, meets with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Capitol on Jan. 5. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP) Michael HiltzikContact ReporterLos Angeles Times The Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurant franchises headed by Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s Labor secretary nominee, are among the nation’s major employers of low-wage workers. As Puzder faces a confirmation hearing scheduled for Feb. 2, it’s proper to examine how much his industry’s employment practices cost the American taxpayer. It’s a bundle. A 2013 study by the Center for Labor Research and Education at UC Berkeley found that public assistance for front-line fast-food workers costs roughly $7 billion a year. That’s a subset of the $152.8 billion the federal government spends on support for low-wage working families, according to a separate study.  Puzder’s CKE Restaurants, which owns the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s brands, collects a taxpayer-funded subsidy of about $247 million a year, according to an estimate by the National Employment Law Project. That’s what it takes, NELP said, to “offset poverty wages and keep [CKE’s] low-wage front-line workers and their families from economic disaster.” It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers. — Ken Jacobs, UC Berkeley NELP’s figures are approximations because CKE is a private company and stingy with financial information. The group extrapolated from costs of public services identified by the UC Berkeley labor center, especially for the participation of fast-food workers in Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, food stamps, and the earned income tax credit, which carried the greatest burdens of fast-food industry employees. CKE says it doesn’t comment on “employee personal matters” such as enrollment in public programs. The burdens that low-wage employers shift to taxpayers — think of it as socializing their employment expenses — crop up in public from time to time, usually when a big company is caught steering its workers to public health or welfare programs. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees in the state were receiving Medicaid and 12,700 were on food stamps. Wal-Mart topped the list of Ohio employers with employees in both programs. The company turned an operating profit of $22.8 billion that year. Wal-Mart's raise underscores the poor condition of most low-wage workers Michael Hiltzik Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... Before we all jump for joy at Wal-Mart's announcement Thursday that it's raising the pay of 500,000 employees, let's place it in perspective. Wages for Wal-Mart's lowest-paid employees have long been a national scandal. In 2009, Ohio officials disclosed that more than 15,200 Wal-Mart employees... (Michael Hiltzik) The issue isn’t only one worthy of short-term concern. It’s important when weighing Puzder’s qualifications to become secretary of Labor, partially because of his hostility to raises in the minimum wage. He told me in March that he isn’t opposed to any increase at all, but to an increase to $12 or $15 an hour, which he described as “the kind of dramatic increases that are being bandied about in the political process right now.”  In inflation-adjusted terms, the federal minimum wage peaked in 1968. The federal minimum of $1.60 that year would be the equivalent of about $11 now. But the current minimum is just $7.25. There’s evidence, however, that even more modest increases help to cut the need of low-wage workers for assistance from Medicaid and other programs. In a 2014 paper, UC Berkeley labor economist Michael Reich and Rachel West of the Center for American Progress asserted that increasing the minimum wage by 10% would reduce spending on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — SNAP, or food stamps — by about 1.9%. They reckoned that the proposal then advanced in Congress by Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) and Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) to raise the federal minimum wage to $10.10 per hour would reduce SNAP costs by about $4.6 billion a year.  Some effects of wage rates at Carl’s Jr. and Hardees restaurants are obscured because the vast majority of their workers aren’t technically CKE employees — they work for independent franchisees, who operate 94% of the restaurants, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that the company is “unable to disclose franchise employment numbers at this time.” This arrangement has come under fire from federal regulators, including those at the Labor Department Puzder has been nominated to lead. The regulators have been pushing to have the big parent corporations designated “joint employers” of the workers, which would force them to take more responsibility for wages, hours and working conditions. Puzder has been a leader of the opposition to this initiative. Puzder’s opposition to a large minimum wage increase is based in part on what may be an anachronistic picture of his own industry’s workforce. The industry depicts the average frontline fast-food worker as a kid entering the workforce for the first time, taking advantage of a low-wage, part-time job to learn good working habits as he or she moves up the ladder to management. Puzder waxed rhapsodic about this process in testimony in January 2015 to the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.   “As CEO, I've watched young men and women enter the labor force in our restaurants for over 14 years,” he said. “I've seen the pride and determination that leads to success in their careers and lives. … There's nothing more fulfilling than seeing new and unskilled employees work their way up to managing a restaurant.” The Berkeley Labor Center painted a different picture of the core fast-food workers, which it defined as someone working 27 weeks a year or more and 10 hours or more per week. Only about one in five of those workers are under the age of 19 and living with a parent; a much larger share, 26% have children of their own. “Overall, 68% of the core front-line workers in the fast-food industry are not in school and are single or married adults with or without children,” the Berkeley researchers found. “For more than two-thirds of these workers, fast-food wages are an essential component of family income.” That places them squarely in the target population of federal assistance programs, especially Medicaid, food stamps and the earned income tax credit. More than half of the families of frontline fast-food workers are enrolled in one or more public assistance programs, Berkeley says, compared to 25% of the general workforce. Some economists question whether it’s fair to say that that these programs are boons for low-wage employers. Gary Burtless of the Brooking Institution, for example, argued in 2015 that it’s “flatly wrong” to call them “a handout to Walmart, McDonalds, and other low-wage employers.” Because these programs reduce the number of adults “willing to work for low pay and lousy benefits,” they force employers to pay higher wages to get workers into such jobs — in other words, they’re a cost, not a subsidy. Burtless distinguished programs available only to working individuals, such as the earned  income tax credit and child care subsidies for low-earning parents. These, he said, can force wages downward because they encourage low-wage workers to remain in the workforce But Ken Jacobs, head of the Berkeley labor center and an author of its minimum wage reports, says those arguments are beside the point. “It’s clearly the case that firms that don’t pay their workers enough to get by are shifting those costs to taxpayers.” Given the evidence that public costs come down when employers raise pay, then “if employers paid better wages, we could spend public funds in more efficient ways.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.   UPDATES: 4:32 p.m.: This post has been updated with comments from a CKE spokesperson. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Andy Puzder Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Medicaid George Miller III McDonald's Tom Harkin Low-wage earners and far-right skeptics united in criticism of Andrew Puzder for Labor secretary Two good Trump Cabinet choices Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 54°
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Apps Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally Browse more... payments Payments startup Dwolla raises $6.85M more, debuts Access API Verifone, FIS and Modo are creating a new way for consumers to pay with loyalty points Paytm, India’s top mobile payments firm, gets approval to launch its own digital bank Browse more... Apps Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally Twitter launches “Explore,” a new home for Moments, trends, search and live video Browse more... Mobile Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates Twitter launches “Explore,” a new home for Moments, trends, search and live video Google Maps will now tell you how bad the parking is at your destination Browse more... Target How legacy brands and retailers can keep up with our tech-driven world Hello will begin selling its Sense sleep tracker at Best Buy and Target Target’s savings app Cartwheel now lets you clip real coupons Browse more... Target will launch its own mobile payments system this year Posted Jan 24, 2017 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Ford hires Apple, Nike and Burberry alum to lead global branding efforts Target’s CartWheel application has grown to some 27 million shoppers who have used it over the past three years following its debut to save over $600 million at checkout. Now, the retailer hints it may be adding mobile payments to the app, and potentially its main Target application, as well. The company didn’t confirm which of the two, or if both, would be updated to include mobile payments functionality, only that it was planned for this year. However, it makes sense that Cartwheel would be updated with this feature. The app already offers consumers a barcode they display at checkout to save on their purchases, among other features. It’s basically a modern-day alternative to clipping coupons as users add selected savings to their list, then receive those discounts via the barcode scan. Adding the ability to also transact with a barcode scan seems to follow. The news was first reported by Recode, who spoke with Chief Information and Digital Officer Michael McNamara at the National Retail Federation conference in New York. (Target confirmed the report as accurate.) The retailer said that it would “at least initially” make its mobile payments service available to Target REDcard holders – a comment that doesn’t seem to rule out broadening its scope in the future. This would make Target the third major big box store to launch its own mobile payments system. Walmart introduced its own Walmart Pay at the end of 2015 and Kohl’s more recently debuted Kohl’s Pay, along with its own loyalty and rewards program, into its mobile app. But Target has an advantage in making its mobile payments platform work where others failed – including CurrentC, the payments system a consortium of retailers (including Target and Walmart) once backed. Meanwhile, Target’s CartWheel app is already popular with mainstream consumers, easily maintaining its top 10 status in the App Store’s “Shopping” category, for example. And according to a 2016 report, CartWheel isn’t just a popular download, it keeps people engaged, too. As of early last year, it had a reported 13 million-plus active user base. “CartWheel is Target’s mobile advantage over most other retailers. It gives Target a much larger and more frequent mobile application user base than almost any other retailer,”  Jason Goldberg, SVP of commerce and content at digital marketing agency Razorfish, previously noted. In other words, retailers in general may be fumbling with their mobile initiatives, but Target is something of an outlier in terms of real-world adoption and usage. That being said, REDcard holders only make up a portion of the app’s user base. That would make Target’s foray into mobile payments something that’s more of a perk for cardholders than a feature that would be universally adopted, unless Target chooses to expand this feature to be more inclusive. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Target Founded 1962 Overview Expect the Best. At Target, we have a vision: to become the best: the best culture and brand, the best place for growth and the company with the best reputation. We offer an inclusive, collaborative and energetic work environment that rewards those who perform. We deliver engaging, innovative and on-trend experiences for our team members and our guests. We invest in our team members' futures by developing … Location Minneapolis, MN Categories E-Commerce, Shopping, Retail, Communities Website http://www.target.com Full profile for Target Cartwheel App Description Target savings, mobile style Website http://cartwheel.target.com/ Full profile for Cartwheel App Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report AppDynamics CEO Talks Cisco Acquisition | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes payments Apps Mobile Target Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Snapchat's new user-friendly design VIDEO | 1:08 | Apps Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 7 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 12 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From Mobile Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 3 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates 9 hours ago | Sarah Perez Samsung is reportedly launching the Galaxy S8 on March 29 11 hours ago | Brian Heater President Trump thinks an app with around 10K downloads will help prove millions voted illegally 11 hours ago | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next Ford hires Apple, Nike and Burberry alum to lead global branding efforts Posted Jan 24, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 3 minutes ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 3 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 4 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 5 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 5 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 6 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 7 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 7 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 8 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 8 hours ago by Brian Heater
News Mugshots Obituaries 2017 2016 2015 Trade or Sell More Info Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Contact Us Community Links Events Community Church How To Enter Events Submit Your Event WTSB Listen Now Program Schedule Christian Program Schedule WMPM History Coverage Map Advertise Staff Carl’s Book Contact WTSB Marine Corps League Recognizes Clayton Wal-Mart January 24, 2017 2:00 pm The Johnston County Marine Corps League Carry-On Detachment #1236 has presented a Good Business Award to Wal-Mart of Clayton for continuously and properly displaying the American Flag at their location on Highway 70.  Marines said it reminds all who visit their establishment, “America first, and her undivided Allegiance.” The group made a presentation to Wal-Mart officials last Tuesday. Pictured left to right is Marine Corps League member Bruce Pierce, Assistant Store Manager George Mattocks who is also an Army Veteran, Ken Parker, Adjutant/Paymaster, Assistant Manager Kerry A. Diggs Sr., Timothy Daniel, Commandant and Department Manager Hassan Hinds an Army Veteran. Contributed photo         Johnston County’s #1 Local News Source Email event information to Events@JoCoReport.com General Questions: Email our staff at Info@JoCoReport.com News Related Questions or Issues: Email our News Desk at News@JoCoReport.com Want to advertise with us? Email our sales staff at Advertise@JoCoReport.com ©2016  Lamm Media Group       JoCoReport.com P.O. Box 90 – Smithfield – NC – 27577  
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS January 24, 2017 | 2:21 PM Idahoan admits to brutal murder of gay man as he pleaded for his life January 24, 2017 | 2:21 PM Home » BREAKING NEWS » Idahoan admits to brutal murder of gay man as he pleaded for his life BREAKING NEWS, Violent Crime January 24, 2017 Steven Nelson pulled his car up to the Idaho Walmart that night in April expecting to meet a male escort, a man he had contacted via an ad on the website Backpage. Nelson picked up the bearded, tattooed man named Kelly Schneider and, at his request, drove him to Gotts Point, on the shore of Lake Lowell. Another man met them there. With him, Schneider pushed Nelson to the ground and kicked him at least 30 times with steel-toed boots while Nelson begged for his life, according to court documents. Nelson was choked and stripped of his clothes before they drove away in his car, taking Nelson’s wallet, credit cards and clothing with him. Barefoot and naked, Nelson knocked on the doors of nearby homes, asking residents to call 911. Hours after being transported to a Boise, Idaho, hospital with broken ribs and a bleeding ear, he died of cardiac arrest. In a state court Monday, Schneider pleaded guilty to first-degree murder, saying he intended to rob Nelson but not kill him, the Idaho Statesman reported. He admitted to kicking the man repeatedly and acknowledged that his actions caused Nelson’s death. Afterward, Idaho U.S. attorney Wendy J. Olson announced that Schneider, 23, of Nampa, Idaho, had been indicted on federal hate crime charges by a grand jury for willfully assaulting Nelson because of his sexual orientation. The indictment alleges that Schneider’s actions resulted in the death of his victim. The charge is punishable by up to life in prison, supervised release of not more than five years and a $250,000 fine. He is scheduled to be arraigned this week in U.S. District Court in Boise before Magistrate Ronald Bush. A trial date will be set at the same time. The fatal beating of the openly gay man has been compared by some in the community to the murder of Matthew Shepard, the gay college student from Wyoming whose torture and subsequent death set off a nationwide debate about hate crimes and homophobia and led to the federal Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act. “Folks are grieving the loss of a fellow colleague, as well as facing the reality that our community can be a hostile and sometimes very dangerous place for folks who identify as LGBTQIA,” said Adriane Bang, director of the Gender Equity Center at Boise State University. Prosecutors dropped Schneider’s charges of felony robbery, theft and robbery conspiracy in exchange for his guilty plea on the murder charge. He faces up to life in prison. Prosecutors can recommend a fixed sentence as high as 28 years before parole eligibility, and the defense can ask for as little as 10 years. Deputy Canyon County Prosecutor Chris Boyd said Schneider had lured and beaten other victims “many, many times before.” He called the beating of Nelson “particularly brutal,” the Idaho Statesman reported. Jayson Woods, 28, of Nampa, is accused of helping Schneider as he beat and robbed Nelson of his car, wallet and other possessions. Kevin R. Tracy, 21, of Nampa, and Daniel Henkel, 23, of Wilder, are accused of hiding nearby in case Nelson put up a struggle. Woods’s trial began in District Court on Monday, and Tracy and Henkel are scheduled as witnesses. Tracy is scheduled to go to trial Feb. 6 on first-degree murder, robbery and conspiracy charges. Henkel is set for trial March 6 on the same charges. They have both pleaded not guilty, the Idaho Statesman reported. Investigators identified and arrested Schneider by comparing his tattoos to a photo in the Backpage ad. They found the others with the help of a woman who called the sheriff’s office to say her SUV had been used to drop Schneider off at the Walmart. According to court documents, the woman said Woods held her inside the SUV, drove her around and forced her to perform sex acts with random men for money. In the wake of the news last spring, family and friends mourned Nelson’s death, recounting memories of his distinctive baritone voice, his talent for theater lighting and his love for baking croissants. He was in his late 40s when he finished his bachelor’s degree in public relations at the University of Idaho in 2011. He hoped to work as a development director, possibly one day managing fundraising for a political campaign, the Idaho Statesman reported. (KBOI/Ada County Sheriff’s Office) Nelson was anything but shy, and gave presentations to university classes about his experiences as an openly gay man, according to University of Idaho Professor Becky Tallent. “Somebody brought up Matthew Shepard in class one day,” she said. “Steven said something along the line of, ‘I hope to God we’ve gotten past that kind of violence.'” According to KTVB, Tallent said her friend and former student had previously received homophobic slurs and even a punch, but frequently let cruel comments roll off his back. “As he put it, people are just sometimes so bigoted that there’s nothing you can do to talk to them,” she said. Tallent said she was horrified to hear of the brutal way in which her friend died. “For one human being to do this to another is just beyond the pale, especially as someone as generous as Steven Nelson,” she said. (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Samantha Schmidt - #breaking now Trump promises ‘great rebuilding of the Armed Forces’ while signing executive order at the Pentagon President Donald Trump signed an executive order Friday to launch what he called a “great rebuilding of the Armed… 0 Comments 11926 Views Trump: It’s ‘very early’ to discuss lifting sanctions on Russia WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump said Friday that it is “very early” to discuss lifting sanctions on Russia, suggesting… 0 Comments 7639 Views Trump suspends refugee entry, vows priority for Christians WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump said Friday that Christians will be given priority to come to the United States… 0 Comments 16754 Views With Pence On Hand, March for Life Draws Major Crowd WASHINGTON – Thousands of abortion opponents gathered in cold, blustery weather near the Washington Monument on Friday and heard… 0 Comments 13651 Views Lawsuit alleges Baylor football rape scandal more widespread than reported A federal lawsuit filed Friday alleged that at least 31 football players at Baylor University committed at least 52… 0 Comments 10358 Views Seattle approves safe sites for addicts to inject drugs Officials in Seattle on Friday approved the nation’s first “safe-injection” sites for users of heroin and other illegal drugs,… 0 Comments 21190 Views Mexico digs in and Trump lashes back as border wall standoff deepens MEXICO CITY — White House warnings of a possible punitive trade tariff had Mexican business leaders and politicians digging… 0 Comments 18663 Views LIVE: President Trump Holds Joint Press Conference With UK PM Theresa May 0 Comments 41466 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 172,028 followers #trending Miami-Dade Mayor Complies With Pres. Trump, Effectively Ending ‘Sanctuary City’ Policy comments 1146678 Views SHERIFF: Florida middle school students arrested after plotting Columbine-style mass shooting comments 560017 Views 15 Official Vehicles Stolen From State Dept. comments 516573 Views Ex-gang member ‘executed’ after Obama commutes sentence comments 489291 Views AMBER ALERT: Police Search For Missing Toddler In ‘Grave Danger’ comments 451673 Views ‘Not race. Not gender. Just American’: 3 Trump supporters leave black waitress a $450 tip comments 429511 Views Secret Service Aware Of Video Showing Teacher Shouting Die While Shooting Trump With Water Gun comments 371378 Views White House press secretary says border wall will be funded by 20 percent import tax on Mexican goods comments 368384 Views LEAKED: Draft executive order would begin ‘extreme vetting’ of immigrants, visitors to U.S. comments 324194 Views The Doomsday Clock Just Advanced Again: It’s now 2-and-a-half minutes to ‘midnight.’ comments 279427 Views U.S. Border Patrol Chief Resigns After Only 6 Months on the Job comments 272255 Views A former model starved to death, but not from anorexia comments 243430 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Ice Hockey Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Gymnastics Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Field Hockey Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube channel Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Liverpool man accused of having stolen merchandise from Wal-Marts across state Everingham, Drew_new.jpg Drew T. Everingham (State Police) Print Email Charley Hannagan | channagan@syracuse.com By Charley Hannagan | channagan@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 24, 2017 at 2:11 PM, updated January 24, 2017 at 4:51 PM comments A Liverpool man has been accused of having stolen merchandise taken from various Wal-Mart stores across the state and then selling the goods on social media websites, the New York State Police said. Drew T. Everingham, 21, was charged Friday with 3rd-degree criminal possession of stolen property, a felony, and 5th-degree conspiracy, a misdemeanor, state police in Lysander said.  Everingham, who had been living at the Super 8 Motel in Liverpool, was selling thousands of dollars' worth of merchandise online, state police said. A joint investigation by Camillus Police and State Police led investigators to Everingham. Police found $21,000 worth of merchandise, mostly consisting of  electronics accessories such as micro SD memory cards, phone chargers, phone cases, computer hard drives and headphones, police said. Police also recovered household goods including high-end vacuum cleaners.  Everingham was arraigned in the Town of Clay Court before Judge Brian Lauri, who remanded him to the Onondaga County Justice Center in lieu of $2,500 cash or $2,500 secured bond.    The investigation is continuing and additional charges and arrests will be forthcoming, police said Crime in Central NY Police Blotter Search for arrests by Syracuse and Central New York law enforcement agencies and New York State Police. Map: Onondaga County crimes More Crime & Safety news » More News Topics Weather: Radar, forecast & more Opinion: Editorials, letters & more CNY Obituaries Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Submit letter, commentary Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Discover: Subscribe More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe About Us Contact Subscribe Store Digital Edition Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Pet-food shoppers seek human-food attributes Jan 25, 2017 Clontz to succeed Fey as Kroger Mid-Atlantic president Jan 24, 2017 Vendors skeptical as Walmart changes sourcing roles Jan 24, 2017 Albertsons appoints Iyengar as digital marketing SVP Jan 24, 2017 Top 75: 7 to Watch in 2017 Jan 24, 2017 Featured Albertsons calls off Price Chopper pursuit, sources say Jan 25, 2017 NAMI mobile app offers guide for meat shoppers Jan 25, 2017 Kroger joins list of companies adding jobs Jan 23, 2017 Gallery: Dorothy Lane chefs use the freshest ingredients Jan 23, 2017 Joe Raedle/Staff/Getty Images News Top Retailers>Walmart Vendors skeptical as Walmart changes sourcing roles Memo: Merchants to be ‘more involved’ in supplier business Jon Springer | Jan 24, 2017 A plan to change how Wal-Mart Stores manages its relationship with suppliers is being met with trepidation by some vendors who say they are already weary of cost concessions to the big retailer. Walmart late last week told its grocery suppliers of intentions to change its sourcing structure whereby Walmart merchants and sourcing managers would become more deeply involved in supplier businesses, including their cost negotiations and business relationships, and by spending more time at their farms and factories. In a memo issued to suppliers Friday, the Bentonville, Ark.-based retailer said the changes would “help us cultivate stronger strategic relationships with our valued suppliers, realize faster speed in decision making through improved communication channels, and unlock new innovation to delight our customers.” The structural changes come on the heels of reports that Walmart’s replenishment department was among the areas affected by a round of 1,000 corporate layoffs expected to be complete by the end of the fiscal year Jan 31. Walmart’s memo to suppliers did not include mention of job cuts but said it would be “redefining specific roles and responsibilities” within its merchant, sourcing, and replenishment teams in coming weeks. Walmart has been looking to lower internal costs as it digests a $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com, and offsets expenses to improve store conditions, pay higher employee salaries, fund e-commerce investments, and offer lower shelf prices in stores. Officials have previously identified sourcing as an area of opportunity to generate investment in price. Around 200 replenishment jobs were being cut, according to a local report, which said they were related to implementation of a more efficient order management system. “Our objective is to simplify the way we work and to allow Merchants, Sourcing Managers, and Replenishment associates more time to do what they do best — support our customers’ needs. As such, we are adding Merchants and Merchandise support teams in Bentonville,” the memo said. “Your Merchants will be more involved in managing supplier relationships including supplier business assignments, cost negotiations, and longer-term strategic initiatives. Sourcing Managers will be more involved in collecting and evaluating agro-intelligence, and will spend more time at farms and facilities engaging key players in your organization.” Walmart said it would communicate further with vendors in coming weeks “to provide more details related to the changes and the roles your teams will play in adopting these new ways of working.” One supplier contacted by SN, who asked not to be identified, interpreted the message with a sense of caution, saying it could put additional strain on relationships already tested by Walmart’s demands for cost concessions and relatively slow sales growth. “For this to work it will take trust, and I believe all suppliers felt leveraged by Walmart after term negotiations. Relationships are about as strained as they have been since the Fleming era,” the source said, referring to John Fleming, Walmart’s chief merchant from 2007-2010 when the retailer’s since-abandoned “Project Impact” initiative introduced radical changes and dropped brands. In general terms, the source said, suppliers are also worried about what they perceive to be growing support for private label at the expense of brands, and slow sales growth at Walmart. “Improved communication and decision speed are minor issues compared to these,” the source said.   Another supplier agreed with Walmart that the change would reduce complexity and improve efficiency, expressing frustration with uninformed “finance guys” negotiating prices. “That said, I suspect suppliers will feel like this new structure is mainly designed to get a better cost of goods and the buyer has the most leverage to make that happen,” the source added. “Suppliers will feel they are not getting credit for recent concessions and that growth in their business at Walmart has been tepid.” TAGS: Retail & Financial 3 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Rollin’ Grocer visits underserved communitiesJan 05, 2017 Disruptors 2016: Betsy Babcock, Handsome Brook FarmDec 06, 2016 Gallery: Loblaw’s 5 food trends for 2017Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Food wasteDec 06, 2016 Load More About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Tedeschi Trucks Band, The Wood Brothers, and Hot Tuna coming to the AMP July 25 By Dustin Bartholomew ·   January 24, 2017  Tedeschi Trucks Band / Courtesy It’s officially summer concert announcement season. The Walmart AMP has been rolling them out with regularity lately, and the latest came on Monday with the news that Tedeschi Trucks Band will headline a show this summer along with friends and collaborators The Wood Brothers and Hot Tuna on Tuesday, July 25. The Wood Brothers / Courtesy Tedeschi Trucks Band is a 12-piece band led by husband and wife duo Derek Trucks and Susan Tedeschi. The band formed in 2010, and since then averages about 200 shows a year on the road. Their last three albums have all charted in the top 15 of the Billboard 200, and their 2016 release Let Me Get By was called “one of the great records of the year” by the Associated Press. The Wood Brothers have become regulars in Fayetteville in recent years, headlining shows at George’s, as well as the Fayetteville Roots Festival, and last year’s Homegrown Music Festival on the Mulberry Mountain. In addition to their show at the AMP with Tedeschi Trucks band this year, they’re also set to be one of the headliners of the 2017 Fayetteville Roots Festival. The Wood Brothers and Tedeschi Trucks Band have worked together quite a bit over the years. Oliver Wood from the band co-wrote the track Ball and Chain from Tedeschi Trucks Band’s 2011 album Revelator, and Tedeschi and Trucks both make a guest appearance on the Wood Brothers 2015 album, Paradise. Hot Tuna, a well-loved act in their own right, is also on the bill. The band features Jorma Kaukonen and Jack Casady, former members of Jefferson Airplane. Tickets to the show start at $31, and go on sale at noon on Friday, Jan. 27. To purchase, call the box office at the Walton Arts center at 479-443-5600, or visit amptickets.com.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Daily News Updates Sign up for a simple once-a-day email with headlines and excerpts to all of the previous day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click here to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2016 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart ROIC Far From Generating Outperformance Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 24, 2017 9:29am   Comments Share: Related WMT Dow 10K's Hottest Stocks: Where Are They Now? Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 25, 2017 Trump Tax Fears: Wal-Mart, Target, Macy's Hit New Lows (Investor's Business Daily) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) would need to improve its return on invested capital significantly to become “a multiyear outperformer,” Argus’s Chris Graja said in a report. He maintains a Hold rating on the company. In 3Q17, Wal-Mart’s trailing 12-month return on investment declined by 900 basis points to 15 percent. The company’s adjusted operating income was down 4.6 percent, and average invested capital actually fell 0.9 percent, Graja mentioned. He added, “We will be looking for continued capital discipline.” Comparing The Performance Over the past five years, the S&P 500 generated an annualized return of 14.6 percent. With an annualized return of 5.7 percent, Wal-Mart had underperformed. Comparatively, Home Depot Inc (NYSE: HD) had recorded an annualized return of almost 29 percent, nearly double the return of the index, Graja noted. What Wal-Mart Would Need To Do Wal-Mart’s stock would outperform if the company can “consistently boost ROIC,” the analyst stated. He added that to achieve this, Wal-Mart would need to “grow income faster than sales and sales faster than its capital base.” It was not enough to “simply boost earnings by opening more mildly profitable stores or to boost comp sales by stuffing stores with more inventory.” Graja raised the EPS estimate for FY 2017 from $4.40 to $4.45 to reflect the Q3 beat. Image Credit: By Atlawrence881 - Own work, CC BY-SA 4.0, via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for WMT Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Wells Fargo Initiates Coverage On Market Perform Jan 2017 Stifel Nicolaus Reinstates Hold Oct 2016 PiperJaffray Initiates Coverage On Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for WMT View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Argus Chris GrajaAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (HD + WMT) Dow 10K's Hottest Stocks: Where Are They Now? The Dow's Often-Forgotten, Overlooked Champion: Home Depot Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 25, 2017 Wal-Mart Looking To Drive Innovation With New Car Sales Program, CarSaver.com Partnership Winners And Losers If The Walgreens-Rite Aid Merger Is Blocked All The Retailers That Could Feel The Effects Of The GOP's Tax Efforts View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 PKX, XLNX: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 MSFT, OCN: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 ARIA, TKPYY: Takeda's Speculative Interest In Synergy Sooth... 4 CCJ, UUUU: The Potential 'Rip Your Face Off'... 5 QCOM, LUV: 15 Stocks To Watch For January 26... 6 FMCC, FNMA: Pershing Square: A Refo... 7 DLGNF, AAPL: Exclusive: E... 1 NYT, MNI: Has Trump's Negativity On The Media Impacted Those Stocks? 2 GM: GM Comments On Relationship With Canadian Labor Union After Layoffs An... 3 SPY, EWW: Trump's 20% Border Tax Could Be A Tactic Referenced In &#... 4 VMW: VMware Looks Strong In Q4 Print; Investors Look For Next Ca... 5 BABA, GRPN: Here's What Alibaba's Recent Acquisitio... 6 Soybean Futures Little Changed 7 Stock Index Futures Edge Down View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Expect A Strong Quarter Out Of ServiceNow 15 Changes To Expect Under The Trump Administration
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Super Bowl LI Here are the advertisers gearing up for game day Hey Alexa... Sales of Amazon Echo skyrocket in Q4, analysts say Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Social Media Marketing Kick off each Monday with the best news and ideas in social media. SUBSCRIBE Trump’s tweets dampen social sentiment toward brands, even when they’re nice When @realDonaldTrump mentions a brand, positive social media sentiment around that brand declines, according to an analysis by 4C. Tim Peterson on January 24, 2017 at 9:30 am More “Donald Trump by Gage Skidmore 3” by Gage Skidmore. Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 via Commons. When President Donald Trump calls out a brand in a tweet — whether he’s heralding or haranguing the brand — positive social media sentiment around that brand goes down, according to an analysis by data analytics firm 4C. 4C looked at social data surrounding six brands that Trump had mentioned on Twitter since being elected — General Motors, Walmart, Toyota, L.L. Bean, Ford and Boeing. For each brand, the company measured the sentiment of the posts people published or interacted with on Facebook and Twitter that either mentioned the brand’s official accounts or used hashtags and keywords related to the brand. To gauge the impact, 4C compared the sentiment around each brand three days before @realDonaldTrump made the mention and the sentiment three days after the call-out. While the sentiments Trump shared were sometimes positive and sometimes negative, people’s reactions to Trump sharing his sentiments appear to have been only a negative for the brands. That may have to with Trump’s tweets drawing more attention to the brand. In each case, the mention elicited an increase in the number of posts and engagements with posts on Facebook and Twitter that invoked the brand. In the case of Ford, L.L. Bean and Walmart, Trump had nice things to say about the brand, yet sentiment dropped from what it had been before the name-drop. Boeing and Toyota each caught flak from the then-president-elect and then caught an L in social media sentiment. And for GM, it didn’t matter whether Trump was commending or criticizing the auto maker; each time, it cut into how positive people were when posting about the brand. About The Author Tim Peterson Tim Peterson, Third Door Media's Social Media Reporter, has been covering the digital marketing industry since 2011. He has reported for Advertising Age, Adweek and Direct Marketing News. A born-and-raised Angeleno who graduated from New York University, he currently lives in Los Angeles. He has broken stories on Snapchat's ad plans, Hulu founding CEO Jason Kilar's attempt to take on YouTube and the assemblage of Amazon's ad-tech stack; analyzed YouTube's programming strategy, Facebook's ad-tech ambitions and ad blocking's rise; and documented digital video's biggest annual event VidCon, BuzzFeed's branded video production process and Snapchat Discover's ad load six months after launch. He has also developed tools to monitor brands' early adoption of live-streaming apps, compare Yahoo's and Google's search designs and examine the NFL's YouTube and Facebook video strategies. Related Topics Channel: Social Media MarketingFacebookMarketing Land on InstagramSocial Media MarketingSocial Media Marketing: HashtagsTwitter Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Data for Retailers The Ultimate App Personalization Playbook I have 50,000+ email subscribers…now what? The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Business Directory Your Health Classifieds Obituaries eEdition Public Notices Advertising Subscriptions Sign in 32° Fair Friday January 27, 2017 Payson Roundup | Payson, AZ Jump to content News Today's news Local Business Arts & Entertainment Education Births Couples Obituaries Payson Town Hall Star Valley Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Submit your letter Guest Comment Our View Submit Story idea Photo Engagement Wedding Anniversary Obituaries Birth Letter to the Editor Press release Roundup Blog Social Media Tourism Events Today's events Town of Payson Event Calendar Submit an event Almanac Photos/Videos Buy photos Photos Galleries Videos Archive Videos Audio Documents Outdoors ADVERTISEMENT Winter Storm Knocks Power Out To Thousands A charter bus headed to the Tonto Christian Camp to pick up campers slid off the dirt road and into a ditch, blocking APS crews from making a repair to a power line. A tractor from the camp eventually pulled the bus out of the way. By Alexis Bechman As of Monday, January 23, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Advertisement It was a dark and chilly day for many Payson and Rim Country residents coping with a power outage in the midst of a winter storm that in some areas lasted more than 24 hours as crews scrambled to get power restored before another storm hit the area. The lights flickered and then went out across much of the area Friday night when the storm dumped several inches of snow, weighing power lines and tree limbs down, which buckled under the strain and snapped. A substation northwest of Payson High School went out when a switch failed, bringing darkness to the north side of town. In all, some 10,000-plus residents were without power at some point, according to the APS phone app, which listed where outages were occurring and when crews estimated they could get power restored. Many residents had power back by Saturday morning, but many more spent the day and then another night in the dark. Around town, businesses Saturday were either closed or packed. Walmart and Bashas’ were shut down, but Safeway was open. Many of the businesses north of State Route 260 were shuttered, while those south enjoyed a surge in business. Gerardo’s Firewood Cafe, which was without power, opened its doors anyway. A handful of diners arrived for lunch and sat at candlelight tables while chefs cooked in the restaurant’s wood oven. Because there was no power in the kitchen, chefs held flashlights to prep. Owner Gerardo Moceri said they thought APS would have power restored by dinner service, but when it did not come back, they closed down, putting food in coolers. “Needless to say, our busiest day of the week was a disaster,” he said. “No fun at all and lost a lot of money.” Instead, they decided to open a bottle of wine and just relax for “as the Italians say, ‘A day without a glass of good wine is like a day without sunshine,’ so at least we had our wine.” While Walmart was closed, further north down the Beeline Highway, Home Depot was running off generators. They had warm drinks for shoppers at the front door and many people were able to buy generators. Photo by Pete Aleshire The ice cream freezer at Circle K north was empty Sunday after a power outage Saturday. Many businesses were forced to throw away perishables, including the north Circle K, which had three empty fridges Sunday. APS offered to reimburse residents for up to 40 pounds of bagged ice or 20 pounds of dry ice they had to buy to save perishables. On social media, many people commented they were doing OK, despite the lack of power. Most said they bedded down in front of a fireplace with plenty of blankets. “(I) wrapped up in a blanket and read, knitted and heated water on the grill for coffee and hot cocoa. Life is good. I’m originally from northern MN, we’re tough!” wrote one woman on the Roundup’s Facebook page. Another woman said she drove around in her vehicle to stay warm and went to Safeway and Culver’s for food and to charge her phone. Any senior citizens she saw she told about the warming stations at the high school and in Pine. Another woman said she kept occupied by reading and another said they broke out the board games. At Green Valley Park, the three inches of snow that fell on Payson overnight quickly turned to mush. Sledders didn’t seem to mind though and made muddy, icy snowmen and took turns down the hill anyway. With so many people without power, Gila County Emergency Management along with The American Red Cross opened a shelter/warming station at the Payson High School dome and the Pine Community Center Saturday afternoon. The two shelters were combined at PHS and overnight Saturday, 11 people stayed in the dome. By Sunday morning, power was restored to most of the area, although there were five smaller outages still impacting communities outside of Payson. Gary Morris/Pine-Strawberry Fire District The ice cream freezer at Circle K north was empty Sunday after a power outage Saturday. On the streets, crews were ready for the storm and got the streets quickly plowed. The town had nine snowplows out and the county had seven to clear the roads. APS scrambled to get power resorted and had to bring extra crews up from the Valley. From Star Valley, to Young, Blue Ridge, Pine-Strawberry to central Payson, it seemed no area escaped at least one outage. The storm continued for much of the day, making the task of locating and repairing lines difficult. Bus blocks APS crews Off the fish hatchery road, APS crews were blocked from making a repair thanks to a large charter bus that crashed. The bus was on its way to the Tonto Christian Camp to pick up campers that were slated to leave Saturday. There were about 170 kids waiting at the camp to be picked up, said Sgt. Dennis Newman with the Gila County Sheriff’s Office. One charter bus made it to the camp, but the second was not so lucky. After turning off the fish hatchery road, the bus was trying to maneuver a tight turn when it slid into a ditch. “How the first bus made it through there I don’t know,” Newman said. With the bus blocking passage, APS crews were not able to get to a line and make a repair. A tractor from the Christian camp was used to pull the bus out of the ditch. The third charter bus was told to wait near State Route 260 and not attempt to come up the road, he said. The children were then safely shuttled out of the camp and on their way home. Gary Morris/P-S Fire The snow fell heavy in Strawberry Saturday, with more than foot in many areas. Before the storm hit, in Pine-Strawberry, the fire department coordinated with Tonto Rim Search and Rescue and the Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) to have snow cats available if fire trucks or ambulances were not able to reach residents due to the snow. Luckily, the firefighters did not have to use them, said P-S Fire Chief Gary Morris. In Payson, the fire department saw a swell in calls between midnight Friday and noon Saturday. One of the first emergencies was getting oxygen to those that needed it since their oxygen machines were no longer producing with the power out. Fire Chief David Staub said they coordinated with officials and got oxygen to residents that needed it. They also responded to a number of fall injuries for people that slipped on the ice. There were no major injuries from those. A tree caught fire in the Beaver Valley area when it made contact with a power line. Crews were able to snuff it before it spread. By Sunday afternoon, the shelter in Payson was closed, but crews were standing by and ready to reopen should the storm Monday knock power out again, said Todd Whitney, with Gila County emergency management. More like this story Crews worked countless hours to restore power APS ranks Rim Country storm as one of the worst APS not straightforward about power outages Transformer, downed lines produce blackout in Rim Country Fire knocks out power in Tonto Basin Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Latest Photos More photos Advertisement Payson Roundup News archives / About / Advertising / Feedback / Contact / Terms of use policy / Staff Submit Story idea / Photo / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Payson Roundup. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments100+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Morning Mix Idahoan admits to brutal murder of gay man as he pleaded for his life. Now faces hate charge. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Samantha Schmidt By Samantha Schmidt January 24 Steven Nelson, 49, was attacked and beaten on April 30 and died of his injuries. (Boise State University) Steven Nelson pulled his car up to the Idaho Walmart that night in April expecting to meet a male escort, a man he had contacted via an ad on the website Backpage. Nelson picked up the bearded, tattooed man named Kelly Schneider and, at his request, drove him to Gotts Point, on the shore of Lake Lowell. Another man met them there. With him, Schneider pushed Nelson to the ground and kicked him at least 30 times with steel-toed boots while Nelson begged for his life, according to court documents. Nelson was choked and stripped of his clothes before they drove away in his car, taking Nelson’s wallet, credit cards and clothing with him. Barefoot and naked, Nelson knocked on the doors of nearby homes, asking residents to call 911. Hours after being transported to a Boise, Idaho, hospital with broken ribs and a bleeding ear, he died of cardiac arrest. In a state court Monday, Schneider pleaded guilty to first-degree murder, saying he intended to rob Nelson but not kill him, the Idaho Statesman reported. He admitted to kicking the man repeatedly and acknowledged that his actions caused Nelson’s death. Afterward, Idaho U.S. attorney Wendy J. Olson announced that Schneider, 23, of Nampa, Idaho, had been indicted on federal hate crime charges by a grand jury for willfully assaulting Nelson because of his sexual orientation. The indictment alleges that Schneider’s actions resulted in the death of his victim. The charge is punishable by up to life in prison, supervised release of not more than five years and a $250,000 fine. He is scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Boise before Magistrate Ronald Bush. A trial date will be set at the same time. The fatal beating of the openly gay man has been compared by some in the community to the murder of Matthew Shepard, the gay college student from Wyoming whose torture and subsequent death set off a nationwide debate about hate crimes and homophobia and led to the federal Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act. “Folks are grieving the loss of a fellow colleague, as well as facing the reality that our community can be a hostile and sometimes very dangerous place for folks who identify as LGBTQIA,” said Adriane Bang, director of the Gender Equity Center at Boise State University. [The town where Matthew Shepard was killed is the first in Wyoming to pass an LGBT anti-discrimination measure] Prosecutors dropped Schneider’s charges of felony robbery, theft and robbery conspiracy in exchange for his guilty plea on the murder charge. He faces up to life in prison when sentenced March 20. Prosecutors can recommend a fixed sentence as high as 28 years before parole eligibility, and the defense can ask for as little as 10 years. Deputy Canyon County Prosecutor Chris Boyd said Schneider had lured and beaten other victims “many, many times before.” He called the beating of Nelson “particularly brutal,” the Idaho Statesman reported. Mug shot of Kelly Schneider. Courtesy of Canyon County Sheriff’s Office Jayson Woods, 28, of Nampa, is accused of helping Schneider as he beat and robbed Nelson of his car, wallet and other possessions. Kevin R. Tracy, 21, of Nampa, and Daniel Henkel, 23, of Wilder, are accused of hiding nearby in case Nelson put up a struggle. Woods’s trial began in District Court on Monday, and Tracy and Henkel are scheduled as witnesses. Tracy is scheduled to go to trial Feb. 6 on first-degree murder, robbery and conspiracy charges. Henkel is set for trial March 6 on the same charges. They have both pleaded not guilty, the Idaho Statesman reported. Investigators identified and arrested Schneider by comparing his tattoos to a photo in the Backpage ad. They found the others with the help of a woman who called the sheriff’s office to say her SUV had been used to drop Schneider off at the Walmart. According to court documents, the woman said Woods held her inside the SUV, drove her around and forced her to perform sex acts with random men for money. In the wake of the news last spring, family and friends mourned Nelson’s death, recounting memories of his distinctive baritone voice, his talent for theater lighting and his love for baking croissants. He was in his late 40s when he finished his bachelor’s degree in public relations at the University of Idaho in 2011. He hoped to work as a development director, possibly one day managing fundraising for a political campaign, the Idaho Statesman reported. Nelson was anything but shy, and gave presentations to university classes about his experiences as an openly gay man, according to University of Idaho Professor Becky Tallent. “Somebody brought up Matthew Shepard in class one day,” she said. “Steven said something along the line of, ‘I hope to God we’ve gotten past that kind of violence.’” According to KTVB, Tallent said her friend and former student had previously received homophobic slurs and even a punch, but frequently let cruel comments roll off his back. “As he put it, people are just sometimes so bigoted that there’s nothing you can do to talk to them,” she said. Tallent said she was horrified to hear of the brutal way in which her friend died. “For one human being to do this to another is just beyond the pale, especially as someone as generous as Steven Nelson,” she said. national morning-mix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national morning-mix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 100+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Samantha Schmidt is a reporter for The Washington Post's Morning Mix team. She previously worked as a reporting fellow for the New York Times. 158 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 ‘We have a fire in the cockpit!’ The Apollo 1 disaster 50 years later. 2 The history of the Doomsday Clock as it moves closer to ‘midnight’ 3 The nation’s top scientists can’t get through to Trump — and they’re alarmed 4 Scientists create a part-human, part-pig embryo — raising the possibility of interspecies organ transplants 5 ‘What not to do': Fla. fisherman who hauled in $500,000 worth of cocaine faces life in prison Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game national morning-mix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Tracy Morgan reportedly must turn over tax records in crash settlement fight Print Email Jeff Goldman | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Jeff Goldman | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 24, 2017 at 7:54 AM, updated January 24, 2017 at 8:05 AM comments Walmart's insurance company is reportedly fighting the settlement the retail giant agreed to pay Tracy Morgan as a result of a 2014 crash on the New Jersey Turnpike that seriously injured the comedian and killed another man. Morgan has 20 days to provide Ohio Casualty Insurance Company and Liberty Insurance Underwriters with financial documents following a New Jersey judge's ruling on Thursday, according to NYDailyNews.com. The insurance company argues Walmart's settlement was too generous and that Morgan's future earnings weren't compromised as much as he claimed. Financial terms of the settlement have not been publicly disclosed. The settlement with Morgan and Ardie Fuqua, who was also injured in the crash, might be around $90 million, NYDailyNews.com said. In a 2015 interview, fellow comedian Damon Wayans also threw out the $90 million figure. The insurance company wants Morgan's tax returns from 2009 to 2014 and details on how much Morgan earned in appearances after the crash. Morgan reached the settlement with Walmart in May 2015. That same year, he paid $13.9 million for a mansion in Alpine. The July 7, 2014 crash on the Turnpike in Cranbury killed James McNair and injured Morgan and Fuqua. The three were riding in a limo bus following a show in Delaware when it was involved in a six-vehicle crash. Walmart paid out $10 million to McNair's two children. Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffSGoldman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.    Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home All News (By date) Featured News eBay News Cheap Listing Days eBay Feedback eBay Seller Release eBay Site Changes Top Rated Seller Selling Fees SNAFU Amazon News Fulfilment by Amazon Checkout By Amazon Amazon Webstore Amazon Lockers Payments News Finance Payments PayPal Ecommerce News Mobile Deliveries Couriers Royal Mail HMRC & Tax Cross Border Trade Small Business News Incentives Events Meetups Google News Rakuten Play.com News Weird and Wacky Stuff About Contact Tamebay Comments Policy About Chris Dawson About Dan Wilson Remembering Sue Bailey Advertise on Tamebay Tamebay Media Pack Guest Post Policy Tools & Services Guide Download The Tamebay Guide Marketplaces Multichannel Marketplace Tools Analytics Shipping Fulfilment Packaging Product Sourcing Finance Payments Customer Support Outsourcing Online Stores Images & Design Marketing Buying Tools eBay Tools eBay Bargains Search eBay Best Offers eBay Exact Search eBay Feedback Checker eBay Local Search eBay Mis-Spelt Search eBay Most Popular Items eBay Not In Title Search eBay Price Finder eBay Seller History Tamebay Events Tamebay TV Channel Featured Contact Us eBooks Meet the Company: Tophatter Tophatter is a relatively new marketplace which appears to be gathering some traction. Today we ask Malcolm Scovil, Head of Business Development at Tophatter, to tell us more about the opportunity and how sellers can sign up. To be honest, when I heard it was an auction based marketplace I was a little sceptical – aren’t auctions a bit 1999 and buyers prefer fixed price immediate purchases today? However the thing Tophatter has going for it is mobile, once you’ve got the app installed and a constant fast moving stream of products instantly available to bid on it’s easy to get a little carried away and start spending. Of course my initial impressions don’t really matter, what counts is can you shift product at scale on Tophatter and will you make margins which are profitable? These are questions we put to Malcolm and he had some interesting answers to share: What is Tophatter? Tophatter.com is the world’s fastest, most entertaining marketplace for mobile shoppers. This week, we’re announcing our launch to the UK online seller community. Over 10 million shoppers around the world discover deals on jewelry, accessories, electronics, beauty, home and other impulse items. Tophatter started 5 years ago in Palo Alto, California. The founders wanted to make shopping more fun and game-like. They created a new buying format around 90 second auctions. Imagine an eBay auction, but just the last two minutes where all the action happens. Can you share some statistics about your business? Tophatter is 5 years old 80 employees Industry-leading 80% sell through rate Average selling price £10 – £40 (up to £100+ for branded items) 500,000 items sold each week 75,000 unique shoppers per day 10 million shoppers 90% of shoppers are women aged 18-65 Over 300,000 new shoppers each month Top seller generates $10 million + per year on Tophatter App available on iOS and Android in US, UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa. France, Germany, Spain launching soon. What makes Tophatter exciting for UK eBay and Amazon sellers? Tophatter is now a major mobile shopping platform alongside Amazon, eBay, Sears, Walmart and other leading marketplaces. If you’re a professional online seller, there are several reasons to sell on Tophatter. Guaranteed exposure for your products. Every item is featured on the front of the mobile app and website. Move inventory quickly with 80%+ sell through rate. In an age when eBay and other platforms are moving away from auctions, Tophatter re-invented the auction to be faster and mobile optimised for the modern-day shopper. Seller-Focused. We call our sellers ‘Partners’. Our team aims to understand your business goals, help you get started, and sell 500-5,000 items per week. Get started fast. Tools to boost performance, insights to track best-selling products and an Account Manager you can actually speak with on the phone. Only pay when you sell. There are no ongoing monthly fees or listing fees. Alpha Jewelry on Tophatter Alpha Jewelry is a fast-growing jewelry business based on the East Coast of the USA. They sell fashion jewelry on multiple ecommerce marketplaces. They came to Tophatter looking for a new channel to grow sales. In their first full month they sold 500 items. They then added 200 top performing products and scaled within three months to selling over 7,000 products per month. Within six months, they are on track to sell 20,000 items per month.   What makes Tophatter exciting for UK shoppers? Tophatter is a marketplace for shoppers that enjoy game-like, impulse buying. It’s very different to Amazon and eBay. The 90 second auction format means sellers experience the thrill of winning (or losing) in under two minutes. This adrenaline and instant gratification is unique to Tophatter. The most common word we see in shopper reviews is that Tophatter is ‘addictive’. Here is an example: “Addictive!! I found this site to be very efficient and hassle free. It has become a daily habit for me to visit this site at least 10 times a day. Love it!! – Opal M, January 2017 How does selling on Tophatter work? Similar to eBay, sellers list and ship their own items. Sellers simply add their inventory (manually, via CSV, API, ChannelAdvisor, etc) and start seeing sales within a few hours. There are no fees to list or start selling. You only pay when an item sells. How much volume can sellers expect to sell per week? Most new sellers start by adding a few products to test out the platform. Once you’ve added your first 50-100 SKUs sellers see volume growing significantly. New sellers sell 100-1,000 items each week within their first 1-2 months. Top Sellers grow to sell 5,000-10,000+ items per week. What products sell best on Tophatter? Top categories are Jewelry, Apparel, Electronics, Home, Accessories, and other impulse items. Women come to Tophatter to find deals and gifts for themselves and their friends and family. They also shop at Walmart/Asda, QVC, Home Shopping Network, and similar stores. Items in the impulse price range sell best: from £10 – £40. Top SKUs are bracelets, rings, handbags, drones, smart watches, footwear, and similar items. What is the profile of a typical seller on Tophatter? Tophatter sellers are experienced ecommerce sellers and sell on Amazon, eBay, Groupon, and similar marketplaces. Most of them are actively looking for new marketplaces and channels to grow their business. They understand the power of being on a marketplace early. Mid-sized and large sellers receive 500 to 10,000 orders from Tophatter each week. Top Sellers generate millions dollars per year on Tophatter. Increasingly, larger businesses and brands are selling on Tophatter to move impulse items or products for liquidation. How do your selling prices compare to other marketplaces? As a seller on Tophatter, the key metric is Average Selling Price (ASP). Some items sell for more than other marketplaces. Some items sell for less. To get the highest ASP, the key is to set starting prices low so several bidders compete to win your products. What are the mistakes to avoid as a new seller on Tophatter? Hundreds of new sellers joining Tophatter each month. There are 3 common pitfalls we see some new sellers make. 1. Setting starting prices too high Low starting prices drive more bidders. That means a higher average selling price for sellers. 2. Adding a small number of products We recommend that all new sellers add at least 100 products when they start selling. This gives our system enough data to determine what’s selling best so we can sell that item more. It’s easy to add them via CSV. 3. Not leveraging your Account Manager Account Managers help sellers ramp quickly, identify successful products, and give advice on how to scale their account. The Tophatter Seller Hub is also a helpful tool for new sellers. Why are RRPs on your site so high, often in $100s compared to selling prices in low $10s. Is this misleading buyers? As a young marketplace, we are constantly trying to patrol exploitations. RRPs are a bit tricky as they do not apply to everything, they can change, or differ by channel. We have adopted the policy to allow sellers to enter RRPs, but if this is abused it will very likely have a negative result for the seller. After the sale, we do the following to ensure a positive experience moving forward: Offer easy returns If the product is not what the customer was expecting they will receive a refund no questions asked. Throttle undesirable products Inflated RRPs will lead to lower product ratings and reduce the number of times items get scheduled in auctions. How does a consumer know the shipping cost up front (e.g. from a Chinese seller to a UK buyer)? Sellers set shipping prices for each region where they ship. Shoppers see the shipping cost to them (based on their location) marked on the item listing when they are bidding. Where are your sellers mainly based (USA/China/UK/Other)? Most of our sellers are in the in the US. Asia was our second major market that opened last year and is growing well. Now we’re launching to sellers in the UK and Europe as our third major market. The Tophatter app is live for shoppers in the US, UK, Australia, and the UK. It will soon be available in France, Germany, and Spain. As a seller, you only have to list items once and they appear for buyers in all countries where you choose to sell. What is the proposition for sellers (fees etc)? Sellers can simple sign up and get started. There are no ongoing monthly fees or listing fees. Sellers pay an average of £3.00 to £4.00 each time an item sells in an auction and a flat 10% each time an item sells in a Buy Now. This amount is deducted from the payouts sellers receive on the 1st and 16th day of the month. There is a payment processing fee of 2.9% + £0.25 on all transactions. What else would you like to tell Tamebay’s readers? Our approach to launching in Europe is to engage closely with the seller community. We’ll be attending the Spring Fair in February, Internet Retailing Expo in April, and Catalyst Connect in May and look forward to meeting UK and European sellers in person. Please reach out to our lead contact in the UK/Europe for selling, partnership, or press enquiries or to set up a call: malcolm@tophatter.com. To get started selling immediately, email Malcolm at malcolm@tophatter.com or click here Start Selling Further information Contact details email/telephone: Malcolm Scovil, Head of Business Development malcolm@tophatter.com or hello-eu@tophatter.com Location of business: Palo Alto, California / London, UK / Shanghai, China Sign up URL for merchants: https://tophatter.com/sellers/onboarding/start What do other sellers say about working with Tophatter? We gather case studies and tips from Tophatter sellers in the Tophatter Seller Hub. Here are a few responses to the question: “If you were to recommend Tophatter to another business, what would you tell them?”: “The onboarding process is great and I was able to scale my volume very quickly. I especially liked that Tophatter has all the shipping fulfillment information in one place.” Electronics Wholesale is an electronics dealer specialising in tablets and many other newly trending items including Apple, Samsung, Canon, and other popular brands. They have been selling on Tophatter since April 2015. “Just don’t stop. Keep working. Average numbers matter!” Alpha Jewelry is a jewelry retailer who started selling on Tophatter in August 2016. They sell over 10,000 rings, bracelets, and other items each month. “Definitely try Tophatter. We’ve had a positive experience and it’s a site you’ll be able to grow fast.” ienjoy Home® is a family owned and operated bedding and home products business based in Clearwater, Florida. They sell almost exclusively through marketplaces and online channels including: Tophatter, Wayfair, Overstock, eBay, Wish, and Houzz. Previous Post Next Post Share This Post Tags: Marketplaces, Mobile, Tophatter Author: Chris Dawson Posted On: 24/01/2017 Related Posts 110 retailers now have a Mirakl powered marketplace Notonthehighstreet.com Pitch Up events in Richmond and Edinburgh How Alibaba plan to conquer the West Why you should sell (and buy) on Artfinder The EU want to know what you think of Amazon and eBay Recent Posts Tamebay Maintenance: New website launch eBay On-Time Delivery now monitoring Royal Mail Tracked 24 & Tracked 48 parcels How Alibaba plan to conquer the West Why you should sell (and buy) on Artfinder Meet the Company: Tophatter Amazon undercharged for four months and will send new bills for the balance eBay unveil a range of colour palette logos Ted & Bessie: A Truly British Business Show More Get Tamebay via Email Enter your email address * Home About Tools & Services Guide Tamebay Events Tamebay TV Contact Us eBooks eBay Tools Advertise on Tamebay Comments Policy Privacy Policy Archives   Copyright 2006 - 2017 Tamebay Signed By
RedEye Get can't-miss events, buzz on top bars & the hottest restaurants delivered to your inbox News Watchdog Dangerous Doses New plan aims to protect Illinois pharmacy customers from dangerous drug interactions Dangerous Doses: Pharmacies miss half of dangerous drug combinations The Chicago Tribune tested 255 pharmacies to see how often stores would dispense risky drug pairs without warning patients. Fifty-two percent of the tested pharmacies sold the medications without mentioning the potential interaction. (Chicago Tribune) The Chicago Tribune tested 255 pharmacies to see how often stores would dispense risky drug pairs without warning patients. Fifty-two percent of the tested pharmacies sold the medications without mentioning the potential interaction. (Chicago Tribune) Ray Long and Sam RoeContact ReportersChicago Tribune Responding to a Tribune investigation that found drugstores frequently failed to warn customers about potentially dangerous drug interactions, Gov. Bruce Rauner is unveiling a major plan designed to improve public safety at pharmacies throughout the state. The administration's proposal would require pharmacists to counsel patients about risky drug combinations and other significant issues when buying a medication for the first time or when a prescription changes. Illinois law now requires only that patients be offered counseling, a mandate often addressed at the cash register with a brief inquiry, such as: "Any questions for the pharmacist today?" The governor also plans to beef up state oversight, including directing inspectors to put more emphasis on adverse drug reactions and launching a "mystery shopper" program to test how well pharmacists comply with the law. "The Tribune investigation revealed deficiencies in the state's current pharmacy system that put patients at risk," Rauner said in a statement. "Our team conducted an immediate review to find out what pro-active steps state government could take to address those gaps." Pharmacies miss half of dangerous drug combinations Sam Roe, Ray Long and Karisa King The Tribune reporter walked into an Evanston CVS pharmacy carrying two prescriptions: one for a common antibiotic, the other for a popular anti-cholesterol drug. Taken alone, these two drugs, clarithromycin and simvastatin, are relatively safe. But taken together they can cause a severe breakdown... The Tribune reporter walked into an Evanston CVS pharmacy carrying two prescriptions: one for a common antibiotic, the other for a popular anti-cholesterol drug. Taken alone, these two drugs, clarithromycin and simvastatin, are relatively safe. But taken together they can cause a severe breakdown... (Sam Roe, Ray Long and Karisa King) More broadly, Rauner said he wants to seek input from pharmacists and other health care providers on ways to protect patients at a time when many people use multiple prescription drugs obtained through various doctors and pharmacies. The package of initiatives, expected to be announced Tuesday, represents "commonsense changes that we can quickly implement to ensure that pharmacists are able to carry out their important work while protecting the people of Illinois from adverse drug reactions," he said. The Republican governor took action as the leading Illinois House Democrat on health matters is preparing for legislative hearings beginning next month on other contentious issues the Tribune raised, including whether to regulate the hours worked by pharmacists who sometimes handle hundreds of prescriptions a day. The Tribune's investigation, published in December, found that 52 percent of 255 chain and independent pharmacies tested sold potentially dangerous drug pairs to reporters without a warning. Among the seven pharmacy chains tested, CVS had the highest failure rate at 63 percent. Walgreens had the lowest, at 30 percent. Independent pharmacies had the highest failure rate overall, at 72 percent. CVS, Walgreens and Wal-Mart each promised to take significant steps to improve patient safety nationwide. Combined, the actions affect 22,000 drugstores and involve additional training for 123,000 pharmacists and technicians. Wal-Mart had a 43 percent failure rate in the Tribune's tests. Rauner tells agencies to look for solutions on dangerous drug interactions Ray Long and Sam Roe Gov. Bruce Rauner has ordered state agencies to examine how to bolster accountability at drugstores and protect the public's health following a Tribune investigation that found pharmacists failed half of the time to warn about dangerous drug interactions. The Republican governor's move came as... Gov. Bruce Rauner has ordered state agencies to examine how to bolster accountability at drugstores and protect the public's health following a Tribune investigation that found pharmacists failed half of the time to warn about dangerous drug interactions. The Republican governor's move came as... (Ray Long and Sam Roe) CVS "is committed to assisting our pharmacists in providing the highest standard of care to their patients, and we look forward to reviewing Governor Rauner's proposed changes" to state rules, a spokesman said Monday. A Walgreens spokesman said: "Our goal is to provide the highest level of care to patients, and we are supportive of the governor's effort to further promote a culture of safety in community pharmacies." Rauner's plans to use existing inspectors and new mystery shoppers to improve safety at Illinois pharmacies can be achieved through executive orders. But changing the counseling requirement would need the approval of a bipartisan House-Senate panel, as would his proposal to post signs in pharmacies with a consumer hotline along with information about a patient's right to counseling. The changes could be approved by summer if the proposal can avoid the Capitol's ongoing political gridlock. Under the proposed counseling requirement, the pharmacist must have a conversation with any patient who gets a new medication or whose doctor has made significant changes to an existing prescription, such as dosage or frequency. The goal would be to educate the patient on how to take the medicine and how to avoid risks, such as drug interactions. Currently, customers often reflexively decline the required "offer to counsel," not knowing to ask questions about dangerous drug combinations or other potential problems. Required counseling places the responsibility on the pharmacist to address such issues, said Greg Bassi, the governor's policy adviser for health and human services. Pharmacy groups talk reforms after Tribune report on risky drug interactions Ray Long and Sam Roe Citing a Tribune investigation into dangerous drug interactions, the head of the nation's top association of pharmacy regulators is urging states to enact tough laws to require pharmacists to counsel patients when they pick up medications. "Counseling has to occur," said Carmen Catizone, executive... Citing a Tribune investigation into dangerous drug interactions, the head of the nation's top association of pharmacy regulators is urging states to enact tough laws to require pharmacists to counsel patients when they pick up medications. "Counseling has to occur," said Carmen Catizone, executive... (Ray Long and Sam Roe) The administration said it surveyed other states and determined more than 40 have tougher counseling standards than Illinois. One major proponent of required counseling is Carmen Catizone, executive director of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy, who commended Rauner for taking "quick and definitive action" that would address "critical areas identified by the Tribune study and story." Garth Reynolds, executive director of the Illinois Pharmacists Association, said the proposed new counseling requirement would be "reflecting what pharmacists should be doing." Reynolds also welcomed the governor's proposal to establish a task force to determine best practices in situations when patients use multiple doctors and pharmacies. Though pharmacists' practices affect patient safety, the doctors who write the prescriptions also should be part of any effort to improve care, Reynolds said. Rep. Mary Flowers, the Chicago Democrat who chairs the Health Care Availability and Accessibility Committee, said she is seeking the governor's input at the legislative hearings she will hold and praised him "for making an effort." "But I think it doesn't go quite far enough," Flowers said. Pharmacists should be limited to shifts of "eight hours, no more than nine at the most," because overworked pharmacists are more likely to make mistakes, she said. Reynolds said he does not favor a law that sets such limits. "You can't cookie-cutter that into every pharmacy practice setting," he said. Flowers also said she wants pharmacists to deal less with daily distractions, such as pitching flu shots to patients, and focus more on safety checks for drug interactions. Higher standards are needed for the computer programs pharmacists use to check for interactions, Flowers said. Experts told the Tribune that programs often issue so many alerts, including for rare and minor interactions, that pharmacists can get "alert fatigue" and skip over serious warnings that should be communicated to patients. Rauner spokesman Lance Trover said the governor is open to ideas from lawmakers that could be implemented without creating a Byzantine oversight process. In Washington, U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., has called on the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to determine how software can be better used to alert pharmacists to the risks of drug interactions and how common it is for pharmacists nationwide to dispense dangerous drug pairs without warning patients. Durbin asked the agency to establish concrete steps to ensure consumer safety and to issue guidelines to state boards of pharmacy and private industry groups. He also asked the agency to examine how company metrics that track prescriptions, workload and customer wait times might affect patient safety and pharmacy error. rlong@chicagotribune.com sroe@chicagotribune.com Twitter @RayLong, @SamRoe Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Drugs and Medicines Bruce Rauner Walgreens Mary E Flowers Illinois General Assembly Dispensing danger: How pharmacies fail to warn patients of toxic drug interactions After Tribune investigation, Durbin pushes interactive drug protection for consumers How the Tribune conducted the tests Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 26°
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1928 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
NFL Spin Zone Home Videos About NFL Draft AFCAFC AFC EastAFC East Buffalo Bills Miami Dolphins New England Patriots New York Jets AFC NorthAFC North Baltimore Ravens Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Pittsburgh Steelers AFC SouthAFC South Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Tennessee Titans AFC WestAFC West Denver Broncos Kansas City Chiefs Oakland Raiders Los Angeles Chargers NFCNFC NFC EastNFC East Dallas Cowboys New York Giants Philadelphia Eagles Washington Redskins NFC NorthNFC North Chicago Bears Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Minnesota Vikings NFC SouthNFC South Atlanta Falcons Carolina Panthers New Orleans Saints Tampa Bay Buccaneers NFC WestNFC West Arizona Cardinals Los Angeles Rams San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks Fantasy Football Write For Us MoreMore Write for us Facebook Twitter Jan 22, 2017; Atlanta, GA, USA; Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) walks off the field after the game against the Green Bay Packers in the 2017 NFC Championship Game at the Georgia Dome. Atlanta defeated Green Bay 44-21. Mandatory Credit: Jason Getz-USA TODAY Sports Falcons steamroll Packers to advance to Super BowlSports Illustrated New York Jets: 5 Offseason Moves to Manage Salary Cap by Alan Schechter 2017 NFL Picks: Score Prediction for Super Bowl 51 by Gil Alcaraz IV Super Bowl Atlanta Falcons Can Erase Misery, Crush New England Patriots Revenge in Super Bowl 51 by Michael Collins3 days agoFollow @MCFanSided Tweet Share x GPlus Pin Comment The Atlanta Falcons and New England Patriots are set to meet in Super Bowl 51, and the disrespect for Atlanta from Boston has already begun. What you are about to read is not what I had originally intended. When I pulled my creaky little Walmart chair up to my rickety Ikea desktop, my thought was to pen a column about how the Atlanta Falcons could erase five decades of misery in the February 5th Super Bowl against the New England Patriots. There was going to be no mention of Tom Brady, Bill Belichick, five rings, G.O.A.T.S or the Boston area’s plethora of championships in recent years. And then I read Boston Globe columnist Dan Shaughnessy’s latest offering. Needless to say, my mood – and my thought process – changed drastically after reading yet another pitiful jab at Atlanta’s sports culture. I won’t make this an open letter to Mr. Shaughnessy, because with the exception of a few needful circumstances, I think they are useless, self-promoting vehicles that are used to bait arguments rather than open debates. However, I will address some of Shaughnessy’s assertions and hopefully this column will find its way into his inbox or Facebook mentions. More from Super Bowl 1/27 - Super Bowl 51: Which Running Backs Hold the Edge? 1/26 - Super Bowl 51: Tom Brady, Roger Goodell Could Endure Awkward Moment 1/26 - Super Bowl 51: Bill Belichick, Patriots Come Full Circle 1/26 - Super Bowl 51: Why Has AFC Dominated the Big Game Lately? 1/25 - Super Bowl 51: Best Picks Against the Spread, Over/Under The Atlanta Falcons have indeed caused some undue suffering in their five-plus decades in Atlanta. In the late 1970s, fans thought they had a real shot at a long-standing dominance in the NFC. The sting is still there at the mention of Danny White or the Dallas Cowboys (who unceremoniously ousted the Falcons from the playoffs in both 1978 and 1980). Little did everyone know that the knees of Steve Bartkowski and William Andrews would give out before the dynasty ever really got started. There was a tease in 1991 that perhaps some of the Atlanta Braves magic in Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium had rubbed off on the Falcons, only to see the Washington Redskins literally plow the Falcons under a muddy RFK Stadium field in the divisional playoff round. The 1998 Falcons made it all the way to the mountaintop (although most fans readily admit they backed in on the unlikeliest of Minnesota Vikings miscues – a Gary Anderson missed field goal) before being callously deflowered in their Super Bowl debut by a seasoned John Elway. It hasn’t been easy being an Atlanta Falcons fan for anyone who has long clung to the hope that this franchise would deliver a title – a franchise who never even put together two consecutive winning seasons until 2008-2009, coming 44 years into their existence. Sound like I’m making Shaughnessy’s point for him? Perhaps. But there’s more than just the dearth of championships in Atlanta or the lack of a bitter rivalry going on here. While Atlanta may not have the “embarrassment of riches” in titles that the Boston area has been so lucky to experience, there is certainly no lack of real support for the professional teams here – particularly the Falcons. Shaughnessy is simply revamping a tired old song crooned by Sports Illustrated many decades ago referring to Atlanta as “Loserville U.S.A.” in 1977, when professional sports in this town was still in its infancy. The song has been sung over and over again – Rob Parker, Jason Whitlock, Michael Wilbon and others have all taken their pot-shots at Atlanta when the sports spotlight dared to make its way southward. But in this case, Dan Shaughnessy attempted a different approach. Rather than putting on the foils and cross-checking Atlanta fans into the boards, Shaughnessy shamelessly lulled readers into a comfortable safe-zone (which could have lured millennials from thousands of miles away) with left-handed compliments and placating before landing his low blows. You are an accomplished and respected journalist, Mr. Shaughnessy, but I’m here to tell you that you don’t know Atlanta…not even a little. Jan 22, 2017; Atlanta, GA, USA; A Atlanta Falcons fan holds a sign during the second quarter against the Green Bay Packers in the 2017 NFC Championship Game at the Georgia Dome. Mandatory Credit: Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports Perhaps all the indifferent “non-fans” Shaughnessy refers to in his poison pen-pal column are the 45 percent of metro Atlanta’s 5.7 million residents who are transplants from other cities. Transplants who have little to zero interest in local teams, it should be added. Atlanta is such a warm and inviting place (and apparently affordable compared to the unspeakable cost of living in Boston) that northerners flock here in record numbers – filling the public houses and condominium developments, but not the sports arenas. Attendance at Falcons games tells a very different story than the one spun by Boston’s esteemed columnist. While he painted gloomy pictures of decaying buildings erected merely 25 years ago, stating they’ve “come and gone as Atlanta teams search for support that never arrives”, the truth is that the support is there, and has been for quite some time. The lowest attendance capacity figure the Falcons have posted in the last seven seasons is 95.2% in 2010, going well over 100% attendance capacity in 2014. Those figures include two losing seasons and one 8-8 campaign. No, Atlanta fans love this team, and have seen the Falcons ebb and flow since the birth of the franchise in 1966. Win or lose (usually lose) the love and support for the Falcons has always been there. Old and young, fans live and die with this team. So “Meh” to playing Atlanta? Not a worthy opponent? A town without pity? Wicked good twaddle there, Dan. And we don’t need your pity. This is no longer just a hope for the Falcons to erase five decades of football futility, this has now become a mission to derail the Brady revenge tour and send the Patriots back to Title Town Jr. with their tails tucked firmly between their thigh pads. The Falcons are now the hope of every team and every person in every city who despises the Patriots and how they go about their business – a full 48 states teeming with fans who more want to see the Patriots lose than they care about the Falcons winning. In the 1990s. the Atlanta Braves were America’s Team, and Atlanta Journal-Constitution columnist Mark Bradley agrees, the Falcons will take up that mantle for one Sunday in February. The one thing everyone in Brady-land seems to ignore is that this Falcons team has every ingredient needed to upend the Pats in Houston, proceeding to spoil Dan Shaughnessy’s corned beef brisket dinner and skunk his Guinness. So go ahead Boston…be deflated about this game (yeah, that was on purpose). This isn’t a Falcons team who backed into the playoffs or the Super Bowl. This is a Falcons team with one more thing to prove, and all the talent on board to prove it. Next: Every NFL Team's Top Potential Free Agent Casualty As an experienced and well-written columnist,  it’s surprising to me that Shaughnessy seems unfamiliar with the term “bulletin board material”…because brother, he just provided the Falcons with a stack of it. (By the way Dan…very sorry your college football teams are so ashamedly average in New England. Must be tough around there on fall Saturdays.) Load Comments Top Stories NFL Spin Zone 31w ago5 Reasons Why the Oakland Raiders Could Win Super Bowl 2017 About About Masthead Press Openings Swag Stay Connected Our 300+ Sites Mobile Apps FanSided Daily Google Newsstand FanSided Deals Contact Technical Support Advertise Writer Application Tips Download our mobile apps Your favorite teams, topics, and players all on your favorite mobile devices. © 2017 FanSided Inc. All Rights Reserved. FanSided Fandom 250 All NFL More NFL News » More NFL Mocks » View all All NFL Sites Topics All NFL Fantasy Football NFL Draft 2016 NFL Mock Drafts NFL Scouting Combine NFL Free Agency 2016 Super Bowl Ranking Starting QBs for Each Team Best NFL Player Born in Every State Fantasy Football More Daily Fantasy Football » More Fantasy Football » View all Fantasy Football Sites Topics All Fantasy Football Daily Fantasy Football Fantasy Football Video Start/Sit Advice Weekly Positional Rankings Email Newsletter NFL Draft More NFL Draft 2017 » More Mock Drafts » View all NFL Draft Sites Topics All NFL Draft Mock Drafts Souting Reports 2017 NFL Draft 2016 NFL Draft Souting Combine 2017 Mock Draft NFL Spin Zone More All Spin Zone » More Fantasy Football » View all NFL Spin Zone Sites Topics NFL Video NFL Draft AFC NFC Fantasy Football Write for Us Best NFL Player Born in Every State NFL Playoffs More NFL Playoffs » More Super Bowl » View all NFL Playoffs Sites Topics NFL Playoffs Superbowl Deals Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated More SI Top Stories » More Extra Mustard » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Features Magazine MMQB Swim SI Now SI Wire SI Longform Campush Rush The Cauldrin 120 Sports Tweet Share Pin GPlus Comment ' Search for: 'Search FanSided 5 Reasons Why the Oakland Raiders Could Win Super Bowl 2017 by Gil Alcaraz IV Fandom 250 All NFL Fantasy Football NFL Draft NFL Spin Zone NFL Playoffs Deals Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated About/Contact Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Adams County Crime Blotter: Woman cited for… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Shevchenko headlines UFC Denver Fixing Broncos O-line Australian Open update APS budget cuts New Denver skyscraper Denver weather News YourHub Adams County Crime Blotter: Woman cited for throwing items in the road Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Adams County Crime Blotter: Woman cited for throwing items in the road By Provided by Law Enforcement | January 25, 2017 at 2:53 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Bill to let bicyclists roll through stop signs gains speed, but there are roadblocks ahead Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban Tantrums at the bus stop. A witness called police to the bus stop at East 60th Avenue and Dahlia Street in Commerce City because a woman waiting for the bus there Dec. 28 was belligerently rambling and throwing things from her Walmart cart into the street. She would then go out to the road to retrieve the items and then throw them again. She was cited. Lock box scavengers. Police were called to Exhaust Pros, 11450 Huron St., Northglenn, because someone broke out one of the garage windows Jan. 5 and rummaged through employees’ tool box stations. One employee had a lock box with handguns inside that was stolen. Air conditioner door. Someone broke into a man’s storage unit inside his housing complex in the 9500 block of Pecos Street, Thornton and stole nearly $3,000 worth of the man’s possessions Dec. 15. The unknown suspect pushed a window air conditioning unit through the window to get inside. Related Articles January 25, 2017 Arvada Crime Blotter: Man runs from cab fare for six blocks January 25, 2017 Aurora Crime Blotter: Restaurant burglar leaves empty-handed January 25, 2017 West Jeffco Crime Blotter: Woman concerned about wooden horse January 24, 2017 Arapahoe County Crime Blotter: Police bust man with smorgasbord of drugs in Englewood January 24, 2017 Douglas County Crime Blotter: A woman says her friend hot wired her truck to protect it from thieves Man exposes himself to woman in car. A woman who was just sitting in her car in the 11600 block of Community Center Drive, Northglenn, was approached by a young man who was asking her for directions to Boondocks Jan. 3. The woman then noticed that the man’s genitals were outside of his pants and called police. Sleeping on the sidewalk. A man who was found passed out drunk in front of Parkway Liquors, 6075 Parkway Drive, Commerce City was cited for having an open bottle of vodka in his hand Dec. 28. Safe heist. The owner of Rockstar Beauty Lounge, 2683 E. 120th Ave., Thornton, called police Dec. 16 because someone busted the glass out of the front door and went inside and stole a small safe that had several hundred dollars and various papers inside. Tags:  crime blotter Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in YourHub Arvada Crime Blotter: Man runs from cab fare for six blocks January 25, 2017, 2:56 pm This week’s Arvada crime blotter includes a man who ran for six blocks to escape his cab fare, a young couple who stole more than $400 worth of merchandise from Big 5, a very impaired driver and a nasty case of road rage. Aurora Crime Blotter: Restaurant burglar leaves empty-handed January 25, 2017, 2:54 pm The neighbor of a man who lives in the 1400 block of North Moline Street called him Jan. 6 because he said he saw someone drive up to the man’s car and smash out the back window in the middle of the night before driving off. Business Q&A: Olde Town Flower Shoppe, Arvada January 25, 2017, 2:50 pm What was once Fiori di Flavio is now the Olde Town Flower Shoppe and is offering incredible services for all flower related needs in Arvada. Business Q&A: Downslope Distilling Inc., Centennial January 25, 2017, 2:46 pm This local distillery produces spirits that are getting recognized across the U.S. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Arts Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Arts Performing Arts Visual Arts Classical Music Books Architecture Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close (Ben Torres/Special Contributor) How Sanderia Faye chased her writing dream — and caught it Filed under Books at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Elizabeth Hamilton, Special Contributor Connect with Elizabeth Hamilton Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Sanderia Faye knew she should be content, but she wasn't.  She was a successful accountant who had accepted a high-paying job in marketing and sales for a pharmaceutical company in Phoenix. It was a position others coveted, but when Faye came home after a long day to relax and watch The Oprah Winfrey Show, she felt empty inside.  That's when she started listening to what Oprah actually said.  "Oprah kept showing these people that had followed their passion," says Faye.  But what was a passion, she wondered?  Faye, who grew up in the rural town of Gould in the Arkansas Delta, had been taught to work hard whether she enjoyed it or not. Passion had little to do with it.  Sanderia Faye, based the fictional town of Mourner's Bench on her hometown, Gould, Ark.  Ben Torres/Special Contributor So Faye set out to discover what she truly enjoyed. When she asked herself what she would do without getting paid, Faye realized she'd been writing articles about local athletes for small publications practically for free.  "And one of my friends just said, 'You should know what your passion is. It's writing'," says Faye. "And so it clicked."  Two decades later, Faye is the author of Mourner's Bench (University of Arkansas Press, $19.95) a novel which received the 2016 Legacy Award for debut fiction from the Hurston/Wright Foundation. The book takes place during the civil rights movement in the fictional town of Maeby, Ark., which is based on Faye's hometown.  Now living in Dallas, Faye continues to write while advocating for a more robust literary scene in the city. As part of that advocacy, she's hosting a dialogue with Nicole Dennis-Benn, author of the award-winning novel Here Comes the Sun, on Feb. 2 at the South Dallas Cultural Center. The event is part of the ongoing series "African Diaspora: New Dialogues," which Faye co-founded with the South Dallas Cultural Center and WordSpace.  No island paradise in 'Here Comes the Sun' - just resonant themes and brilliant writing Faye is still astonished that she not only published a book but received critical acclaim for it. The Hurston/Wright Foundation award had her delivering an acceptance speech to a room that included literary stars such as Junot Diaz and Ernest J. Gaines.  When she decided to seriously pursue writing, one career counselor told her it was impossible. "You cannot go from accounting to writing," Faye remembers the counselor saying. But Faye had made up her mind.  Mourner's Bench, by Sanderia Faye She applied to Arizona State University's Master of Fine Arts in creative writing program with a short story about two girls who worked for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee in the Arkansas Delta. That story would eventually become Mourner's Bench.  Faye graduated from the program with a rough draft of the novel, but neither a job nor a published book.  "I really thought that after the M.F.A. there would be a job or I would get a book published," she says. "I had this really idealistic view of what would happen next."  Instead, Faye bounced around. Her boyfriend lent her his beach house in Florida as a place to write. She took a job as an instructor for the U.S. Navy, where she taught literature and composition to enlisted sailors on several ships. In 2006, she moved to Dallas to work as a regional marketing director for Wal-Mart.  All the while, Faye tinkered with the manuscript.  "The novel wouldn't leave me alone," she says. "I had to finally accept the fact that this book wanted to be written."  Faye enrolled in the English Ph.D. program at the University of Texas at Dallas with the intention of finishing the book as her dissertation. Around that time, she met Jennifer Wallach, now an associate professor of history at the University of North Texas, who was putting together a book about the SNCC. The two became friends, and Wallach, who believed Faye's story was a powerful testament to life during the civil rights movement, introduced Faye to the director of the University of Arkansas Press.  "She sort of captures the complexity of the civil rights movement in a way that's hard to do," says Wallach. "Her characters are flesh-and-blood humans. They aren't archetypes."  Mourner's Bench tells the story of 8-year-old Sarah Jones, who struggles with a desire to receive forgiveness by sitting on the mourner's bench in front of her Baptist congregation and her mother's work for the SNCC pushing Maeby toward integration -- work that's condemned by the church.  The book wrestles with discrimination, feminism and faith, while exploring the relationships between four generations of African-American women. Because the story is told from the disarming perspective of a child, it's opening conversations about racial reconciliation today, says Faye.  Though the press published only nonfiction at the time, it made an exception for Mourner's Bench.  "Once I read it, I knew that it was much bigger than a book of fiction," says Mike Bieker, director of the press.  It is a scholarly account of the difficulties of day-to-day life for African-Americans in the '60s, he says. Faye's personality played a role in the press' decision to publish the book as well.  "She is a force of nature," he says.  Attending her events feels like a religious experience, says Bieker.  Faye is using this honest charisma, her marketing experience and her longing for a tightknit community of writers to advocate for a livelier literary scene in Dallas. As well as co-founding African Diaspora, Faye co-founded Kimbilio Fiction, a writing community at Southern Methodist University that nurtures African-American writers. She also hosts literary salons in her home and will teach two creative writing classes at SMU this spring, all while finishing her dissertation at UNT.  Dallas author Sanderia Faye speaks with Hughes Professor of English at Southern Methodist University, Willard Spiegelman (left) and writer Ryden Anderson  during a WordSpace Dallas Salon.  (Ben Torres/Special Contributor) "People do have a thirst for literature," she says.   She hopes to satisfy that thirst by connecting readers, authors and literary organizations in the city.   When Faye looks back at her transitions from accountant to writer to literary advocate, she smiles.   "When you follow your passion, you find your purpose," she says.  Elizabeth Hamilton is a freelance writer in Dallas. She blogs at elizabethannehamilton.com. Follow her on Twitter @hamiltoneliz and Instagram @elizabethamilton. Plan your life Sanderia Faye will host "African Diaspora: New Dialogues" with Nicole Dennis-Benn,  author of Here Comes the Sun, 7:30 p.m. Feb. 2 at the South Dallas Cultural Center, 3400 S. Fitzhugh Ave, Dallas. She'll also host a discussion of the book 7 p.m. Jan. 26 at Deep Vellum Books, 3000 Commerce, Dallas.  Sanderia Faye. (Ben Torres/Special Contributor) View Comments Tags Books Arts Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Arts More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Delta Board of Directors Names Jeanne Jackson as Newest Member News provided by Delta Air Lines Jan 25, 2017, 17:21 ET Share this article ATLANTA, Jan. 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Delta Air Lines' (NYSE: DAL) board of directors today announced Jeanne P. Jackson as its newest member, effective immediately.  Jackson is senior strategic advisor to the chief executive officer of NIKE, Inc. She currently serves on the Boards of Directors of McDonald's Corporation and Kraft Heinz Company. "Jeanne brings extensive senior executive expertise and insight into consumer and digital marketing and branding matters important to Delta," said Frank Blake, Delta's non-executive chairman of the board.  "With her wide range of experience as a member of senior management and as a board member of large organizations, she will be an asset for Delta's board of directors." Ms. Jackson served as NIKE's President, Product and Merchandising from July 2013 until April 2016 and President, Direct to Consumer from 2009 until July 2013.  She joined the NIKE Executive team in 2009 after serving on its Board of Directors for eight years.  She founded and served as the Chief Executive Officer of MSP Capital, a private investment company, from 2002 to 2009 and as Chief Executive Officer of Walmart.com, a private e-commerce enterprise, from 2000 to 2002. Ms. Jackson previously served in various leadership positions at Gap Inc., Victoria's Secret, Saks Fifth Avenue and Federated Department Stores, Inc., all clothing retailers, and Walt Disney Attractions, Inc., the theme parks and vacation resorts division of The Walt Disney Company. Ms. Jackson has previously served on numerous private and public company boards of directors, including NIKE, Inc., Harrah's Entertainment, Inc., Nordstrom, Inc. and Walmart.com, among others. She received a Bachelor's Degree from the University of Colorado and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard University. Delta Air Lines serves nearly 180 million customers each year. In 2016, Delta was named to Fortune's top 50 Most Admired Companies in addition to being named the most admired airline for the fifth time in six years. Additionally, Delta has ranked No.1 in the Business Travel News Annual Airline survey for an unprecedented six consecutive years. With an industry-leading global network, Delta and the Delta Connection carriers offer service to 323 destinations in 57 countries on six continents. Headquartered in Atlanta, Delta employs more than 80,000 employees worldwide and operates a mainline fleet of more than 800 aircraft. The airline is a founding member of the SkyTeam global alliance and participates in the industry's leading transatlantic joint venture with Air France-KLM and Alitalia as well as a joint venture with Virgin Atlantic. Including its worldwide alliance partners, Delta offers customers more than 15,000 daily flights, with key hubs and markets including Amsterdam, Atlanta, Boston, Detroit, Los Angeles, Minneapolis/St. Paul, New York-JFK and LaGuardia, London-Heathrow, Paris-Charles de Gaulle, Salt Lake City, Seattle and Tokyo-Narita. Delta has invested billions of dollars in airport facilities, global products and services, and technology to enhance the customer experience in the air and on the ground. Additional information is available on the Delta News Hub, as well as delta.com, Twitter @DeltaNewsHub, Google.com/+Delta, and Facebook.com/delta. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/delta-board-of-directors-names-jeanne-jackson-as-newest-member-300396840.html SOURCE Delta Air Lines Related Links http://www.delta.com Jan 12, 2017, 13:00 ET Preview: Delta Kicks Off Fifth Consecutive Year of Growth in Seattle with Seven New Destinations My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 13:00 ETDelta Kicks Off Fifth Consecutive Year of Growth in Seattle with... Jan 12, 2017, 07:00 ETDelta Air Lines Announces December Quarter and Full Year 2016... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Personnel Announcements You just read: Delta Board of Directors Names Jeanne Jackson as Newest Member News provided by Delta Air Lines Jan 25, 2017, 17:21 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Dow Jones closes above 20,000. Now what? Toronto market closes near record high as Trump stock surge continues. ▶ The Dow Jones Industrial Average traded above 20,000 for the first time on Wednesday.(Reuters) By Landon Thomas Jr.The New York Times Wed., Jan. 25, 2017 Yes, it is just another number. But in an industry that lives and dies by the power (seen and unseen) of sums in all their varieties, that the Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 on Wednesday was enough to give even the most hardened stock market watchers reason to smile. “It blows me away,” said Jim Paulsen, chief market strategist at Wells Fargo Asset Management. “I can remember when people wondered if we would ever get through Dow 1,000. It’s amazing — we are up 20-fold in my career.” Read more: TSX finishes just shy of all-time record close as Dow tops 20,000 And that is a big deal, Paulsen explained, because it means that for all the worry and doubts that have sprung from the market collapses in 1987, 2000 and 2008, if investors just held to a core portfolio of large American stocks they would have done pretty well. Article Continued Below The same could be said north of the border — on Wednesday, the Toronto stock market ended up just a few points shy of its record high close, as the S&P/TSX composite index gained 33.15 points at 15,643.84. The benchmark had surpassed its record close of 15,657.63 set on Sept. 3, 2014, in the morning but had pulled back later in the afternoon. Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday.  (Richard Drew/The Associated Press)   Of course, the usual caveats apply. In percentage terms, the Dow going from 10,000 (which it hit in March 1999) to 20,000 is less meaningful than the journey from 1,000, which it reached in 1972. It is also true that the Dow represents just 30 companies — including stalwarts like Goldman Sachs, Apple and Wal-Mart — compared with the 500 that make up the Standard & Poor’s index or the 2,000 of the Russell market tracker. And in today’s ETF-driven marketplace, where indexes of every stripe are used to entice investors looking for cheap and predictable returns, the Dow as an index for exchange-traded funds has been more or less ignored, compared to funds that follow the S&P 500 and Russell 2000. After all, from the perspective of financial adviser seeking maximum diversification for his client, an ETF that tracks just 30 stocks is not as compelling to the alternatives that represent a broader swath of the U.S. economy. Still, even if the power of 20,000 is more psychological than quantifiable, that should not necessarily weaken its punch, especially today when there are so many different forms of media that can advertise the accomplishment. “I think it is meaningful,” said Ed Yardeni, an independent and long-standing market strategist. “No matter what your politics are or what fears you may have — this index is one of the more reliable indicators we have in terms of where the economy is heading.” As did Paulsen, Yardeni underscores the durability factor in describing why 20,000 should be recognized. His team of analysts tracks what he calls panic attacks, or headline-driven falls in the market that could last months or days. There have been 55 of these selling fits since the start of this bull market in early 2009, every one of which has been followed by a relief rally. It is this very point, however, that worries some market seers. “It has taken over 17 years to get here,” said David Kelly, head of global strategy at JP Morgan Asset Management. “We hit 10,000 on a wave of enthusiasm but we have had to climb a wall of worry all the way up to 20,000.” Kelly makes some cautionary points in terms of urging investors not to get carried away with the number. The recent post-election surge toward 20,000 has been driven by what investors are calling a reflation trade, or a bet that the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump will benefit from proposed tax cuts and a move toward more aggressive government spending. Earlier Wednesday, responding to an Associated Press report on Twitter that the index had traded above 20,000 for the first time, Trump sent a tweet from the president’s official Twitter account that said, “Great!” People should also be aware, Kelly said, that expected U.S. cuts in capital gains taxes have kept many investors from taking profits during the rally. The thought being, that if they were to wait several months, they could dump their stocks and face a lighter tax bill in the process. “The exit door is jammed,” he said. Then there are the “perma-bears” who see Dow 20,000 as just the latest sign that the end is nigh. “The number is meaningless — this is the greatest sucker’s rally in history,” said David A. Stockman, the former budget chief for U.S. President Ronald Reagan who gained renown for publicly rejecting the notion of Reaganomics in the early 1980s. “The Dow has no business being anywhere close to these levels.” Stockman disputes the notion, embraced today by stock market bulls, that Trump can cut taxes and increase government spending while leaving Medicare and Social Security alone without creating a debt and deficit crisis. And he is putting his money where his mouth is. Since the election, he has made bets that the market will fall sharply from these levels. “This is the greatest short of all time,” Stockman said. With files from The Canadian Press Read more about: Tsx, Donald Trump Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 0°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Now Open: Lululemon stretches out into men-only stores with The Local At The Local, the clothes, the décor and the whole vibe says the brand wants everyone — particularly guys — to think of it differently. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Panama Papers Dinner Party Canada 150 Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Procter & Gamble Co. Is Tackling the E-Commerce Threat P&G recently provided some fresh data on how its online business is holding up against the competition. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 25, 2017 at 4:57PM Procter & Gamble's (NYSE:PG) dominance over the consumer goods industry is at risk as more spending moves online each year. The company doesn't enjoy the same wall-to-wall coverage online, after all, that it does in retail stores, where franchises like Tide and Pampers soak up prime real estate across shopping aisles. The good news for shareholders is that management is aware of the threats and opportunities that come with e-commerce disruptions. Despite recent stumbles as it tried to protect brands like Gillette from online-based rivals, P&G is optimistic that this important sales channel will be a win for the business over time. A $3 billion business E-commerce is now a $3 billion annual business for P&G, which equates to just under 5% of sales. A 40% annual growth rate is helping close the gap between that figure and the 8.4% of total retailing that is now taken up by online spending. E-commerce accounts for over 8% of all retailing, up from 3% in 2006. Image source: Federal Reserve Economic Data. P&G's key partners in this channel include Amazon.com, which competes in some of its strongest categories, and Target, in addition to Wal-Mart, whose retail locations account for 15% of its annual revenue. Holding market share P&G's market-share position online is about equal to its offline results. That means Pampers accounts for about 30% of all digital purchases of diapers around the world, Bounty makes up 40% of all paper towel orders, and the Gillette franchise is responsible for a whopping 65% of the global blades and razors industry. Image source: Getty Images. These products face brutal price-based competition from online-focused rivals, but in most cases their strong brands, supplemented by P&G's aggressive marketing spending, have allowed their retailing positions to translate directly into online dominance. Keeping costs even P&G is working hard to bring costs down to the point that it can generate the same profitability regardless of whether it's through an online sale or a traditional retailing purchase. The company has managed impressive wins on this score by cutting $1.5 billion out of annual operating expenses over the past five years. PG Cost of Goods Sold (TTM) data by YCharts. P&G expects to generate even bigger savings over the next few years by slicing an average of $2 billion out of annual costs through 2021. Winning markets Executives highlighted two markets where P&G is enjoying especially strong results online. In China that channel is on pace to reach 20% of its business and should soon pass $1 billion in annual sales. Website orders account for 40% of revenue in Korea, too, where P&G has had success pushing subscription services for high-volume products like diapers and razors. The company isn't likely to achieve anything close to these figures in the $28 billion U.S. segment. However, China is its second-largest market, and so it represents an attractive picture for the direction that its other key geographies should move. In its 10-K report, P&G lists "failure to effectively compete" in the e-commerce sales channel as one of its biggest operating risks. That concern will only grow as online sales pass 10% of overall retailing and keep climbing. Executives know there will always be a place for physical stores. They're more convenient for meeting needs quickly, or for shoppers aiming to handle errands, like gas refills, banking, and pharmacy trips, that aren't confined to product purchases. Yet P&G understands that it can't fall behind in a business that's already a huge sales generator in many of its most important markets. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool recommends Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 4:57PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $86.72 up $0.12 (0.14%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Procter & Gamble Co Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Procter & Gamble Co. in 6 Charts Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Procter & Gamble Co. Is Tackling the E-Commerce Threat @themotleyfool #stocks $PG
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Archive 5 tips for buying jewelry for Valentine's Day Wednesday Jan 25, 2017 at 3:30 PM ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer NEW YORK (AP) — Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine's Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there's plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine's Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there's a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart's Sam's Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine's deals run from Jan. 25 to the holiday. Macy's jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, starts Jan. 29 and ends Feb. 9. "You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Here are some tips: —KNOW YOUR LOVED ONE'S TASTE Look at what your partner is wearing and what's in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don't get big hoops. And if that person is active, don't buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there's a way — subtly! — to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. —DO RESEARCH AND LEARN THE LINGO Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. —TAKE PRECAUTIONS AGAINT FRAUD First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile's director of brand experience. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you'd get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle — it's a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. —CONSIDER SYNTHETIC DIAMONDS If you want something sparkly but want to avoid gems from conflict zones, synthetic or man-made diamonds are about 20 percent to 40 percent less expensive, according to DealNews. Produced in a laboratory, they are chemically the same as mined diamonds, as opposed to simulated diamonds, which are usually cubic zirconia or moissanite. Pure Grown Diamonds, the world's largest distributor of them, has a directory on its website of stores by zip code that offer lab-grown diamonds. While a gemologist wouldn't be able to tell the difference between mined and synthetic diamonds, a jeweler needs to tell buyers the origin. —BE CREATIVE Not interested in spending a lot but still want good quality? Consider estate sales. Or if you think your partner would want to try out pieces for a while, there's a rental jewelry subscription service called Rocksbox.com. It allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. For example, a three-month gift membership plus a $10 gift card is $49. The retail price on the jewelry ranges from $50 to $150 and includes such designers as Kate Spade and Rebecca Minkoff.   Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Customer Service Newspaper in Education Submit an Ad Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Random Acts of Kindness Education State News Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email SEE IT: Orlando man accused of killing cop and pregnant ex-girlfriend shouts expletive at judge in court appearance  SEE IT: Orlando man accused of murder shouts expletive at judge BY Jessica Schladebeck NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Wednesday, January 25, 2017, 3:41 PM facebook Tweet email BY Jessica Schladebeck NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Wednesday, January 25, 2017, 3:41 PM A Florida man accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police lieutenant ended his third court appearance by aiming another flurry of profanities at the judge. Suspect Markeith Loyd, 41, is facing multiple charges in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, and the murder of Lt. Debra Clayton. Dixon was killed in her home in December, and Clayton was fatally shot on Jan. 9 while attempting to capture Loyd outside a Walmart. Loyd’s court appearance on Tuesday was to answer a single charge of resisting arrest without violence. Girlfriend of accused cop shooter joked about him killing police Lt. Debra Clayton was shot outside of a Walmart on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orange County Sheriff's Office) He was previously charged with murder of a law enforcement officer, attempted first-degree murder with a firearm of a law enforcement officer, armed carjacking, wearing a bulletproof vest while committing a felony and aggravated assault in addition to charges stemming from Dixon’s murder, according to WFTV9. Loyd now faces a total of 10 charges in relation to the two deaths. During Tuesday's brief hearing, Judge Adam McGinnis read Loyd the charge and then set bond at $500 before dismissing him, according to the Orlando Sentinel. As officers began to escort Loyd from the courtroom, he leaned toward the microphone and addressed McGinnis. Members of an Orlando Police honor guard prepare to carry the flag-draped casket of Orlando Police officer Debra Clayton. (Red Huber/AP) “I’m here for what?” he asked. “Resisting arrest? And this is what happened to me? Man, f--k you.” Orlando Police capture suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd He continued to curse at the correctional officers as he was taken from the courtroom. Loyd’s first court appearance on Jan. 19 was similarly laden with profanities. “Y’all just making s--t up,” he told Judge Jeanette Dejura Bigney. “You’re acting like I just went down there and shot this girl.” Accused killer Markeith Loyd faced a judge for the third time in connection with the death of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton. (WFTV) He continued his rant for several minutes, telling the judge he intended to represent himself in his upcoming proceedings. He’s set to appear again before a judge on Thursday to determine whether he’ll be allowed to serve as his own legal counsel, WFTV9 reported. SEE IT: Florida cops release video of Markeith Loyd's arrest Police captured Loyd on Jan. 17 in an abandoned home in the Carver Shores neighborhood, after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. Recently released video of the arrest shows officers kicking him at least twice. Police said Loyd did not put his hands behind his back, as instructed. He was hospitalized for a day and treated for injuries to his face and left eye, the Orlando Sentinel reported. Tags: orlando florida gun violence Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Target will launch its own mobile payment service later this year Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | January 25, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Back in late 2015, rumors suggested that Target was working on its own mobile payment service. Now it sounds like that service is almost ready for launch. Target has confirmed that it’s prepping its own mobile payment service. Michael McNamara, Target’s Chief Information and Digital Officer, told Recode that Target plans to add mobile payment support into one or more of its own apps. This mobile payment functionality will launch later in 2017. Target's mobile payment service will initially be offered only to customers with a REDcard, which are debit and credit cards offered by Target that give you a 5 percent discount on purchases. Neither McNamara nor Target have provided any other details, so it’s unclear exactly when this service will launch. Target won’t be the first retailer to launch its own mobile payment service. In mid-2016, Walmart finished its nationwide rollout of Walmart Pay, a payment service that’s baked into its Walmart apps for Android and iPhone. It’s kind of disappointing that Target is opting to launch its own mobile payment offering instead of adopting Android Pay and Apple Pay, but at least with the launch of Target’s service, there will be a mobile payments service available at Target stores. Source:  Recode Android iOS Apps Previous ArticleJapan Display Inc. announces flexible 5.5-inch smartphone display Next ArticleHTC says that it's not working on an Android Wear smartwatch Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Verizon launches Unlimited Together plan for international calling Japan Display Inc. announces flexible 5.5-inch smartphone display Hugo Barra officially joining Facebook to lead all of its VR efforts New Cricket Wireless deals include increased high-speed data allotments, discounted phones View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Honor 6X Review: Best Budget Smartphone? Marco Hanna 2 hours 10 min ago 1 shares 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung says Galaxy Note 8 is coming Alex Wagner 4 days 10 hours ago 104 shares 103 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Huawei Mate 9 review Marco Hanna 5 days 2 hours ago Spectacles review: Worth it? Marco Hanna 6 days 22 hours ago 4 shares 2 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 10 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 15 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 2 3 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of AT&T launching International AT&T confirms that it's AT&T confirms that it shut AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of Sprint News How much data do you use per month? Sprint promo offering $50 Sprint will acquire 33 percent of Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill T-Mobile News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of T-Mobile adding ability to share T T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung Verizon Wireless Comcast aiming to launch wireless How much data do you use per month? Verizon launches Unlimited Verizon offering Moto Z Droid and Verizon launches ‘Just for you’ Verizon stepping up Galaxy Note 7 Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 26°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 26°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated 5 tips for buying jewelry for Valentine’s Day "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, Updated: January 25, 2017 1:26 pm Follow @AuroraSentinel NEW YORK | Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner’s tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there’s plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. “It is a big time to buy jewelry,” says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. “There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don’t be dazzled by the discounts.” This photo provided by Blue Nile shows two Blue Nile diamond heart pendants, one in 14-carat white gold, one in 14-carat rose gold, and a Blue Nile love necklace in 14-carat rose gold. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes and shopping at reputable jewelry stores. (Blue Nile via AP) This photo provided by Blue Nile shows a Blue Nile Studio French Pavé Asscher-Cut diamond eternity ring in platinum with a Bella Vaughan for Blue Nile Grandeur Cushion Halo diamond engagement ring in platinum. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. Sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile offer resources for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. (Blue Nile via AP) This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine’s Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there’s a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart’s Sam’s Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine’s deals run from Jan. 25 to the holiday. Macy’s jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, starts Jan. 29 and ends Feb. 9. “You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded,” said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Here are some tips: —KNOW YOUR LOVED ONE’S TASTE Look at what your partner is wearing and what’s in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don’t get big hoops. And if that person is active, don’t buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there’s a way — subtly! — to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. —DO RESEARCH AND LEARN THE LINGO Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. —TAKE PRECAUTIONS AGAINT FRAUD First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile’s director of brand experience. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you’d get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle — it’s a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. —CONSIDER SYNTHETIC DIAMONDS If you want something sparkly but want to avoid gems from conflict zones, synthetic or man-made diamonds are about 20 percent to 40 percent less expensive, according to DealNews. Produced in a laboratory, they are chemically the same as mined diamonds, as opposed to simulated diamonds, which are usually cubic zirconia or moissanite. Pure Grown Diamonds, the world’s largest distributor of them, has a directory on its website of stores by zip code that offer lab-grown diamonds. While a gemologist wouldn’t be able to tell the difference between mined and synthetic diamonds, a jeweler needs to tell buyers the origin. —BE CREATIVE Not interested in spending a lot but still want good quality? Consider estate sales. Or if you think your partner would want to try out pieces for a while, there’s a rental jewelry subscription service called Rocksbox.com. It allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. For example, a three-month gift membership plus a $10 gift card is $49. The retail price on the jewelry ranges from $50 to $150 and includes such designers as Kate Spade and Rebecca Minkoff. Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Tags: ap Top Videos ‘Get up. We’ve got to get out’: Storms kill 20 in the South — VIDEO CLIPS, GALLERY TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute MONDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute Police: Beating on video began after friendly encounter — VIDEO CLIPS OF COPS View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings No livestreams currently available 36° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Recall Alert Important News on Consumer Products That Can Keep You Safe HP Recalls More Than 100,000 Laptop Batteries Due to Overheating HP recommends that customers with the potentially defective batteries stop using them completely NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest national-international updates in your inbox Privacy policy | More Newsletters Recalled lithium-ion batteries used in HP notebook computers HP is recalling about 101,000 laptop batteries due to risk of overheating and causing fires. The company has expanded the number of recalled batteries to include those shipped with laptops sold between March 2013 and October 2016. A previous battery issue for the same model led to a recall of 40,000 batteries in June 2016. Trump Voters Pleased With Promised Action on Border Wall The defective lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and authorized dealer dealers nationwide and online at www.hp.com. The batteries were also sold separately for between $50 and $90. It is compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario and HP Pavilion laptop computers. The batteries that are part of the recall start with the codes: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. Surveillance Video Shows Truck Crash Through City Bus HP recommends that customers with the potentially defective batteries stop using them completely, remove them from the laptop and contact HP for a free replacement battery. Until a replacement battery is received, HP recommends consumers should use the notebook computer by plugging it into AC power only. There has been one report of the battery overheating, melting and charring, leading to about $1,000 in property damage. Updated'Life Is Winning': Pence Rallies Anti-Abortion March Customers can call HP Monday through Friday between 7 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET at 888-202-4320 on line at www.HP.com for more information.  Published at 3:05 PM EST on Jan 25, 2017 | Updated at 3:24 PM EST on Jan 25, 2017 Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Gov. Charlie Baker to propose $40.5 billion FY18 state budget Print Email Shira Schoenberg | sschoenberg@repub.com By Shira Schoenberg | sschoenberg@repub.com masslive.com Follow on Twitter on January 25, 2017 at 2:49 PM, updated January 26, 2017 at 1:32 PM comments BOSTON -- Gov. Charlie Baker on Wednesday will propose a $40.5 billion state budget for fiscal 2018 -- an increase of $1.65 billion, or 4.3 percent, over projected spending in the current fiscal year. Baker wrote in a letter to the Legislature that the budget proposal "keeps the Commonwealth on a path of fiscal responsibility, essentially achieves our stated goal of bringing the state budget into structural balance, addresses long-term obligations, and funds important priorities." The governor's budget proposal now goes the House, which will develop its own version, then to the Senate. The budget must be signed into law by the beginning of the next fiscal year, on July 1, 2017. Baker's budget proposal assumes that tax revenue will grow by 3.9 percent next year, to $27 billion. He is then counting on getting another $187 million from other proposed tax changes. The budget counts on an automatic reduction in the state income tax from 5.1 percent to 5.05 percent in January 2018. The money will fund increased spending on local aid, MassHealth, education, substance abuse services, child protection, and homelessness prevention, among other programs. One major tax change would gain the state an additional $30 million by requiring certain online retailers who do business in Massachusetts to collect sales taxes. Currently, some retailers that sell online -- such as Amazon and Wal-Mart -- have a physical presence in Massachusetts and collect sales taxes. But other online retailers do not have offices or stores in Massachusetts. Consumers technically must still pay the sales tax on anything they buy, but most do not. The new rule, which Baker can implement without legislative approval, would require that as of July 1, any company doing more than $500,000 in annual sales in Massachusetts would have to collect and pay sales taxes to the state. The state anticipates getting $20 million from another tax change, which would require credit card companies to provide 1099 tax forms to any consumer who earns more than $600 from credit and debit card transactions. Consumers already have to pay income taxes on these transactions, but they only receive tax forms once they earn $20,000 on 200 transactions. So, for example, a person who sells $10,000 worth of merchandise on eBay is required to pay taxes on that income -- but under the new rule, they would for the first time receive a tax form from their credit card company. State officials anticipate that this would increase compliance with existing tax law. Baker previously announced he will extend the state's hotel tax to room-sharing services and individuals who rent out rooms for more than 150 days a year. He is also proposing requiring companies to transmit taxes to the state immediately, instead of current law that allows them to hold the money for 50 days. This timing change would bring in one-time revenue of $125 million. In addition to the tax shifts, some of the biggest changes will come to MassHealth. The state's expensive Medicaid program is on track to cover 30 percent of the state's population by next year and comprise 40 percent of the state budget. MassHealth will see a spending increase of nearly $1 billion in fiscal year 2018, counting state and federal money. Baker previously announced that he was reinstating and increasing a fee levied on employers who do not offer health insurance. He is also planning to cap the growth in rates paid to high-cost health care providers, implement a five-year moratorium on new coverage mandates and make other changes to slow cost growth. Baker promised during his campaign that as revenues increase, he will increase local aid to cities and towns accordingly. In line with that, he is proposing a $40 million increase, or 3.9 percent, in local government aid. He is proposing another $91 million increase to local education aid. Higher education will see a $10.3 million funding boost, or an increase of 1 percent, of which $5 million will go to the University of Massachusetts. With opioid addiction a continuing concern, Baker is proposing an increase of $1.2 million for an anti-opioid drug trafficking program, to expand the program from nine to 20 communities. He will add 45 beds for men civilly committed for substance abuse problems, at a cost of $1.75 million. He plans to use money that was saved by reducing the number of homeless people in hotels to add 1,000 new rental vouchers for families at risk of becoming homeless. He plans to reform care at Bridgewater State Hospital, for individuals who are confined with mental illness. He will create a new $4 million fund to train people who are unemployed or underemployed with new skills. The Department of Children and Families will get a $27 million increase in funding. The MBTA will get a $187 million subsidy, in addition to the $1 billion it gets in state sales tax money. The state anticipates spending $1 million on new $4,000 tax credits for businesses that hire unemployed veterans. Baker is planning a 2:30 p.m. press conference on the budget. Watch MassLive.com for more details. Active Discussions Most Read Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal problem Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000 additional immigration officers Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call themselves reporters' after Bannon said they're the 'opposition party' Previous Next Suspected cop killer yells 'f*** you' to judge after being given an additional charge of resisting arrest - as he accuses officers of beating him up Accused murderer Markeith Loyd, 41, screamed at an Orlando judge on Wednesday Loyd faced court on an additional charge of resisting arrest without violence He was arrested last week after a week-long manhunt and claims police beat him Loyd is accused of shooting dead Orlando Lt Debra Clayton outside Walmart He has also been charged with killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend  By Emily Crane For Dailymail.com Published: 14:27 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 15:32 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail 17 shares 33 View comments A suspected Florida cop killer yelled 'f*** you' to a judge after being hauled into court to face an additional charge of resisting arrest in relation to the death of a policewoman. Markeith Loyd, 41, faced court at Orange County Jail in Orlando on Wednesday with a bandage over his eye for the third time since he was arrested last week.  The judge told him his bond was set at $500 for his most recent charge of resisting arrest without violence. He is already being held with no bond in relation to the two murder charges.  Scroll down for video  Markeith Loyd, 41, screamed at an Orange County judge in Orlando on Wednesday after he was hauled into court to face an additional charge of resisting arrest  'I'm here for what? Resisting arrest? And this is what happened to me? F*** you,' he yelled at the judge before being escorted away.  The judge replied calmly: 'Have a good day, sir'. Loyd was arrested last week and claims police beat him up after he crawled from an abandoned home where he had been hiding following a nine-day manhunt. He is accused of shooting dead Orlando Lt. Debra Clayton on January 9 outside a Walmart as she tried to apprehend him over the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon on December 13. Police said Loyd resisted arrest and that force was used to bring him in. Loyd lashed out at the judge on Wednesday after his bond was set at $500 for resisting arrest without violence. He is already being held with no bond in relation to the two murder charges Loyd has already face court twice over the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer. He is pictured here attending his initial court appearance last Thursday The most recent charge on Wednesday brings Loyd's total charges to 11 in relation to the two deaths, including murder of a law enforcement officer and attempted first-degree murder with a firearm of a law enforcement officer. It isn't the first time Loyd has lashed out at a judge. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next NYPD mounted cop is suspended from the force after he ‘sent... LAPD officers who shot dead an unarmed mentally ill black... Share this article Share He appeared with his eye bandaged and flanked by two cops last Thursday to hear the murder charges when he screamed 'f*** you' at the judge.    'They done took my eye, broke my nose, broke my jaw,' Loyd complained, swearing as he described crawling out to the road to be arrested.  He is accused of shooting dead Orlando Lt. Debra Clayton on January 9 outside a Walmart as she tried to apprehend him over the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Loyd is also charged with the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon (pictured) 'I crawled out to the mother*****g road, so how did I resist?' he said. 'I didn't resist s***. They just did that s*** and tried to hide it from the news people, but I'm here right now.' Orlando Police released aerial footage of the moment he was arrested, which appears to show an officer kicking the suspect in the face while he was laying on the ground.  Officers said he resisted arrest by not putting his arms behind his back as instructed.  Police said that Loyd (pictured leaving Orlando Police headquarters) resisted arrest and force was used to bring him in Police released aerial footage of the moment Loyd was arrested last week, which appears to show officers kicking him as he laid on the ground Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (33) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having affairs Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... EXCLUSIVE: Women who marched for equality unwittingly handed their personal data to the Communist Party and... 'Life is winning again': Mike Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march a week on from... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments3 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Tripping Virginia bill addresses the scourge of drunken Segway drivers on roads. Yes, you read that right. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Fredrick Kunkle By Fredrick Kunkle January 25 Follow @KunkleFredrick A Virginia state senator has proposed legislation that would ban drunken Segway drivers from the commonwealth’s highways. Drunken bicyclists, too.  Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg Virginia could soon be spared the terrors of drunken Segway drivers. Under a bill proposed by a Fairfax County senator, the battle for safe streets could be taken to any desperado riding a bike, an “electric personal assistive mobility device, electric power-assisted bicycle, or moped” on a highway while intoxicated. Thank goodness, the measure wouldn’t affect people zipping up and down the aisles of Walmart on electric scooters. But when was the last time anyone took a Segway for a spin on the highway, boozed up or otherwise? Come on! And yet this is not a Gob-related subplot in an episode of “Arrested Development.” If passed, offenders would be hit with a Class 2 misdemeanor. That could mean that at least six months in the pokey and a fine of up to $1,000, or both. Lloyd J. “Bud” Vye, the treasurer and advocacy director for the Virginia Biking Federation, said the organization isn’t opposed to the bill – how could they be? But it’s also hard to see that it addresses a real problem. “We don’t see a lot of bicyclists going around intoxicated,” Vye said in an interview Wednesday. “I suppose the ones they found intoxicated were dead and did something stupid.” The bill – which was first held up for some gentle scorn by Virginian-Pilot columnist Kerry Dougherty – is the well-intentioned doing of state Sen. George L. Barker (D) and a group of Fairfax County high school students who helped draft it. [Bikers blow through red light cameras with impunity, NBC4 reports. Firestorm ensues.] The students at Centreville High School who teamed up with Barker to write the bill and other legislation didn’t actually include the stuff about the Segway, Dougherty found. She says that was added by grownups on the General Assembly’s legislative staff. The students were more focused on doing something about drunken bicyclists. But that’s a fear that’s also farfetched. A bigger concern might be why the state that gave us Thomas Jefferson, Patrick Henry and the Bill of Rights would even trifle with nanny laws. Vye said he hopes the bill – which is scheduled to be taken up in committee Wednesday — would slink off to a quiet death, perhaps to join some of the Virginia General Assembly’s other legislative doozies. (Cf. Droopy drawers, “Mark of the Beast” microchip, anatomically correct truck ornaments, etc.) “I can’t visualize an intoxicated person trying to do a Segway,” Vye said.  “I can’t do it sober.” Read more of Tripping: [Oregon lawmaker wants to ban you from driving with Fifi in your lap] [Here’s what flight crews should consider before removing a passenger, DOT says] [Metro had an abysmal 2016. Here’s what riders hope for in 2017] local tripping Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local tripping Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 3 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Fredrick Kunkle runs the Tripping blog, writing about the experience of travel. Freddy's also covered politics, courts, police, and local government. Before coming to The Washington Post, he worked for the Star-Ledger and The Bergen Record. Follow @KunkleFredrick 3 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 March for Life: Pence speaks as thousands assemble at Washington Monument 2 Sen. Franken: No Democrat will vote for Betsy DeVos as education secretary — and we’re seeking Republicans to oppose her 3 A 14-year-old student extorted $28,000 from the teacher he was having sex with, police say 4 Trump ‘will get rid of all of you’: Man allegedly attacks Muslim airline employee 5 Christians, don’t be fooled: Trump has deep religious convictions Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local tripping Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs maintenance tech - woodstock, md Grady Management Inc. part-time human resources generalist Ford Agency finance and accounting associate (833-679) US Pharmacopeia (USP) washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Doctors: ED Caused by "Clog" Easily Cleared by Doing This Home | Hans Baumann Tags: Donald Trump | Financial Markets | Money | morrill | tariff | trade | war Tariff Increases Perilous for US Economy  (Leonid Smirnov/Dreamstime) By Hans Baumann Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 10:12 AM More Posts by Hans Baumann Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    A recent trial balloon was launched by President Trump’s staff, one advocating a drastic U.S. increase in import duties to 25 percent across the board. Such a move would hurt not only China but also other countries, like Japan and Europe — and would lead to drastic price increases in consumer goods sold at Wal-Mart. More seriously, it would lead to an open trade war with disastrous consequences for the world economy. During its history the U.S. has taken similar steps with unforeseen catastrophic results. In the 19th century, the eastern seaboard states tried to protect their own fledgling industry from cheaper and sometimes better manufactured goods from England. The apparently simple solution was to impose a 35 percent import tariff on British goods as proposed by Rep. Justin Smith Morrill, of Vermont. On March 2,1861, this law was adopted during the administration of Pres. James Buchanan, a Democrat. It passed Congress and was signed into law by the newly elected President Lincoln the day after his inauguration. However, the Morrill Tariff turned out to be an economic disaster for the Southern states which for years relied on a type of barter trade: selling cotton to England and, in turn, imported machinery from England. All of a sudden this whole economic system collapsed due to the suddenly high prices for British goods. In desperation, the Southern states decided to seceded from the North as the only way to get rid of the Morill Tariff. As we all know, the result was a terrible civil war in which close to a million people perished. In 1929 the U.S. government tried a similar tactic to stimulate the U.S. economy, which then was in a recession caused by the collapse of the U.S. stock market. Partly in desperation (the U.S. unemployment rate was 25 percent) Congress, in 1930, passed the Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act raising the import traffic on 20,000 imported items to record levels in order to stem the developing depression. This in turn caused a retaliatory action by our trading partners resulting in a worldwide economic depression. The world’s GDP decreased by 15 percent. From this depression the U.S. only fully recovered after World War II. Mr. President, please read this. If you have to raise customs tariffs do it slowly and gradually. A reduction in corporate income taxes would be much more effective for the economy. Hans Baumann is a licensed engineer in four states and a member of Sigma Xi, the Scientific Research Society. He is an adviser to the dean of the University of New Hampshire Business School. Baumann has published manuals on valves and was a contributor to many works including the "Instrument Engineers' Handbook" and the "Control Valves Handbook." He has also published several books on business management and German history. His book "Hitler's Escape," suggests that Adolf Hitler did not commit suicide and survived World War II. For more of his reports, Go Here Now More Posts by Hans Baumann GDP Provides Valuable Lessons in Economy, History Afghan Oil Pipeline Bad Investment for US The Truth About Green Energy More Newsmax Blogs: Fred Fleitz: Trump Should Shred Iran Deal During Netanyahu's Visit Dr. Alveda C. King: Fair and Balanced Should Rule Anti-Abortion Coverage David Ignatius: Trump Determined to Overturn the Established Order © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share HansBaumann A trial balloon was launched by President Trump’s staff, one advocating a drastic U.S. 25 percent increase in import duties. This would lead to drastic price increases in consumer goods sold. More seriously, it would lead to an open trade war with disastrous global economic consequences. morrill, tariff, trade, war 488 Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 10:12 AM 2017-12-25 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like More Most Commented Trump Wants 20 Percent Tax to Pay for Border Wall Thursday, 26 Jan 2017 | 795 comments Silly you! If I am a company who will have to pay a tax on an import, I am... White House Says Media Delegitimizing Trump, Won't 'Take It' Sunday, 22 Jan 2017 | 754 comments Thank you Mr. President. You are addressing the Lame Stream Media the way... Sean Spicer Rips 'Irresponsible and Reckless' Inaugural News Coverage Sunday, 22 Jan 2017 | 723 comments The Riot Act has been read ! Two times now the Main Slime Media has been... On Trump's Second Day, Thousands of Women to March in DC in Protest Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 823 comments President Bill Clinton assaulted and raped over 20 women and not a peep... Madonna: 'I Have Thought an Awful Lot about Blowing up the White House' Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 770 comments If she in fact said this, then the FBI should bring her in for... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›SME Sector 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Lessons in supplier diversity India can pick up from American experience By Naren Karunakaran, ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 26, 2017, 12.08 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » supplier diversity | Milind Kamble | income disparities | Dalit India Chamber of Commerce and Industries | Dalit enterprise | Dalit capitalism Contracts to disadvantaged businesses exceeded the 5% goal, reaching 10.06% ($35.4 billion.) The question is what makes the US initiative tick? Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage Dalit capitalism and rise of Dalit enterprise have often been celebrated. Yet, a key policy initiative designed for the fraternity is floundering — namely, the preferential public procurement policy, enacted in 2012 and made mandatory from 2015-16. According to the policy, at least 20% of annual purchase of products and services by the Union government has to come from small and medium enterprises (SMEs); 4% within this quota being for scheduled caste (SC) and scheduled tribe (ST) enterprises. In 2015-16, public procurement from SC/ST was a measly 0.39%. “Preferential public procurement acquired a serious tone only after the mandatory period kicked in,” says Manoj Joshi, joint secretary (SME), ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises. “We are closely monitoring performance now on.” A performance-appraisal system for officers, linked to procurement targets, is also in place. So what is preferential public procurement or supplier diversity and why is its sustenance important for India? Supplier Diversity Supplier diversity measures are largely about embracing disadvantaged business enterprises into company supply chains. When a government department or company is the buyer or contracting agency, it is characterised as preferential public procurement. It can take the form of quotas or goals. In the US, 23% of all federal contracting dollars are expected to be awarded to small businesses, even more than the Indian 20%. There, it is characterised as a ‘goal’ to be achieved, not a quota or reservation. Sub-goals are stipulated — 5% for disadvantaged businesses (minorities; African-Americans, Asians, Hispanics, native Americans); 5% for women-owned businesses; 3% for disabled veterans and 3% for those in historically underutilised business (HUB) zones; these zones are what we would call backward regions. In 2015, the US Federal government awarded the highest proportion of contracting dollars to small businesses: 25.75% of spend totaling $90.7 billion. Contracts to disadvantaged businesses exceeded the 5% goal, reaching 10.06% ($35.4 billion.) The question is what makes the US initiative tick? Supplier diversity was incorporated as policy as early as the 1970s in the US; it has had time to evolve. Private companies are a participant in the process, by law. “We work in both private and public domains. The government leads the way, and guess what? The private sector follows. The same goals transfer to them,” says Alejandra Castillo, director, Minority Business Development Agency (MBDA), specialist agency of the US Department of Commerce entrusted with extending economic opportunities to minorities. US government departments, especially the Department of Defence, and some of the largest corporations do the heavy- lifting in supplier diversity. In India, the entire responsibility has been passed on to central public sector enterprises. Little has been done to engage big spending ministries such as defence and the Railways or encourage the private sector. Only the Tata group has a meaningful approach to supplier diversity. In contrast, multinationals in the US swear by supplier diversity. Ford, GM, Nestle, IBM, Walmart, Apple — all members of the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC), a not-for-prof it platform — have contributed to creation of a vibrant ecosystem with annual spend of over $100 billion with minority businesses. Renee Jones, director, supply chain development, Ford Motor Co, explains the rationale. “Entrepreneurship can usher in equality faster in society.” Ford, feted as a supplier diversity champion in the US, has purchased $93 billion of goods and services from African-American and other minority businesses since it started engaging with them in the late 1970s. In a macro sense, therefore, supplier diversity can be a tool for equitable economic development and can also help reduce ugly wealth and income disparities. In India, inequality is only worsening. A 2017 Oxfam study reveals 1% of Indians own 58% of national wealth. In 2000, they owned 36.8% of the wealth. How It Started Although many corporations have taken to diversity measures, it was governmental diktat, as hinted by MBDA’s Castillo, that made it happen. (She quit as director on January 20, the day of Donald Trump’s presidential inauguration.) US public law 95-507 enacted in 1978, in one stroke, brought swathes of the private sector directly into the supplier diversity fold. This game-changing law states that any company that bids for federal contracts exceeding $500,000 has to submit a ‘subcontracting plan’ for utilisation of minority businesses. It’s integral to the bidding process, not an add on or afterthought. The law on the 23% goal, and sub-goals, came much later, in 1997. The emphasis on ‘sub-contracting’ has clearly enabled the concept of supplier diversity to gain critical mass in the US. On the other hand, sub-contracting has no prominence in the Indian scheme of things. The policy ignores the fact that a bulk of Dalit entrepreneurs just don’t have the capacity to be prime contractors and that it would be prudent to bring them in at the tier II level and allow them to gain contracting experience. Milind Kamble, chairman, Dalit India Chamber of Commerce and Industries (DICCI), says, “I started my civil construction business as a sub- contractor to a large and successful railways contractor who offloaded bit jobs to me. He was my mentor of sorts.” His recollection only serves to underline the need for a gradual mainstreaming of such enterprises. In the US, the system is ingrained. Mature corporations now declare a ‘business case’ for supplier diversity. Reginald E Humphrey who drives supplier diversity and global purchasing at General Motors, indicates African-Americans clearly betray a preference for GM vehicles because of its engagement with the community for decades. Unilever, personal care products corporation, is a new member of NMSDC. Many others are keen to join. Symbiotic Gains What prompts this influx is something as prosaic as consumer dollars. The current buying power of African-Americans is around $1,000 billion and is expected to touch $ 1,300 billion this year. By 2043, minorities in the US are expected to be the majority population. In India, there is no robust study on buying power of Dalits but a burgeoning Dalit middle class, seen from a consumer prism, can be quite attractive. Interestingly, very few of the US multinationals who are champions of supplier diversity are keen on bringing the concept to India. A governmental nudge is perhaps required, just as in the US. It is not just the federal government that is pushing supplier diversity. It is happening at city levels too. In 2015, the city of Philadelphia, for instance, awarded 30.6% ($290.4 million) of its annual contracting budget of $951 million to minorities-women-disabled business enterprises. In India, apart from stipulating a quota, policy measures are largely focused on access to capital. In the US, access to capital is definitely addressed for it is one of the biggest challenges faced by small businesses. Last year, the Small Business Administration (SBA) approved loans totaling $ 27.8 billion. But capital is only one necessity; an entrepreneur is handicapped by lack of myriad capacities to either launch or run a successful business. Over 5,000 weak minority firms are being put through a capacity building regimen that lasts nine years. They are even offered small ‘no-bid’ or ‘single- source’ projects to help learn order execution. SBA, MBDA and NMSDC have fostered a unique facilitating framework. Issues from the very basics — certification of a minority business, training, management education, to helping explore foreign markets — are on the agenda. Two such initiatives stand out — the Mentor-Protégé Programme and the Small Business Development Center (SBDC) network. A Hand to Hold SBA’s Mentor-Protégé Programme enables handholding of small minority firms by large businesses. Mentors can enter into joint ventures with a protégé firm to compete for federal contracts and also invest in such firms (limited to 40% of equity holding). “Over 200 joint ventures have been created and we monitor them closely,” says Stanley Jones Jr, director, management and technical assistance at SBA, indicating that such an arrangement may be prone to misuse. Nonetheless, today, Bridgewater Interiors, a minority JV, is the top manufacturer of automotive seating systems in the US. The SBDC network of 1,000 centres is a partnership between the government and various stakeholders, especially management schools. These centres extend management and technical assistance, mostly free of cost, for minority entrepreneurs. An impact statement says it all: a new business is opened by an SBDC in-depth client every 33 minutes, a new job created every 7 minutes, $100,000 in new sales generated every 4 minutes and $100,000 in capital obtained every 15 minutes. “The building of bridges between entrepreneurs and the larger system is critical,” explains Michael Banks, president, African-American Chamber of Commerce of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware. “I may be standing on an oil well right now but if I don’t know how to access it, it’s a missed opportunity.” Does this mean the supplier diversity ecosystem that has emerged doesn’t have its downsides? Even in the US, there are implementation glitches galore. For instance, in the City of Philadelphia, utilization of white women- owned business is the highest. Black activists indicate many of these firms are fronts for white males. Activists also point to the private sector, NMSDC members, record of $ 100 billion annual spends with minority businesses and the resultant creation of a small band of minority elite. They point out to a ‘club’ of just around 200 minority companies that account for $50 billion-plus in spend. Flaws and distortions notwithstanding, the supplier diversity ecosystem in the US has had an undisputable positive impact on the well-being of minority communities. India has a lot to learn from the US experience, the key being: Build capacities of SC/ST entrepreneurs through an ecosystem approach by creating broad stakeholder coalitions Involve the private sector and sub-contract to generate a buzz and acquire critical mass in supplier diversity Make it mandatory Change the existing approach from topdown to stirring up the grassroots, the municipal bodies. (The writer was Fall 2016 Visiting Fellow at the Center for the Advanced Study of India (CASI), University of Pennsylvania) Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » supplier diversity | Milind Kamble | income disparities | Dalit India Chamber of Commerce and Industries | Dalit enterprise | Dalit capitalism To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Here's why Cisco paid a whopping $3.7 billion to AppDynamics 24 hours before IPO, how CISCO acquired Jyoti Bansal's AppDynamics for $3.7 billion Indian techie Jyoti Bansal sells his company to Cisco for $3.7 billion Why companies like Microsoft and Cisco pumping millions of dollars into their startup accelerator programmes UK spy agency hires Indian startup for cybersecurity programme More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings - 01:12 Alexa versus Siri - 01:53 Mexico tariffs could hurt Americans - 01:40 Goldbean's Jane Barratt on the winners and losers of Trump's first week - 03:22 The ups and down of trading with Trump - 01:51 Breakingviews TV: Trump's GDP dilemma - 05:46 Cuba launches exports to U.S. - 01:08 Euro zone leaders talk banking rules, unity - 01:37 U.S. growth slows - 01:22 Abe preps for Trump talks after America's TPP exit - 01:23 Apple and Amazon battle to control our homes - 02:13 BT boss tries to reconnect with investors - 01:29 China: Trade war with U.S. is a lose-lose scenario Wednesday, January 25, 2017 - 02:04 Chinese state media argue a trade war between China and the United States would harm both countries, reflecting concerns over the protectionist stance taken by new U.S. President Donald Trump. Ryan Brooks reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Beijing's state-run mouthpiece painting a trade war with Washington as a lose-lose situation on Wednesday (January 25). An editorial in the overseas edition of the People's Daily warning Donald Trump that both sides would suffer if that's what it came to. The U.S. president has been leveling his economic sights at Beijing as part of his "America First" policy. And as Reuters Sue-lin Wong reports, some experts believe there's truth in the line from Beijing. (SOUNDBITE) (English) REUTERS CHINA ECONOMICS CORRESPONDENT, SUE-LIN WONG, SAYING: "President Trump has threatened to slap a 45% tax on Chinese imports. But economists say that this could really hurt American consumers. For example a lot of Wal-Mart's products could come from China. And so a tax on these kinds of products into the U.S. could be passed down to the American consumer. Another example popular among economists are iPhones. If there was a tax to be put on iPhones, because they're coming from China, that also would mean that the price of iPhones in the U.S. would go up. The flipside is that China is the world's most populous country, with 1.4 billion customers, a market that U.S. companies really can't afford to ignore, and so any kind of trade war would also impact U.S. multinationals." A separate state media editorial went beyond business, too, trying to make the case that backing off free trade could hurt America's political place in the world. (SOUNDBITE) (English) REUTERS CHINA ECONOMICS CORRESPONDENT, SUE-LIN WONG, SAYING: "The Global Times, which is a state-run tabloid, made the argument today that if the U.S., as the world's most powerful country and main rulemaker, cannot benefit from the existing world order, then it is not going to benefit from a more chaotic one, which is the direction Trump is heading in." China's ambassador to Washington went one step further Wednesday, telling state media China cannot take over as the sole global leader writing the rules of trade. But after Trump dramatically pulled out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership on Monday, some argue that's what it could end up becoming, whether it likes it or not. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2jfy88w <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=370994222" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close China: Trade war with U.S. is a lose-lose scenario Wednesday, January 25, 2017 - 02:04 Top News » Trump signs order to bar some refugees;... 7:11am IST - (1:34) Anti-abortion activists fired up in Washington... 3:07am IST - (1:46) Hindus wade into the Ganges for 'no moon day' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) French, German leaders visit site of Berlin... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:54) Putin-Trump phone call to take place Saturday Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:31) Gambia's president makes a triumphant return... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:34) Top level State Dept. officers forced out Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:12) New challenges facing an old 'special... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:48) Trump keen to discuss a TPP alternative with... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:14) Mexico Foreign Minister: paying for wall meant... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Mexico: Trump's wall tax would cost U.S.... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Doomsday Clock ticks closer to midnight Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:50) Rough Cuts » Mudslides slams car into truck, killing... 7:10am IST - (0:40) Trump signs order for rebuilding of military,... 3:47am IST - (1:25) Mexico has "made us look foolish": Trump 12:24am IST - (1:37) Haley presents credentials to U.N. chief... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:43) 'Life is winning again': Pence to... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:27) Trump: Brexit "wonderful" for UK 12:16am IST - (1:00) Trump on Putin: "I hope we have a fantastic... 12:06am IST - (2:03) Trump meets with UK's May at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:38) UK's May arrives at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:34) Miss Universe's preliminary show starts in... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:17) Pro-lifers gather in D.C. to march against... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:40) UK's May lays wreath at Tomb of the Unknowns Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:07) Technology » Car parks could become 'lungs of the city' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:11) Scientists see a mind controlled virtual... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (2:26) Snow chains for your car that switch on and... Wed, 25 Jan, 2017 - (1:24) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) Three arrested for Facebook Live 'gang-rape' Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) The drone that could herald the end of selfie... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (2:03) Wheat grain size boosted by synthetic chemical Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:16) Understanding your pet's emotions with... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Samsung blames batteries for exploding... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:21) Digital entrapment for SMEs at every turn Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:49) Oddly Enough » Meet the priest who's also a powerlifting pro Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:58) Japan sumo champ Kisenosato honoured at Tokyo... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Tycoon brings beauty to Manila amid ugly drug... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:01) Indian snake charmers struggle to keep trade... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Man bites roommate's ear off over Trump fear Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Farmers spray milk powder on EU Council to... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (0:52) Spider milking time at the zoo, all to save... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:45) Animal tech firm combines fashion with health Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:37) Flamenco venue celebrates its 60th anniversary Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (2:07) China's Silk Road hits London for Lunar New... Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Finnish gallery opens exhibition by Juuso the... Wed, 18 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Puppies pound the gridiron for the 13th annual... Tue, 17 Jan, 2017 - (1:29) Entertainment » The red carpet for the Screen Actors Guild... 3:53am IST - (1:13) Iranian actress boycotts Oscars over Trump... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) Kasabian headline Reading and Leeds festivals Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:05) Willie Nelson cancels shows due to illness Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:36) Ryan Gosling and Damien Chazelle bring 'La La... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:16) Shia LaBeouf returns to anti-Trump performance... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Iconic war movie 'Apocalypse Now' getting its... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Madonna says Malawi adoption rumours are... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:57) Sundance doc puts focus on 2022 World Cup... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:49) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Emmy-winning actress Mary Tyler Moore dies at... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad HP recalls 101,000 laptop batteries amid further fears of fires and overheating Expansion of June 2016 recall, which involved HP recalling 41,000 batteries Brands include HP, Compaq, ProBook, Envy, Compaq Presario and Pavilion  Battery packs sold separately are also affected By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 13:17 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 14:58 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail 55 shares 3 View comments HP has announced a massive recall of laptop batteries amid fears they could overheat and explode.  The company is recalling an additional 101,000 batteries in laptops sold between March 2013 through October 2016. The batteries are in laptop brands including HP, Compaq, ProBook, Envy, Compaq Presario and Pavilion laptops, and battery packs sold separately are also affected. Scroll down for video The company is recalling an additional 101,000 batteries in laptops sold between March 2013 through October 2016. The batteries are in laptop brands including HP, Compaq, ProBook, Envy, Compaq Presario and Pavilion laptops, and battery packs sold separately are also affected. 'The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards,' a warning on the US government's site said. This is an expansion of the recall initiated in June 2016, which involved HP's recalling 41,000 batteries. Batteries are being recalled in the U.S, Canada and Mexico.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Will Samsung's Galaxy S8 come with a PEN? Leaked video... The mission that could save Earth from a doomsday asteroid... Feeling down? Take off all your clothes: Being naked makes... Life goes on in the body after death: Creepy study reveals... Share this article Share 55 shares Most are in the U.S., while 3,000 are being recalled in Canada, and 4,000 in Mexico.  The laptops were sold through big-box retailers and online. Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and authorized dealers nationwide and online at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October 2016 sold them for between $300 and $1,700.  'On January 24, in cooperation with various government regulatory agencies, HP is announcing the expansion of a June 2016 worldwide voluntary safety recall and replacement program for certain notebook computer batteries,' the firm said. 'Less than 1% of all HP notebook computers sold during this timeframe contained an affected battery.  'HP will provide a replacement battery for each verified, affected battery, at no cost.' ARE YOU AFFECTED?  The black batteries measure about 8 to 10.5 inches long, 2 inches wide and about 1 inch high.  The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery.  'HP Notebook Battery' and the model number are printed on the battery.  The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. Users can also download software from HP's recall website to check if the battery qualifies for a recall.  In the U.S., users can call HP customer service at 1-888-202-4320 to request a replacement battery. The batteries were also sold separately for between $50 and $90.  'This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers,' the Consumer Product Safety Division said.  'The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. ' It said HP has received one additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage It warns consumers to  immediately stop using the recalled batteries, remove them from the notebook computers and contact HP for a free replacement battery.  Batteries are being recalled in the U.S, Canada and Mexico. 'Until a replacement battery is received, consumers should use the notebook computer by plugging it into AC power only,' it says.  Users can easily check if their battery is eligible for recall. The batteries are black and should have the bar codes 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL or 6EBVA printed on the back of the battery. Users can also download software from HP's recall website to check if the battery qualifies for a recall.  In the U.S., users can call HP customer service at 1-888-202-4320 to request a replacement battery.     Read more: HP Notebook Computer Battery Safety Recall and Replacement Program Share or comment on this article e-mail 55 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... HE'S FIRED! Trump administration tells Border Patrol... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What to do in a nuclear attack: As the world edges closer to doomsday, experts reveal their tips for... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES Finally! iPhone users can now send WhatsApp messages OFFLINE: Here’s how to do it MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having affairs Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  100 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 32° Cloudy High: 40° | Low: 25° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted January 25 Updated January 25 increase font size Morning Sentinel Jan. 25 police log Waterville area police reports for Jan. 25, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN ANSON, Tuesday at 4:27 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Horseback Road. 9:51 p.m., a harassment complaint was taken on Valley Road. IN CARRABASSETT VALLEY, Tuesday at 9:07 p.m., a road hazard was reported on Village on the Green Road. IN CLINTON, Tuesday at 7:44 p.m., suspicious activity was reported at Bellsqueeze and Battle Ridge roads. 10:56 p.m., a traffic hazard was reported on Baker Street. IN CORNVILLE, Tuesday at 12:06 p.m., a fire was reported on Spurwink Lane. Wednesday at 1:01 a.m., breaking and entering was reported on Molunkus Road. IN DETROIT, Tuesday at 9:28 p.m., a fire was reported on River Road. IN FAIRFIELD, Tuesday at 5:24 p.m., an intoxicated person was reported on Center Street. 10:22 p.m., a complaint was taken on Osborne Street. Wednesday at 2:29 a.m., loud noise or music was reported on Cottage Street. IN FARMINGTON, Tuesday at 8:55 p.m., a road hazard was reported on Bridge Street. IN NEWPORT, Tuesday at 9:54 p.m., a harassment complaint was taken on Sebasticook Avenue. IN OAKLAND, Tuesday at 3:19 p.m., fraud or forgery was reported on Lakeview Drive. 5:45 p.m., an unwanted person was reported on Town Farm Road. 8:51 p.m., a traffic hazard was reported on Pleasant Street. IN PITTSFIELD, Tuesday at 11:56 a.m., a scam was reported on Cianchette Street. IN SKOWHEGAN, Tuesday at 10:22 p.m., theft was reported on West Front Street. 12:48 p.m., threatening was reported on Waterville Road. IN SOLON, Tuesday at 8:53 p.m., a bail or protection order violation was reported on McCarty Road. IN STRONG, Tuesday at 6:51 p.m., a structure fire was reported on Church Hill Road. IN WATERVILLE, Tuesday at 6:51 a.m., a domestic dispute was reported on Gold Street. 11:48 a.m., theft was reported at Colby College. 2:32 p.m., harassment was reported on Silver Street. 4:11 p.m., a drug offense was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 5:38 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Bruins Drive. 5:50 p.m., a traffic hazard was reported on West River Road. 6:26 p.m., a traffic hazard was reported on Western Avenue. 7:09 p.m., a report of a domestic dispute led to an arrest on King Court. 7:40 p.m., threatening was reported on Elm Street. 8 p.m., a noise complaint was taken on Autumn Street. 8:44 p.m., a report of a domestic dispute led to an arrest on College Avenue. 8:56 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Celtics Drive. 9:06 p.m., a noise complaint was taken on Elm Street. 10:24 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Silver Place. 10:25 p.m., a report of suspicious activity led to an arrest on Silver Street. Wednesday at 12:17 a.m., a report of a domestic dispute led to an arrest on Gold Street. 7:46 a.m., a vehicle fire was reported on Carle Street. IN WINSLOW, Tuesday at 1:12 p.m., harassment was reported on Bellevue Street. 2:52 p.m., a traffic hazard was reported at Benton and Clinton avenues. 6:39 p.m., harassment was reported on Clinton Avenue. 7:34 p.m., a traffic hazard was reported at China Road and Carter Memorial Drive. ARRESTS IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Tuesday at 2:36 p.m., Robert Mann, 59, of Skowhegan, was arrested on charges of terrorizing with a dangerous weapon and criminal threatening with a dangerous weapon. 10:19 p.m., Jessica E. Frederick, 32, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a charge of violating a condition of release. IN WATERVILLE, Tuesday at 7:30 p.m., Adam Kasevich, 45, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of criminal mischief. 8:05 p.m., Christopher Paquette, 45, of Fairfield, was arrested on four warrants. 10:58 p.m., Ashlyn Laliberte, 20, of Waterville was arrested on a warrant. 9:15 p.m., Humberto Rodriguez, 30, of Waterville, was arrested on charges of domestic violence assault and criminal restraint. Wednesday at 1:30 a.m., Thomas C. Gagne, 30, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of aggravated assault. SUMMONSES IN FAIRFIELD, Tuesday at 5:24 p.m.,Theodore Albert Bryant, 62, of Winthrop, was issued a summons on a charge of operating under the influence. IN WATERVILLE, Tuesday at 7:31 a.m., Mark D. Fairman, 60, of Waterville, was issued a summons on a charge of attaching false plates. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Recent Read Shared Gardiner basketball posts stunning comeback against Oxford Hills Local roundup: Maranacook boys basketball rallies by Spruce Mountain Cony boys basketball overpowers Lawrence Local roundup: Lawrence girls basketball cruises past Cony Strong guard play carries Belfast past Nokomis Two arrested after Waterville drug deal gone bad leads to wounds Palmyra man charged with possessing child pornography Madison man arrested on heroin charges after drug raid Teenager charged with setting fire to Cornville barn Winslow school bus veers off road into ditch Breastfeeding pilots' claims against airline seen as progress NTSB says truck damaged track before Amtrak train derailed in Kansas These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps N.C. judge scolds woman for breast-feeding in court More mouths than ever to feed at Skowhegan Community Food Cupboard Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Colorado Classic to revive pro cycling in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Shevchenko headlines UFC Denver Fixing Broncos O-line Australian Open update APS budget cuts New Denver skyscraper Denver weather Sports Cycling Colorado Classic to revive pro cycling in Colorado with stops in Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver Men’s and women’s pro cycling races, amateur events, music and festivals set for Aug. 10-13, 2017 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Jason Blevins | jblevins@denverpost.com | The Denver Post PUBLISHED: January 25, 2017 at 5:00 am | UPDATED: January 25, 2017 at 8:03 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Bill to let bicyclists roll through stop signs gains speed, but there are roadblocks ahead Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban Professional road cyclists will race through Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver next summer during the Colorado Classic, an event organizers hope will be more durable than its predecessors. The Aug. 10-13 stage race — with pro cycling’s highest profile teams, a two-day women’s race, public riding events, live music and a rolling festival — will blend the best elements of Colorado’s lost Red Zinger Bicycle Classic, the Coors Classic and the USA Pro Challenge. “Sustainability is the goal here,” said David Koff, the chief of RPM Events Group, an investment team that includes Denver’s Gart family and local philanthropist Ben Walton, grandson of Walmart founder Sam Walton. The Colorado Classic — with specific details still pending — will be the latest iteration of professional cycling in the bike-loving Centennial State and the U.S., where stage racing has struggled to thrive. It will marry the spectator-friendly urban criterium circuits of the long-gone Red Zinger and Coors Classic with the Pro Challenge’s television-friendly traverses of Colorado’s high country. The four-day race will feature 18 domestic and international, six-man teams racing 300 miles in circuits that start and finish in the same location. The women’s race will begin in Colorado Springs on Aug. 10 and conclude the following night under lights in Denver. The men on Aug. 11 will race a second stage in Breckenridge and the third-and-fourth stages will begin and end in Denver’s River North Art District. Like the Pro Challenge, the Colorado Classic has been designated by cycling’s governing body, the UCI, as 2.HC, the highest rating outside of UCI World Tour races like the Tour de France. The Colorado Classic joins the May 14-21 Amgen Tour of California, the July 31-Aug. 6 Tour of Utah and the inaugural Aug. 24-27 Tour of the Commonwealth in Virginia as the country’s highest profile professional bike races. “Coloradans love pro bike racing,” said Derek Bouchard-Hall, the chief of USA Cycling, in a statement. “We’re extremely pleased that the Colorado Classic will continue the state’s proud tradition with both men’s and women’s events.” Related Articles January 25, 2017 Will Colorado Classic bike race find “sustainability” secret that eluded predecessors? More information about race routes through Denver, Colorado Springs and Breckenridge, as well as musical acts, public participation events and the traveling festival will come soon, Koff said. Those specifics will reveal how the Colorado Classic will defy a national trend that has seen all but two U.S. multi-stage professional bike races die. The viability of the Colorado Classic “will be apparent” when those details emerge, Koff said. “We have focused on all elements on the cost side to try to make this more sustainable.” One of those elements is public participation. In the coming weeks, RPM will announce amateur events that coincide with the elite race. “We think that’s an exciting way to help connect pro cycling with your average daily cyclist,” Koff said. “It fits with our investors’ approach. We view this as a large-scale community event with participation being a major part of that.” Koff said the RPM team is “well on our way” to securing television coverage of the race, an essential yet pricey ingredient for success. International event coverage of the Pro Challenge splashed images of Colorado’s high country across millions of television screens worldwide, helping elevate host cities like Aspen, Vail, Steamboat, Breckenridge and Denver as a destination for coveted international tourists. “We  expect to have the same type of coverage that similar races have had in the last five years,” Koff said. Helen H. Richardson, The Denver PostThe peloton makes its way down Ute Pass Road heading towards Silverthorne in Stage 2 of the USA Pro Challenge from Steamboat Springs on Aug. 18, 2015. The race started in Steamboat Springs and ended at Arapahoe Basin. The Pro Challenge debuted in Colorado in 2011, with local benefactors Rick and Richard Schaden covering a nearly $10 million loss that first year. By 2015, a team of deep-pocketed sponsors — like Lexus, UnitedHealthcare and Pepsi — helped stem the losses of the statewide production. But the race still foundered, despite luring a reported 1 million spectators and delivering more than $130 million in economic impact to the state. The Pro Challenge pushed big crowds into host communities that enjoyed robust bumps in tourist spending that lingers even without the race. Local organizers see that as a sign that the Pro Challenge boosted Colorado’s profile as a cycling destination. The Schadens ceded ownership of the race in 2015 but Pro Challenge chief Shawn Hunter was unable to keep it afloat, giving rise to the RPM Events Group. Ken Gart, the governor’s unpaid boss of all things bike in Colorado, organized the group with hopes of cherry-picking the successful elements of the Pro Challenge minus the crippling cost of producing a race that roams several hundred miles of Colorado roadways. “I can’t wait to once again show off this wonderful state to the world during the Colorado Classic,” Gart said in a statement. “The Colorado Classic is being developed to appeal to not just cycling fans but a wide array of Coloradans and visitors to the state.” Tags:  Colorado Classic Ken Gart Richard Schaden Rick Schaden USA Pro Challenge Jason Blevins Jason Blevins covers tourism, mountain business, skiing and outdoor adventure sports for both the business and sports sections at The Denver Post, which he joined in 1997. He skis, pedals, paddles and occasionally boogies in the hills and is just as inspired by the lively entrepreneurial spirit that permeates Colorado's high country communities as he is by the views. Follow Jason Blevins @jasonblevins Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Cycling Will Colorado Classic bike race find “sustainability” secret that eluded predecessors? January 25, 2017, 8:04 pm That’s the watchword of the new Colorado Classic, coming to Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver, Aug. 10-13, with circuit races at each venue. Colorado cyclist overcame depression and suicidal thoughts riding across America, now hopes to ride across Russia January 22, 2017, 4:49 pm With no job, few prospects for finding one and a family history of depression, Matt Carnal overcame the darkness he felt seven years ago by riding across America on a bike. Wheat Ridge looking to experiment with pedicab service for seniors January 04, 2017, 10:53 am The Wheat Ridge Active Transportation Advisory Team searches for funding to build a pedicab that will increase mobile accessibility. 105-year-old Frenchman sets cycling record January 04, 2017, 2:27 pm SAINT-QUENTIN-EN-YVELINES, France (AP) — Nearly a century ago, Robert Marchand was told by a coach that he should give up cycling because he would never achieve anything on a bike. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections 2016 Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime January 25, 2017 12:27 PM ‘Grandson’ scam robs victims of combined $16,000 i By Lori Falce lfalce@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Two state police barracks are reporting Centre County grandparents have been victimized by very similar telephone scams. Around 1:30 p.m. on Jan. 19, Samuel and Shirley Gates, of Howard, got a call from a man claiming to be their grandson. He said he was in a crash and had injured someone else. He needed $6,000 to pay his attorney. He didn’t want cash or a check, and didn’t want the money sent through Western Union. He wanted the money in Wal-Mart and Target gift cards. About 20 hours later, it happened again. It was 9:50 a.m. Friday when an 80-year-old Philipsburg grandma got a similar call. This “grandson” said he was being held by police and needed $10,000 in Target gift cards to be released. Philipsburg state police said the woman bought the cards and promptly turned over the information on the phone to the person she thought was her grandson. “The actor(s) spent all of the money on the gift cards and the victim wasn’t reimbursed for the money she had given to the unknown actor(s),” police said in a press release. Investigations into both cases are ongoing. According to Centre County District Attorney Stacy Parks Miller, it’s just a variation on a scam that has been used for a long time. “People should remember that no reputable lawyer or bail agency would ever ask for money in the form of gift cards, so that is a clear sign it is a scam,” she said. The solution, Parks Miller said, is recognizing it for what it is and making sure the elderly are aware of the danger. “We need to talk about this with our elderly friends and make them aware,” she said. “I would also hope that with this scam going around that shop owners and employees might simply mention this scam to older persons who are buying unusually high amounts of gift cards, especially at strange places like Dairy Queen or Game Stop, etc. This could help an unknowing participant in a scam realize it before it is too late for them.” Other scams in the area have used gift cards, such as Green Dot prepaid debit cards and even iTunes gift cards. Some have used the grandparent angle while others have insisted the victim had outstanding warrants or IRS debt. In early January, the Centre County Sheriff’s Department issued a warning after the agency’s name was being used by scammers. “We all need to look out for our neighbor because these crimes are very hard to prove and unfortunately often there is no recourse for victims,” Parks Miller said. Lori Falce: 814-235-3910, @LoriFalce Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:16 Bellefonte Area students run Life Skills Cafe Pause 3:52 Penn State's Cael Sanderson reflects on winning the NCAA Championship 1:00 Pedro Rivera speaks at STEM meeting 1:43 Avoid Tanning Beds to Prevent Skin Cancer 1:33 Students hold #NotMyPresident protest at Penn State 2:19 Superfan man cave is a shrine to Pittsburgh Steelers 2:24 Penn State wrestling's Sanderson excited for season 3:47 Penn State freshman improvises 'If I Ain’t Got You' 1:22 Commuter train crashes into FedEx truck 1:48 What it's like approaching Pluto - NASA releases breathtaking video Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 days ago Police respond to reported shooting 0:26 11 days ago Police respond to reported shooting 1:30 6 months ago State College's new police chief shares law enforcement philosophy 1:07 9 months ago Jerry Sandusky speaks out entering the Centre County Courthouse View more video Crime Shull resentenced to 45-90 months Police investigating alleged methamphetamine bust, searching for suspect Woman was a medical assistant. Now she’s facing drug charges. Man assaulted woman, giving her ‘obvious injuries,’ police say Philipsburg man faces multiple firearms charges Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Colorado Classic to revive pro cycling in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Shevchenko headlines UFC Denver Fixing Broncos O-line Australian Open update APS budget cuts New Denver skyscraper Denver weather Sports Cycling Colorado Classic to revive pro cycling in Colorado with stops in Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver Men’s and women’s pro cycling races, amateur events, music and festivals set for Aug. 10-13, 2017 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Jason Blevins | jblevins@denverpost.com | The Denver Post PUBLISHED: January 25, 2017 at 5:00 am | UPDATED: January 25, 2017 at 8:03 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Bill to let bicyclists roll through stop signs gains speed, but there are roadblocks ahead Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban Professional road cyclists will race through Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver next summer during the Colorado Classic, an event organizers hope will be more durable than its predecessors. The Aug. 10-13 stage race — with pro cycling’s highest profile teams, a two-day women’s race, public riding events, live music and a rolling festival — will blend the best elements of Colorado’s lost Red Zinger Bicycle Classic, the Coors Classic and the USA Pro Challenge. “Sustainability is the goal here,” said David Koff, the chief of RPM Events Group, an investment team that includes Denver’s Gart family and local philanthropist Ben Walton, grandson of Walmart founder Sam Walton. The Colorado Classic — with specific details still pending — will be the latest iteration of professional cycling in the bike-loving Centennial State and the U.S., where stage racing has struggled to thrive. It will marry the spectator-friendly urban criterium circuits of the long-gone Red Zinger and Coors Classic with the Pro Challenge’s television-friendly traverses of Colorado’s high country. The four-day race will feature 18 domestic and international, six-man teams racing 300 miles in circuits that start and finish in the same location. The women’s race will begin in Colorado Springs on Aug. 10 and conclude the following night under lights in Denver. The men on Aug. 11 will race a second stage in Breckenridge and the third-and-fourth stages will begin and end in Denver’s River North Art District. Like the Pro Challenge, the Colorado Classic has been designated by cycling’s governing body, the UCI, as 2.HC, the highest rating outside of UCI World Tour races like the Tour de France. The Colorado Classic joins the May 14-21 Amgen Tour of California, the July 31-Aug. 6 Tour of Utah and the inaugural Aug. 24-27 Tour of the Commonwealth in Virginia as the country’s highest profile professional bike races. “Coloradans love pro bike racing,” said Derek Bouchard-Hall, the chief of USA Cycling, in a statement. “We’re extremely pleased that the Colorado Classic will continue the state’s proud tradition with both men’s and women’s events.” Related Articles January 25, 2017 Will Colorado Classic bike race find “sustainability” secret that eluded predecessors? More information about race routes through Denver, Colorado Springs and Breckenridge, as well as musical acts, public participation events and the traveling festival will come soon, Koff said. Those specifics will reveal how the Colorado Classic will defy a national trend that has seen all but two U.S. multi-stage professional bike races die. The viability of the Colorado Classic “will be apparent” when those details emerge, Koff said. “We have focused on all elements on the cost side to try to make this more sustainable.” One of those elements is public participation. In the coming weeks, RPM will announce amateur events that coincide with the elite race. “We think that’s an exciting way to help connect pro cycling with your average daily cyclist,” Koff said. “It fits with our investors’ approach. We view this as a large-scale community event with participation being a major part of that.” Koff said the RPM team is “well on our way” to securing television coverage of the race, an essential yet pricey ingredient for success. International event coverage of the Pro Challenge splashed images of Colorado’s high country across millions of television screens worldwide, helping elevate host cities like Aspen, Vail, Steamboat, Breckenridge and Denver as a destination for coveted international tourists. “We  expect to have the same type of coverage that similar races have had in the last five years,” Koff said. Helen H. Richardson, The Denver PostThe peloton makes its way down Ute Pass Road heading towards Silverthorne in Stage 2 of the USA Pro Challenge from Steamboat Springs on Aug. 18, 2015. The race started in Steamboat Springs and ended at Arapahoe Basin. The Pro Challenge debuted in Colorado in 2011, with local benefactors Rick and Richard Schaden covering a nearly $10 million loss that first year. By 2015, a team of deep-pocketed sponsors — like Lexus, UnitedHealthcare and Pepsi — helped stem the losses of the statewide production. But the race still foundered, despite luring a reported 1 million spectators and delivering more than $130 million in economic impact to the state. The Pro Challenge pushed big crowds into host communities that enjoyed robust bumps in tourist spending that lingers even without the race. Local organizers see that as a sign that the Pro Challenge boosted Colorado’s profile as a cycling destination. The Schadens ceded ownership of the race in 2015 but Pro Challenge chief Shawn Hunter was unable to keep it afloat, giving rise to the RPM Events Group. Ken Gart, the governor’s unpaid boss of all things bike in Colorado, organized the group with hopes of cherry-picking the successful elements of the Pro Challenge minus the crippling cost of producing a race that roams several hundred miles of Colorado roadways. “I can’t wait to once again show off this wonderful state to the world during the Colorado Classic,” Gart said in a statement. “The Colorado Classic is being developed to appeal to not just cycling fans but a wide array of Coloradans and visitors to the state.” Tags:  Colorado Classic Ken Gart Richard Schaden Rick Schaden USA Pro Challenge Jason Blevins Jason Blevins covers tourism, mountain business, skiing and outdoor adventure sports for both the business and sports sections at The Denver Post, which he joined in 1997. He skis, pedals, paddles and occasionally boogies in the hills and is just as inspired by the lively entrepreneurial spirit that permeates Colorado's high country communities as he is by the views. Follow Jason Blevins @jasonblevins Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Cycling Will Colorado Classic bike race find “sustainability” secret that eluded predecessors? January 25, 2017, 8:04 pm That’s the watchword of the new Colorado Classic, coming to Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver, Aug. 10-13, with circuit races at each venue. Colorado cyclist overcame depression and suicidal thoughts riding across America, now hopes to ride across Russia January 22, 2017, 4:49 pm With no job, few prospects for finding one and a family history of depression, Matt Carnal overcame the darkness he felt seven years ago by riding across America on a bike. Wheat Ridge looking to experiment with pedicab service for seniors January 04, 2017, 10:53 am The Wheat Ridge Active Transportation Advisory Team searches for funding to build a pedicab that will increase mobile accessibility. 105-year-old Frenchman sets cycling record January 04, 2017, 2:27 pm SAINT-QUENTIN-EN-YVELINES, France (AP) — Nearly a century ago, Robert Marchand was told by a coach that he should give up cycling because he would never achieve anything on a bike. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         How many mobile payment apps do you have on your phone? Apple Evan Selleck Contributing Editor | January 25, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Paying for things with your smartphone is starting to get easier, but not necessarily for the reasons some companies might like. Apple keeps expanding support for Apple Pay in more banks and credit unions, while retail and restaurant rollout is on a much slower trajectory. Google's Android Pay, another major player, still needs to get a lot more attention from banking establishments, but its availability at places to buy things seems to be pretty solid. There's still a lot of room to grow, but thankfully the companies that want to make mobile payments a thing have laid a stable groundwork. It's adoption that they, and those who want to use their phones (or smartwatches) to pay for things, are waiting for at this point. Apple, for its part, would very much like it if all those businesses out there, from restaurants to retailers, adopted Apple Pay as the go-to option for customers. Google, I'm sure, is just happy to have a viable alternative (at least for now). But that's not how things are going, it seems. Instead, it's going the "classic route," where mobile payments are dominated not by a single, or even a couple of options, but instead by a whole bunch of them. Apple Pay wasn't the first, but ever since Apple rolled out its mobile payment option, the market has decided to double down. The trouble is that most of these options are single-use cases. While Apple Pay, Android Pay, and Samsung Pay, all try to offer use cases at a variety of different locations, things like Walmart Pay just want you to have an option right there in store. But Walmart doesn't want to leave it up to Apple, or Google, or even technically Samsung. They want you to use their thing, too. Recently it was revealed that Target, another big-box retail chain, is also planning on launching its own mobile payment option. It doesn't have a name yet, but I wouldn't be surprised if it's called Target Pay -- because why not? And, as you might expect, it's another app you're going to need on your phone that already supports Apple or Android Pay. Apps are ubiquitous at this point, though, so it's probably a safe bet that someone who shops at Target, even on a semi-regular basis, probably has the retailer's app on their phone, too. Integrating a means to checkout, all from the app, probably makes sense to the company. The question I have is this: Is it better than nothing? I hate using my cards anymore, even if they are more secure thanks to being chip-enabled. The wait time for the terminal to process the transaction is annoying, and using my phone to pay for something anymore is just a lot easier. Target supports Apple Pay in its iOS app, but apparently the retailer doesn't plan on supporting the mobile payment option in its stores, so maybe launching its own is better than not having it at all. But that announcement did make me curious. How many different mobile payment options do you have on your phone right now, including the stock one? A quick look at my phone shows that I've got four. Do you have more than one? Do you use all of them on a regular basis? Or are you still not using mobile payments? Let me know! Apple Apple Pay Samsung Samsung Pay Google Android Android Pay Apple Google Samsung Previous ArticleDo you carry a standalone camera? Next ArticleAre you still playing Super Mario Run? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts HTC says that it's not working on an Android Wear smartwatch Will Samsung be the one to flourish the "Phone-to-PC" concept? Target will launch its own mobile payment service later this year Verizon launches Unlimited Together plan for international calling View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Honor 6X Review: Best Budget Smartphone? Marco Hanna 2 hours 25 min ago 1 shares 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung says Galaxy Note 8 is coming Alex Wagner 4 days 10 hours ago 104 shares 103 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Huawei Mate 9 review Marco Hanna 5 days 2 hours ago Spectacles review: Worth it? Marco Hanna 6 days 23 hours ago 4 shares 2 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 10 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 15 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 2 3 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of AT&T launching International AT&T confirms that it's AT&T confirms that it shut AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of Sprint News How much data do you use per month? Sprint promo offering $50 Sprint will acquire 33 percent of Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill T-Mobile News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of T-Mobile adding ability to share T T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung Verizon Wireless Comcast aiming to launch wireless How much data do you use per month? Verizon launches Unlimited Verizon offering Moto Z Droid and Verizon launches ‘Just for you’ Verizon stepping up Galaxy Note 7 Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 24° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Mainly cloudy with snow showers around this morning. High 29F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of snow 50%.. Tonight Cloudy. A few flurries are possible. Low around 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 3 HONS This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) HONS This photo provided by Blue Nile shows a Blue Nile Studio French Pavé Asscher-Cut diamond eternity ring in platinum with a Bella Vaughan for Blue Nile Grandeur Cushion Halo diamond engagement ring in platinum. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. Sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile offer resources for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. (Blue Nile via AP) HONS This photo provided by Blue Nile shows two Blue Nile diamond heart pendants, one in 14-carat white gold, one in 14-carat rose gold, and a Blue Nile love necklace in 14-carat rose gold. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes and shopping at reputable jewelry stores. (Blue Nile via AP) AP 5 tips for buying jewelry for Valentine's Day By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer Jan 25, 2017 Updated Jan 25, 2017 0 HONS This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) HONS This photo provided by Blue Nile shows a Blue Nile Studio French Pavé Asscher-Cut diamond eternity ring in platinum with a Bella Vaughan for Blue Nile Grandeur Cushion Halo diamond engagement ring in platinum. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. Sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile offer resources for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. (Blue Nile via AP) HONS This photo provided by Blue Nile shows two Blue Nile diamond heart pendants, one in 14-carat white gold, one in 14-carat rose gold, and a Blue Nile love necklace in 14-carat rose gold. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes and shopping at reputable jewelry stores. (Blue Nile via AP) NEW YORK (AP) — Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine's Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there's plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine's Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there's a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart's Sam's Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine's deals run from Jan. 25 to the holiday. Macy's jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, starts Jan. 29 and ends Feb. 9. "You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Here are some tips: —KNOW YOUR LOVED ONE'S TASTE Look at what your partner is wearing and what's in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don't get big hoops. And if that person is active, don't buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there's a way — subtly! — to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. —DO RESEARCH AND LEARN THE LINGO Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. —TAKE PRECAUTIONS AGAINT FRAUD First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile's director of brand experience. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you'd get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle — it's a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. —CONSIDER SYNTHETIC DIAMONDS If you want something sparkly but want to avoid gems from conflict zones, synthetic or man-made diamonds are about 20 percent to 40 percent less expensive, according to DealNews. Produced in a laboratory, they are chemically the same as mined diamonds, as opposed to simulated diamonds, which are usually cubic zirconia or moissanite. Pure Grown Diamonds, the world's largest distributor of them, has a directory on its website of stores by zip code that offer lab-grown diamonds. While a gemologist wouldn't be able to tell the difference between mined and synthetic diamonds, a jeweler needs to tell buyers the origin. —BE CREATIVE Not interested in spending a lot but still want good quality? Consider estate sales. Or if you think your partner would want to try out pieces for a while, there's a rental jewelry subscription service called Rocksbox.com. It allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. For example, a three-month gift membership plus a $10 gift card is $49. The retail price on the jewelry ranges from $50 to $150 and includes such designers as Kate Spade and Rebecca Minkoff. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Lifestyle Valentine's Day Holidays Occasions Jewelry Fashion Accessories Fashion Beauty And Fashion Personal Finance Gift Shopping Shopping × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: AMV, LLC moves to former PACAL Industries site Seasonal fudges are a hit for Coon Valley Candy Co. No unauthorized immigrants? Manufacturing, hospitality workforces would struggle Dow hits historic 20,000: Does it mean anything? Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 30° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy this evening with more clouds for overnight. Low near 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 9:55 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 3 HONS This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) HONS This photo provided by Blue Nile shows a Blue Nile Studio French Pavé Asscher-Cut diamond eternity ring in platinum with a Bella Vaughan for Blue Nile Grandeur Cushion Halo diamond engagement ring in platinum. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. Sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile offer resources for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. (Blue Nile via AP) HONS This photo provided by Blue Nile shows two Blue Nile diamond heart pendants, one in 14-carat white gold, one in 14-carat rose gold, and a Blue Nile love necklace in 14-carat rose gold. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes and shopping at reputable jewelry stores. (Blue Nile via AP) AP 5 tips for buying jewelry for Valentine's Day By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer Jan 25, 2017 Updated Jan 25, 2017 0 HONS This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) HONS This photo provided by Blue Nile shows a Blue Nile Studio French Pavé Asscher-Cut diamond eternity ring in platinum with a Bella Vaughan for Blue Nile Grandeur Cushion Halo diamond engagement ring in platinum. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. Sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile offer resources for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. (Blue Nile via AP) HONS This photo provided by Blue Nile shows two Blue Nile diamond heart pendants, one in 14-carat white gold, one in 14-carat rose gold, and a Blue Nile love necklace in 14-carat rose gold. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine’s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes and shopping at reputable jewelry stores. (Blue Nile via AP) NEW YORK (AP) — Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine's Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there's plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine's Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there's a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart's Sam's Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine's deals run from Jan. 25 to the holiday. Macy's jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, starts Jan. 29 and ends Feb. 9. "You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Here are some tips: —KNOW YOUR LOVED ONE'S TASTE Look at what your partner is wearing and what's in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don't get big hoops. And if that person is active, don't buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there's a way — subtly! — to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. —DO RESEARCH AND LEARN THE LINGO Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. —TAKE PRECAUTIONS AGAINT FRAUD First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile's director of brand experience. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you'd get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle — it's a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. —CONSIDER SYNTHETIC DIAMONDS If you want something sparkly but want to avoid gems from conflict zones, synthetic or man-made diamonds are about 20 percent to 40 percent less expensive, according to DealNews. Produced in a laboratory, they are chemically the same as mined diamonds, as opposed to simulated diamonds, which are usually cubic zirconia or moissanite. Pure Grown Diamonds, the world's largest distributor of them, has a directory on its website of stores by zip code that offer lab-grown diamonds. While a gemologist wouldn't be able to tell the difference between mined and synthetic diamonds, a jeweler needs to tell buyers the origin. —BE CREATIVE Not interested in spending a lot but still want good quality? Consider estate sales. Or if you think your partner would want to try out pieces for a while, there's a rental jewelry subscription service called Rocksbox.com. It allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. For example, a three-month gift membership plus a $10 gift card is $49. The retail price on the jewelry ranges from $50 to $150 and includes such designers as Kate Spade and Rebecca Minkoff. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Tags Wire Business General News Lifestyle Valentine's Day Holidays Occasions Jewelry Fashion Accessories Fashion Beauty And Fashion Personal Finance Gift Shopping Shopping × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Muskie girls show mettle but fall short against No. 9 Knights Friday's prep report PREP SCOREBOARD | Friday, Jan. 20 Thursday's prep report Seniors relays shine as Muskies swimmers sweep triangular More on this topic Mexicans begin to unite in fight against Trump's plans California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs Feds: Arrests in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows Bolivia: 19 miners trapped inside mine are rescued Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular World wide support, respect grows for Devin Martz Muscatine residents demonstrate in Des Moines Women's March Sale of a school: Washington Elementary gets a new life Greg H. Mullen "Slow equals fair," Muscatine City Attorney says Anthony ‘Tony’ James Steckman Starting conversations: addressing homelessness in Muscatine Ministry and service in times of great need: Martha Lang ordained as priest Port of Muscatine: City studies the feasibility of building a container port 1 dead in mining accident near Buffalo Currents +10 World Photos: Here's what happens when a country doesn't recycle its electronics +34 Entertainment Photos: Mary Tyler Moore, 1936-2017 +40 Features Photos: Menswear at Paris Fashion Week Goran Dragic leads Heat to 6th straight, 100-88 over Bulls Holiday, Davis lead Pelicans past Sprus 119-103 Thomas scores 21 as Celtics rout Magic 128-98 Lowry scores 32, Raptors end skid with 102-86 win over Bucks TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Anchor confronts man behind voter fraud claim Khizr Khan on Trump's refugee ban Man says he can prove 2016 voter fraud Rare view of tunnels under border wall Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News Local Sports High School Sports Entertainment Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Offseason sports Back to Main Menu Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times comments How N.J. comedian Glen Tickle opened up about a family tragedy on stage Print Email Andrew Doerfler | For lehighvalleylive.com By Andrew Doerfler | For lehighvalleylive.com The Express-Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 25, 2017 at 11:15 AM, updated January 25, 2017 at 11:16 AM comments Last spring, Glen Tickle expected to spend the rest of his year promoting an album full of charming, hilarious stories about his young daughter and his days as a substitute teacher. In front of a sold-out crowd at SteelStacks on May 26, the Lopatcong Township comedian and writer had performed the culmination of his first eight years in stand-up for a record called "(Yes, Really)," a reference to his improbable (and real) last name. "It's hard being a (substitute teacher) with my name," Tickle says in the record's opening bit. "No parent wants their 7-year-old running up to a bearded man in a Wal-Mart yelling, 'Mr. Tickle, Mr. Tickle, I miss you so much! Give me a hug!'" Less than three weeks after the album taping, though, any plans Tickle had were upended. On June 12, his 29-year-old younger brother Mark died in a car crash in Warren Township, Somerset County. Tickle canceled his scheduled shows and, as he dealt with tragedy, struggled with the thought of performing comedy again. To ignore his grief while attempting to connect with an audience seemed uncomfortable and pointless. Good stand-up relies on candor. This Easton comedian is supporting addiction treatment through humor "I either had to stop doing stand-up," the Phillipsburg High grad said recently over lunch at the Key City Diner in Lopatcong Township, "or lean into it and say, 'This is going to be what I talk about." He decided to talk about it.  Confronting trauma in his act has been a shift for a comic known for nerdy references and riffing about fatherhood. The 33-year-old has been a stalwart in the Lehigh Valley comedy scene for the last several years, building enough of a following to headline once a year at SteelStacks, where he'll also host Nerd Nite Bethlehem on Feb. 4. Glen Tickle at Greenwich Village Comedy Club His rise in comedy has come gradually as he balanced his family life and full-time writing jobs, currently for the pop culture and tech site Laughing Squid. In the last year, though, he has been booking shows at colleges, for the first time earning more through stand-up than he did as a substitute teacher. With his debut album, which debuted at #13 on the Billboard comedy albums chart, he hoped to close the book on old jokes and start a new phase in his career. That certainly happened, but with material he didn't want to have reason to write.  Tickle 's mind naturally translates his life experiences into comedy, a habit that didn't stop when his brother died. So although he hesitated to get back behind a mic, it took no time at all for jokes to come to him -- "some of which I've told on stage and a lot of which I just felt terrible for thinking of," he said.  Within a few hours of receiving the news, he had already jotted down a line, one he often uses to introduce the topic to audiences. He starts by telling the crowd that his brother recently died.  "But I come from a big family," he follows, "so I have spares." Tickle carries some discomfort about profiting from jokes about his brother's death. "It's weird that they go over well," he said. Much of the set centers on how poorly people, himself included, react to the tragedy. On stage, he recalls seeing the thousand-odd people lined up at his brother's funeral and thinking, "If even half of these people buy my comedy album, I think I'll feel a lot better."  The new material has been an adjustment for his family, too. Tickle's sister attended one of his first shows after their brother's death, but he didn't know she was coming until just beforehand.  "I didn't think to say, 'Oh, there are going to be jokes about our recently deceased brother,'" he said. "I get the first joke out, and she's in the front row and starts crying immediately. I bailed and started talking about something else." He has since prepared any family member who attends his sets. But even without a sibling in the crowd, taking on the fraught subject is a risk: The tension in the room makes the resolve from a good joke even stronger, but also makes it easy to alienate people. "People do get upset," Tickle said. "My comment is, 'It's not like it's about your brother.'" The recent challenge has been building a full set around his material about his brother. He doesn't want to end on a downer, and it's tough to transition from talking about death to his daughter's antics. New jokes about his brother are no longer coming naturally, but attempting to write more highlights the paradox of joking about tragedy.  "If I want to generate more material, I'd have to sit down and think, 'What's funny about this?'" he said. "And the answer is that it's not funny." Grief still sometimes hits Tickle on stage, but the part of his set that chokes him up is not a joke. "It's hard to talk about, and harder to make jokes about, but I'm a goddamn professional," he tells the audience, rallying himself on.  Glen Tickle will host "Nerd Nite Bethlehem" at SteelStacks on Saturday, Feb. 4. Tickets are $10 for the general public, $9 for students and seniors and $8.50 for ArtsQuest members. His album "(Yes, Really)" can be found on Bandcamp.  Andrew Doerfler may be reached at adoerfler@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @adoerfler or on Facebook.  THINGS TO DO Look for that perfect recipe Find things to do this week Submit an event Most Read Entertainment Listings Events Music Food Active Discussions About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:04pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox 5 tips for buying jewelry for Valentine's Day 5:00 AM Thursday Jan 26, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Lifestyle World NEW YORK (AP) " Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine's Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there's plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine's Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there's a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart's Sam's Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine's deals run from Jan. 25 to the holiday. Macy's jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, starts Jan. 29 and ends Feb. 9. "You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Here are some tips: "KNOW YOUR LOVED ONE'S TASTE Continued below. Related Content Small businesses upbeat about year ahead Rodney Hide: Waitangi Day a shemozzle Your views: Readers' letters Look at what your partner is wearing and what's in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don't get big hoops. And if that person is active, don't buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there's a way " subtly! " to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. "DO RESEARCH AND LEARN THE LINGO Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. "TAKE PRECAUTIONS AGAINT FRAUD First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile's director of brand experience. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you'd get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle " it's a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. "CONSIDER SYNTHETIC DIAMONDS If you want something sparkly but want to avoid gems from conflict zones, synthetic or man-made diamonds are about 20 percent to 40 percent less expensive, according to DealNews. Produced in a laboratory, they are chemically the same as mined diamonds, as opposed to simulated diamonds, which are usually cubic zirconia or moissanite. Pure Grown Diamonds, the world's largest distributor of them, has a directory on its website of stores by zip code that offer lab-grown diamonds. While a gemologist wouldn't be able to tell the difference between mined and synthetic diamonds, a jeweler needs to tell buyers the origin. "BE CREATIVE Not interested in spending a lot but still want good quality? Consider estate sales. Or if you think your partner would want to try out pieces for a while, there's a rental jewelry subscription service called Rocksbox.com. It allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. For example, a three-month gift membership plus a $10 gift card is $49. The retail price on the jewelry ranges from $50 to $150 and includes such designers as Kate Spade and Rebecca Minkoff. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Kaimai luge rider fined $750 The Tauranga teenager recently shown riding a luge down the Kaimai Range on social media… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 28 Jan 2017 17:04:40 Processing Time: 349ms
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip White House assures Colorado that EPA grants moving forward, despite Trump directive Driver cited in 9-year-old pedestrian's death in Colorado Springs was on probation for DUI Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week LIVE BLOG: No. 12 North Dakota at Colorado College hockey report Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight The Broadmoor hires prestigious chef to oversee property restaurants Colorado mountain man carves niche measuring snow Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Red Rocks announces 2017 concert schedule Five noteworthy concerts coming to Colorado Springs in 2017 Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Protesters want to legally drive on Colorado roads The Gazettes Jen Mulson talks with KKTV about this weeks go. Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Breaking News John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man' and Harry Potter films, dies Breaking News Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at South Colorado Springs apartments News: Local News Great Wolf Lodge launches water park and family resort in Colorado Springs Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 5:48 PM 0 Mayor John Suthers was in Pittsburgh a few months ago at a municipal officials conference when attendees saw his "Colorado Springs" name tag and volunteered... Lindsey Vonn avoids more serious injury in downhill training crash Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 12:42 PM 0 CORTINA D'AMPEZZO, Italy — Lindsey Vonn avoided more serious injury when she fell and crashed into the safety netting during a World Cup downhill training session Friday.... Lindsey Vonn claims 77th World Cup win, now nine behind all-time record News: Local News Colorado Springs schools, police on alert after two attempted kidnappings Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 5:02 PM Two attempted abductions of teens in the last week have law enforcement and areas schools on alert. "It's not common for us to even have an attempted... Early morning fire heavily damages historic Old Colorado City park's band shell Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 7:43 PM 0 The historic band shell in Old Colorado City's Bancroft Park, a popular spot for summer... CEO David Dahlin's role to be terminated at Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 5:16 PM 0 When Colorado College assumes full operational management of the Fine Arts Center on July 1 one... Latest Local Convicted a second time for stabbing wife, admitted meth addict sentenced to 68 years By: Rachel Riley - Fri, Jan 27, 2017 A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY) By: Jonathan Merritt, RNS - 1 hr ago Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at South Colorado Springs apartments By: Gazette staff - 2 hr ago 35 St. Mary's High School students take part in anti-abortion march in D.C. By: Matt Steiner - 2 hr ago Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group By: Billie Stanton Anleu - 2 hr ago Police: Parents face possible child abuse charges after two kids found in car outside bar By: Kaitlin Durbin - 2 hr ago Smoke visible from slash pile burn in San Isabel National Forest By: Ellie Mulder - 2 hr ago Top Stories John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man' and Harry Potter films, dies By: Adam Bernstein, The Washington Post - 25 min ago Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists By: JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent - 2 hr ago First human-pig embryos made, then destroyed By: Susan Scutti, CNN - 4 hr ago Ex-N.C. State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead at age 50 By: The Associated Press - 5 hr ago Sweet tooth leads Bryce VanHorn to Colorado College hockey By: Joe Paisley - 6 hr ago Must See Must Do: Toss a fruitcake, head to girls night out and listen to war music this weekend By: Linda Navarro - 6 hr ago Pastors’ views on social issues? Americans not interested By: Emily McFarlan Miller, RNS - 6 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 15 festivals coming to the Colorado Springs area in 2017 Fandemonium Liberty vs. Doherty girls basketball Doherty vs. Liberty girls basketball Sand Creek and Vista Ridge Boys Basketball Fandemonium Vista Ridge and Sand Creek Basketball Mary Tyler Moore through the years Fandemonium Sierra 65, Mesa Ridge 64 A Look Back National School Choice Week rally Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Colorado Springs Women's March Women's March fills downtown Denver Women's Marches descend on Washington, D.C. and around the world Inauguration of Donald Trump 9 best places for margaritas around Colorado Springs Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT A Look Back Martin Luther King Jr. Day celebrations around Colorado Springs Peak Performers 2016-17 St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 School Award Celebration Mesa Ridge 75, Widefield 70 Boys Basketball Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Convicted a second time for stabbing wife, admitted meth addict sentenced to 68 years 1 hr ago A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY) 2 hr ago Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at South Colorado Springs apartments 2 hr ago 35 St. Mary's High School students take part in anti-abortion march in D.C. 2 hr ago Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group 2 hr ago Police: Parents face possible child abuse charges after two kids found in car outside bar 2 hr ago Smoke visible from slash pile burn in San Isabel National Forest Most Read Protesters, Breitbart editor have their say as UCCS plays host to free speech Fire at Colorado Springs park leaves outdoor stage badly damaged Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs San Diego Coroner: CorePower Yoga founder's death ruled accidental Man wounded at Colorado Springs auto lot where burglar was killed in 2009 make my day shooting Leader of Fort Carson's most valorous deployment set to lead the Mountain Post The Doomsday Clock just advanced: It’s now just 2 ½ half minutes to ‘midnight.’ Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Sports 8 min ago Doherty alum Jeremy Kimball lands spot on UFC card 42 min ago LIVE BLOG: Colorado College hockey leads No. 12 North Dakota early Fri, Jan 27, 2017 CC hockey notes: No date for goalie Nehama's return 5 hr ago Thursday's prep roundup: St. Mary's snaps 10-game skid in boys' basketball 5 hr ago Super Bowl Trivia: 10 questions about the Super Bowl 5 hr ago United Soccer League announces first two Colorado Springs Switchbacks games 6 hr ago Sweet tooth leads Bryce VanHorn to Colorado College hockey Business 1 hr ago California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup 2 hr ago Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs 2 hr ago Feds: Arrests in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows 3 hr ago Ryan sidesteps Trump's goal of health coverage for all Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Nevada aerospace contractor plans maintenance hangar at Colorado Springs Airport 5 hr ago American Airlines matches Wall Street forecast for 4Q profit 5 hr ago What's at stake in Trump's push to rewrite or abandon NAFTA Opinion 13 hr ago EDITORIAL: Tariff means Americans pay for the wall 13 hr ago LETTERS: Hard to just get on board; Trump voters are the people too Yesterday EDITORIAL: Why? Trump ignites ridiculous conflicts Yesterday LETTERS: No more Good Times car show; great photo collection Thu, Jan 26, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Celebrating School Choice Wed, Jan 25, 2017 LETTERS: Success in our schools; let it go, move on Wed, Jan 25, 2017 EDITORIAL: Trump's executive orders should get economy growing Around the Web 3 hr ago Businessman attacked Muslim airline worker, said Trump "will get rid of all of you" 4 hr ago First human-pig embryos made, then destroyed 5 hr ago Ex-N.C. State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead at age 50 6 hr ago Missing panda is probably still on zoo grounds 9 hr ago 50 years ago, three astronauts died in the Apollo 1 fire 13 hr ago Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru 14 hr ago Horse left behind in Wyoming wilderness survives for 6 weeks Latest Videos Protesters want to legally drive on Colorado roads The Gazettes Jen Mulson talks with KKTV about this weeks go. Great Wolf Lodge Colorado Springs is a howling good time! Pikes Peak region forecast Milo supporters and protesters separated by Colorado Springs Police AP Analysis: Building Trump's Wall Iconic television star Mary Tyler Moore has died Colorado Springs chosen to host start of Colorado Classic WH: Trump Voter Fraud Claims Based on 'Evidence' Gov. Jerry Brown Hits Trump in Annual Address Must See Must Do Weekend Fun List for Colorado Springs Colorado Politics: New president, new help for Colorado roads? Sports Latest Sports LIVE BLOG: Colorado College hockey leads No. 12 North Dakota early43 min ago Doherty alum Jeremy Kimball lands spot on UFC card8 min ago CC hockey notes: No date for goalie Nehama's returnFri, Jan 27, 2017 Thursday's prep roundup: St. Mary's snaps 10-game skid in boys' basketball5 hr ago Broncos Video shows Broncos' Aqib Talib after June 2016 shooting in Dallas23 hr ago Cab driver praises John Elway, then learns he's driving himTue, Jan 24, 2017 John Elway, Tony Romo photographed together, only adding to QB rumorsTue, Jan 24, 2017 Broncos hire Toub's assistant to coach special teamsMon, Jan 23, 2017 Photo Galleries Fandemonium Liberty vs. Doherty girls basketball Doherty vs. Liberty girls basketball Sand Creek and Vista Ridge Boys Basketball Fandemonium Vista Ridge and Sand Creek Basketball Fandemonium Sierra 65, Mesa Ridge 64 Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT Peak Performers 2016-17 St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Tariff means Americans pay for the wall13 hr ago EDITORIAL: Why? Trump ignites ridiculous conflictsYesterday EDITORIAL: Trump's executive orders should get economy growingWed, Jan 25, 2017 EDITORIAL: Let tourists pay for tourism assetsTue, Jan 24, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Hard to just get on board; Trump voters are the people too13 hr ago LETTERS: Release all the test results; an all-powerful agencyYesterday LETTERS: No more Good Times car show; great photo collectionYesterday LETTERS: Success in our schools; let it go, move onWed, Jan 25, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Celebrating School ChoiceThu, Jan 26, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: The state of Colorado agricultureMon, Jan 23, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: School choice expands educational freedom and opportunitySun, Jan 22, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: A chance to improve American educationSat, Jan 21, 2017 Local News Local News A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY)1 hr ago Convicted a second time for stabbing wife, admitted meth addict sentenced to 68 yearsFri, Jan 27, 2017 35 St. Mary's High School students take part in anti-abortion march in D.C.2 hr ago Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group2 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group2 hr ago Commentary: After Gold King spill, EPA didn't communicate enough, now ordered to not communicate at all6 hr ago Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban7 hr ago VA says new Denver hospital to be exempt from hiring freeze7 hr ago Local Business Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs7 hr ago Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico8 hr ago Monument roofing contractor faces theft charge amid reports of nearly $100,000 in lost deposits, paymentsYesterday Closing the gap: Colorado Springs Olympic Museum now $6.5 million short of funding goalWed, Jan 25, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Israelis seek to comfort Holocaust's loneliest survivors3 hr ago Puerto Rico celebrates new Hall of Famer Ivan Rodriguez4 hr ago Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban4 hr ago US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration4 hr ago Military VA says new Denver hospital to be exempt from hiring freeze7 hr ago Pentagon orders cost reviews of F-35 fighter, Air Force One7 hr ago Draft executive order shows how Trump wants to grow the U.S. military significantly11 hr ago AP source: Border Patrol chief says he's been forced outYesterday Blogs LIVE BLOG: Colorado College hockey leads No. 12 North Dakota early43 min ago ‘Stranger Things’ cast members coming to Denver Comic Con8 hr ago TV Talk - New MTV reality series is ‘Survivor’ with a twistYesterday Air Force AD’s son commits to Falcons hockeyYesterday Crime and Justice Local Crime Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at South Colorado Springs apartments2 hr ago Police: Parents face possible child abuse charges after two kids found in car outside bar2 hr ago Fountain police warn of man posing as utility worker2 hr ago Road rage incident with gun briefly locks down two schools6 hr ago National Crime Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru13 hr ago Authorities link 5 killings from 1980s to dead inmateYesterday Florida woman accused of throwing tampon at police officerYesterday Woman nearly carjacked after stopping for dummy in roadWed, Jan 25, 2017 Life Life When you make your own granola, it can be exactly what you want it to be10 hr ago There are Girl Scout cookies we'll always love - and then there are the other ones13 hr ago Colorado Springs area volunteer opportunities starting Jan. 27, 2017Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Colorado Springs area religious events starting Jan. 29, 2017Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Fire at Colorado Springs park leaves outdoor stage badly damaged1 hr ago Pikes Pick: Pop-up event features craft beer and artisan cheeses and chocolates2 hr ago Colorado Springs area art events starting Jan. 26, 20172 hr ago Manitou's Great Fruitcake Toss set for Saturday6 hr ago Religion A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY)1 hr ago March for Life buoyant over Trump’s anti-abortion promises2 hr ago Trump statement on Holocaust remembrance does not mention Jews2 hr ago Trump signs executive order to keep ‘Islamic terrorists’ out of US2 hr ago National National Politics Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks3 hr ago Commentary: After Gold King spill, EPA didn't communicate enough, now ordered to not communicate at all6 hr ago Report: President Trump called park official to dispute crowd photos8 hr ago Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico8 hr ago National Business California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup1 hr ago Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs1 hr ago Feds: Arrests in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows2 hr ago Ryan sidesteps Trump's goal of health coverage for all3 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 5 tips for buying jewelry for Valentine's Day By Associated Press Published: 10:55 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 10:56 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine's Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there's plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine's Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there's a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart's Sam's Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine's deals run from Jan. 25 to the holiday. Macy's jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, starts Jan. 29 and ends Feb. 9. "You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Here are some tips: —KNOW YOUR LOVED ONE'S TASTE Look at what your partner is wearing and what's in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don't get big hoops. And if that person is active, don't buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there's a way — subtly! — to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. —DO RESEARCH AND LEARN THE LINGO Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. —TAKE PRECAUTIONS AGAINT FRAUD First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile's director of brand experience. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you'd get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle — it's a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. —CONSIDER SYNTHETIC DIAMONDS If you want something sparkly but want to avoid gems from conflict zones, synthetic or man-made diamonds are about 20 percent to 40 percent less expensive, according to DealNews. Produced in a laboratory, they are chemically the same as mined diamonds, as opposed to simulated diamonds, which are usually cubic zirconia or moissanite. Pure Grown Diamonds, the world's largest distributor of them, has a directory on its website of stores by zip code that offer lab-grown diamonds. While a gemologist wouldn't be able to tell the difference between mined and synthetic diamonds, a jeweler needs to tell buyers the origin. —BE CREATIVE Not interested in spending a lot but still want good quality? Consider estate sales. Or if you think your partner would want to try out pieces for a while, there's a rental jewelry subscription service called Rocksbox.com. It allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. For example, a three-month gift membership plus a $10 gift card is $49. The retail price on the jewelry ranges from $50 to $150 and includes such designers as Kate Spade and Rebecca Minkoff. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio This photo provided by Blue Nile shows a Blue Nile Studio French Pavé Asscher-Cut diamond eternity ring in platinum with a Bella Vaughan for Blue Nile Grandeur Cushion Halo diamond engagement ring in platinum. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine¿s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. Sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile offer resources for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. (Blue Nile via AP) This photo provided by Blue Nile shows two Blue Nile diamond heart pendants, one in 14-carat white gold, one in 14-carat rose gold, and a Blue Nile love necklace in 14-carat rose gold. Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine¿s Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes and shopping at reputable jewelry stores. (Blue Nile via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Winter Fund Drive: Day Twenty-Seven We can't fight the good fight if we're fighting bill collectors $5, $1 ... no donation is too small to help us stick around. Remember: this web site is not a hobby. It's a full-time job for the people who run it. Without adequate income, we will have to shut down. That's not a threat - it's reality. Can you spare $5? $1? Because no donation is too small, and we really, really need the money. If everyone reading this message donated only $5.00 right now, we could end this fundraiser today. Think about that. And please help if you can. We thank you! Today's tally: $62 from 2 people. TOTAL TALLY: $5,615.00 from 221 people. (As of 2pm EST, Jan 27th)   All Recent Posting Activity Topics & Issues Events Polls Search Donate Shop Advertise Contact About (As always, please DO NOT DONATE if you live on a fixed income. Do not choose between eating and funding!) --> --> The News Most Recent Threads The Blogs Most Recent Threads The Forums Most Recent Threads Home » blogs » Jack Lessenberry's blog Good luck retiring … ever Jack Lessenberry Article Tools E-mail Print Comments (6) Share    Donald Trump | Economic Policy by Jack Lessenberry | January 25, 2017 - 8:40am Well, we now have a vulgar, brawling carnival barker sitting where Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln once did. "May none but honest and wise men ever rule under its roof," John Adams wrote to his wife Abigail when he became the first president to move in, back in 1800. Much later, one of the best of those who followed him, Franklin D. Roosevelt, had those words carved into the mantel over the fireplace in the State Dining Room. They read like a sad parody now. Now that it is no longer fashionable to beat up on poor Hillary Clinton, I finally want to beat up on her. Not for the usual reasons, but for this: Where the hell has she been since the election? Normally, indeed, those who lose an election are supposed to fade away into the shadows. And that's just as it should be. Nobody wanted to see Mike Dukakis, ever again. But this is entirely different. Yes, she may have run a bad campaign and failed to energize voters, or offer them anything new. Yes, she "lost" according to the arcane rules of the vestigial and now harmful creation called the Electoral College. Nevertheless, a clear plurality of the American people wanted her. Not him. Remember these numbers: Clinton: 65,844,954. Trump: 62,979,879. We wanted her, not him. Nor was this just another Democrat vs. Republican election. They didn't swear in Jeb Bush or John Kasich or any of the other, play-by-the-rules and cater-to-the rich guys. They swore in somebody who couldn't care less about what America really is, or what the Constitution stands for, or about the average people need or want or hope. We have instead a narcissistic egomaniac, who both by his own words and by the record of those he's appointed indicates he intends to destroy many of the programs we've held sacred. Hillary Clinton should have been in Warren nine days ago with Bernie Sanders, rallying the troops. "Look, you can blame me if you want to, and I'm never going to run again for anything," she might have told the nation. "This man became president by a legitimate kink in the system, but far more of those who voted in November voted not only for me, but voted against everything he stands for. "That's what matters. We must rally to save what is precious to all of us now." Sadly, Clinton did not do that. Instead, she essentially disappeared, leaving the field to others to defend as well as we can what she had told us she cared about. Which is exactly what we must do from this point forward: Fight to keep democracy, and what matters. Fight every day, in a thousand ways — not just with showy marches and demonstrations, though those have their place. Which brings me to the today's topic: How would you like to learn that you may never be able to retire, not until you keel over pushing that broom at Wal-Mart in your late 80s, or so? Believe it or not, that's the future many of us may well be facing. Back in the early 1980s, 401(k) plans, essentially individual retirement accounts, were being pushed hard as a way in which workers and their employees could supplement their pensions. Sounded like a sweet idea. Employees could agree to have a certain amount of tax-deferred income taken from their checks and invested for them. In some cases, employers even matched their contributions. Except that, soon enough, employers used these plans as an excuse to get rid of pensions entirely. Twenty years ago, Gov. John Engler managed to get the legislature to eliminate pensions for all new state workers, who got 401(k)s instead. He also tried and failed to do the same for teachers. Today, new teachers qualify for a "blended" retirement plan, part of which is a traditional, if diminished, pension. Part is a 401(k). Senate Majority Leader Arlan Meekhof, probably the worst human being in the legislature, badly wants to force school districts to end pensions for new teachers too. When asked if this wouldn't hurt the schools' ability to keep good teachers, Meekhof, who has no college degree, shrugged and said he didn't think people stayed in jobs very long these days. So far he's failed to screw over new teachers. But there's a lot of evidence we are all screwed. Back in 1980, nearly two-fifths of all American workers had some form or pension. According to The Wall Street Journal, only about 1 out of 8 employees qualify for a pension these days. Meanwhile, there are still 74 million surviving baby boomers in this nation, closing fast on retirement age. The oldest of them is 71, the youngest in their mid-50s. And very, very few of them (including me) are anything like ready for retirement. Financial experts say that before you retire, you should have something like eight times your annual income saved. Ho ho. Almost nobody does. A recent survey by the New School's Center for Policy Analysis in New York showed even the top 10 percent of earners had median retirement savings of less than two years income. These are people between the ages of 50 and 64. The poorer half had median retirement assets of barely $25,000. Try getting through your golden years on that. If anything, the picture in Michigan is even grimmer than the national average. Tom Jankowski is associate director for research at Wayne State University's Institute of Gerontology. He knows grim times are likely coming. "Social Security is under repeated threat from the right," he told me, adding that even if it survives unscathed, "currently, about one-third of Michigan seniors subsist almost entirely on Social Security benefits," a figure which he expects to grow significantly. "I would not be surprised to find that, within the next 15 to 20 years, 40 to 50 percent of Michigan retirees will depend upon Social Security alone to live," he told me. That's not easy, especially if you take benefits early — or if you don't qualify for full benefits, like many women who raised children or cared for elderly parents and relatives. Even for those older boomers who worked forever, full benefits at age 66 amount to only about $2,445 a month. You get a good bit more if you can hold out to 70, but many can't afford that. I know a Pulitzer Prize-winning writer who had to take Social Security at age 62, and is now renting out the family home to make ends meet. The ultimate irony of all this was expressed in a Wall Street Journal story earlier this month that detailed how some of the investment geniuses who pushed 401(k)s hard back in the early 1980s now bitterly regret what they did. One of them, Herbert Whitehouse, saw his 401(k) head south during the Great Recession. Now, he believes he'll have to work until his mid-70s, at least. Know what he wishes for? And old-fashioned pension, like the one he helped destroy. "A pension is pretty valuable," he told the newspaper. No shit. Tell us about it. See you in the dog food aisle. Ain't it the truth Mark Dobias, an irreverent and very good lawyer in Sault Ste. Marie, wrote me to observe that: "The only place one finds truth these days is in the dictionary. It is found between Trump and tyranny." _______ About author Jack Lessenberry opines weekly for Detroit's Metro Times. Vote Result Score: 7.0, Votes: 9 Bookmark/Search this post with: | | | | | | Jack Lessenberry's blog | login or register to post comments | 1349 reads Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expanded Date - newest firstDate - oldest first 10 comments per page30 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per page Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes. Welcome Welcome to the club, we'd have t-shirts, but we can't afford them. My wife and I have been telling people this for nigh unto twenty-five years now. It gets old being Cassandra. Submitted by FbO Vorcha on January 25, 2017 - 9:13am. » login or register to post comments You misread hilary If you think for one minute hilary gives a rat's ass about anyone or anything but hilary I have some land, yewgely, beewtiful land in Florida for sale along with a bridge you can move there from new yawk. Rumor has it she is looking to run for mayor of new yawk now, kind of a female slimy rahm emmanuel. And it is a trumpian level of exaggeration to suggest for even a second that a majority of people wanted hilary. I am not even sure that a majority of the people voting for her wanted her. Probably most of her votes came from people who took her advice and voted for not-trump or women who wanted a girl, any girl, president. The trump, third party and non voters outnumbered the hilary voters by a lot and that number is even bigger if you take out the people that voted for her as a least worst but did not want her. A majority of the people do not and did not want her and said so. The dnc leadership did what the republiCONs did with nixon, and shoved her up our ass anyway. Retirement has been being murdered since 1980. It was taken from the factories in the 1980s for the most part. Remember it was barack obama who forced immense wage cuts on the autoworkers as a condition of bailing GM out. He did not force the stock and bond salestrash in new yawk to take cuts down to $14 per hour ($28,000 per year) as a condition of their bailout. And that is one of the big reasons we are stuck with trump now. The price for saving the jobs of the auto workers was to take a wage that does not allow a person to survive let alone retire. Submitted by Blood Red Sun on January 25, 2017 - 11:19am. » login or register to post comments Well Said And -- Quote: We wanted her, not him. Let's pound a stake through the heart of that meme right now, once and for all. So let me engage in a bit of repetition; millions of voters weighed what they saw as a choice between two horrible alternatives, neither of which they wanted, and in the end they chose what they saw as the least horrible. They did not see that choice as someone that they "wanted." _______ Scourge of the Right Wing Nutjobs Masquerading as Leftists, Where Ever They May Cower Submitted by AntiSpin on January 25, 2017 - 11:40am. » login or register to post comments “Hillary Clinton should “Hillary Clinton should have been in Warren nine days ago with Bernie Sanders, rallying the troops. "Look, you can blame me if you want to, and I'm never going to run again for anything," she might have told the nation.” It’s highly unlikely you’ll hear the words that she will never run again come from Clinton in the immediate future. She won’t rule out any options for the simple reason that she is a craven, self-serving, political opportunist. Left to her, she will never willingly leave the limelight. Bill and Hillary must be shunned. Also, the worst thing Sanders might do would be to embrace her as an ally of “Our Revolution”. The Clintons are poisonous. The stench that surrounds them is horrific. Not to mention, look at what happened the last time Sanders raised his voice on behalf of Hillary. Look where we are now. Submitted by Helen Kromm on January 25, 2017 - 12:21pm. » login or register to post comments From the corporate point of From the corporate point of view the only thing old people are good for is to store them in a for profit warehouse retirement community that gets a big cut of their Medicare and Medicaid benefits while providing minimal medical care, the corporation also gets their Social Security checks and receive a hefty housing subsidy from Uncle Sugar. The facility will be grossly understaffed, noisy and smell bad. The only thing found in abundance will be despair. Submitted by Madhoosier on January 25, 2017 - 8:30pm. » login or register to post comments "WHAT SHE TOLD US SHE CARED ABOUT" Regarding your love for Hillary, I'm sure it was a slip of the pen, but you did get one thing right....Others DO need to defend what she "TOLD us she cared about."....NOT what she actually DID care about, namely her wars and her corporate money. _______ Scava Submitted by Scava on January 25, 2017 - 5:17pm. » login or register to post comments --> --> --> ChimpWire: Latest News Bill Black: Not 4 Sale – Why the Corrupt, Worker-Hating New Democrats Must Be Purged Jan 27 2017 - 4:48pm (1 comments) Border Wall will be funded by 20 percent import tax on Mexican goods Jan 26 2017 - 4:06pm (6 comments) Mexican President Cancels Meeting With Trump After Border Wall Order Jan 26 2017 - 3:33pm (0 comments) Trump slams 'ungrateful traitor' Chelsea Manning Jan 26 2017 - 12:04pm (2 comments) The State Department’s entire senior management team just resigned Jan 26 2017 - 11:24am (0 comments) In his first major TV interview as president, Trump is endlessly obsessed about his popularity Jan 26 2017 - 10:52am (3 comments) more news » Navigation home start a new thread recent popular content User login Username: * Password: * Request new password ChimpsterNation Your favorite SC screen name by noordinaryspider1 80 posts, 7090 views Didn't this site used to be for electing Democrats to office? by MissMarple 36 posts, 2278 views The 11th Minute of the 11th Hour of the 11th Day & Section 60 ~ ~ ~ by bitdog 24 posts, 5612 views 5479 Days . . . by aussidawg 2 posts, 399 views I'm flying to Florida in the morning. by click here 3 posts, 450 views First Clinton/Trump Debate - Sep 26, 2016 - thread by mewkitty 4 posts, 474 views 5479 Days . . . by BlueTigress 2 posts, 426 views more » Recent Threads IF WE DO NOT STAND TOGETHER by strepelis 0 comments JOHN CHUCKMAN COMMENT: LUNATIC EXCESSES IN THE WASHINGTON MARCH - WHILE IGNORING MASS MURDER - ANOTHER CLAIM THAT HILLARY WON by John Chuckman 2 comments TO REEXAMINE- REBOOT- RESET by strepelis 0 comments Ignorance is Bliss, Except When … by Bob Patterson 0 comments The End of Israel by Linh Dinh 23 comments Travel Advisory: Houston is all hat, no cattle by Jane Stillwater 1 comments More lies being uncovered in East Aleppo -- and in Idlib too by Jane Stillwater 2 comments The Big Five: Autism, Alzheimer, Androgyny, ADHD & Anxiety by Jane Stillwater 0 comments THE PROFOUND DISAPPOINTMENT OF ANGELA MERKEL by John Chuckman 1 comments ACT NOW OR WISH WE HAD by strepelis 2 comments Trump to the Clintons: "You're fired!" by Jane Stillwater 0 comments WHAT HAPPENED IN THIS ELECTION? by John Chuckman 2 comments Jeff Tiedrich is right. It IS worse than we think. by jonpin 6 comments Colmey read the emails. Nothing there by MissMarple 2 comments After the presidential election, impeachment next? by Jane Stillwater 1 comments The Anthony Weiner Email Cache by GreyRaven 64 comments How I Voted 2016 by srobert 2 comments The future PrezClint2: Four more years of smirking... by Jane Stillwater 0 comments YES, THERE WILL BE ELECTION FRAUD, AND ON A GRAND SCALE by John Chuckman 5 comments Trump's My Pick by TruthBTold 30 comments Will the Smirking Chimp ride again? by Jane Stillwater 1 comments Today's tally: $19 from 1 person by GreyRaven 4 comments Money Money Money: How imaginary Lean Green finances America's "wars" by Jane Stillwater 4 comments Coming to Your Theatre Soon! “Gone with the Chimp” by GreyRaven 0 comments Yet Another Shameless Attack on Donald Trump by Madhoosier 2 comments Recommended Threads The highest-rated threads (minimum ten votes): This Is What Waterboarding Looks Like by David Corn 56 comments 42602 reads Barking Mad by Mike Whitney 28 comments 25507 reads Police Spying in the Birthplace of the First Amendment by Dave Lindorff 11 comments 14569 reads Shame on Us All by Robert Parry 44 comments 17045 reads David Kuo's Book "Tempting Faith": The Author's Agenda, the Authoritarian Behavior He Reports, And the White House's Response by John W. Dean 34 comments 106156 reads Olbermann Special Commentary Nov. 1 by Barry Ragin 28 comments 27566 reads Housing Bubble Smack-down by Mike Whitney 30 comments 28159 reads At Least We Aren't Nazis! by Pamela Troy 10 comments 14917 reads An Important Story You Didn't See by Stephen Pizzo 34 comments 27740 reads Why I Love Santa by Cenk Uygur 9 comments 12055 reads Delusions of victory by Sidney Blumenthal 20 comments 14051 reads The Public Housing Struggle in New Orleans: A Tale of Two Sisters by Bill Quigley 3 comments 12042 reads Saddam is Dead by punkmonksf 34 comments 42717 reads The 2006 WTF? Awards! by Ed Naha 8 comments 12764 reads Olbermann: Special comment about â€˜sacrificeâ€™ by sofazappa 9 comments 11797 reads Socialism Smirking Chimp on Facebook Upcoming events no upcoming events available more Browse archives « January 2017   Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31         Follow us Become a fan Subscribe Search Advertisement The Daily Chimp Links to our front-page articles, emailed to you once a day. E-mail: Subscribe Unsubscribe Previous issues Syndicate Blogroll Blogs Alan Bisbort Alicublog Americablog Andrew Bard Schmookler Atrios Bad Attitudes Barry Lando Barry Yourgrau Barbara O'Brien Bartcop Blog Report Bob Geiger Booman Tribune BTC News Chris Floyd Cliff Schecter Crooks and Liars Culture Kitchen Daily Kos Dave Lindorff David Corn David Sirota David Swanson Demosthenes Digby Ed Naha Ed Tant Firedoglake Greg Palast Hal O'Boyle James Wolcott Jayne Lyn Stahl Jesus' General Joe Bageant Josh Marshall Len Hart Liberal Oasis Making Light Media Is A Plural My Left Wing Pierre Tristam PM Carpenter Political Junkies RJ Eskow Riverbend Roger Ailes Rude Pundit Russ Baker Sadly, No Scholars & Rouges Scott Shuster Seeing The Forest Skippy Stephen Elliott Stephen Pizzo Steve Gilliard Susie Madrak Ted Rall Timothy Gatto William Fisher Worldwide Sawdust Advocacy Mesothelioma Treatment News & Commentary AlterNet Antiwar.com Black Agenda Report Black Commentator Buffalo Beast BuzzFlash Consortium News Common Dreams CounterPunch Crisis Papers Democratic Underground Democrats.com Dissident Voice Drudge Retort In These Times The Huffington Post MediaChannel The Nation The Progressive The Washington Monthly Scoop TomPaine.com Truthdig Truthout Virtual Citizens Working For Change Radio & TV The Young Turks Thom Hartmann Who's online There are currently 3 users and 39 guests online. Online users MissMarple johndamos cewillir   100 Most Recent Threads | Topics & Issues | Events | Polls | Chimp 1.0 Home | Top About | Contact | Advertise | Shop | Donate Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011 Smirking Chimp Media bot trap
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Bee Gees And ‘Saturday Night Fever’ Tribute To Be Held On Valentine’s Day, Special To Air Later On CBS Entertainment 2017-01-27 Barron Trump Character In Comedy Show: Despite Choppy Waters, Show Opens Saturday Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-27 I Decided To Give Donald Trump A Chance, But I Was Wrong News 2017-01-27 Malia Obama Boldly Defies Donald Trump, Joins DAPL Protests News 2017-01-27 FedEx Driver Rescues American Flag From Protesters Trying To Burn It [Video] News 2017-01-27 Ex-Soviet Leader Mikhail Gorbachev Issues Chilling War Warning For Trump Era Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors, Spoilers: Upcoming Advertisements May Have Spoiled WWE Universal Championship Match Results For ‘Royal Rumble’ Basketball 2017-01-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Clippers And Knicks Seeking Third Team To Complete Carmelo Anthony Deal — Who Will Land In New York? Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors: ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Results Spoilers For Championship Match Winners Revealed By Sportsbook? Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Triple H Says That He Is ‘Not Happy’ With Where NXT Currently Is And He Knows What The Problem Is Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 27, Near Perfect Graviton Forfeit BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Trump Didn’t Photoshop His Hands To Look Bigger – But He Did Hold Theresa May’s Hand [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Calexit: California Secession Movement Fueled By Trump Presidency BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Author George RR Martin To Release New Writing In 2017 ‘Book Of Swords’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stock Update: Current Availability, When And Where Is The Next Stock Expected? Gaming 1 0 0 January 25, 2017 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stock Update: Current Availability, When And Where Is The Next Stock Expected? Hemal Vora Nintendo NES Classic Edition stocks or rather the lack of it has disappointed fans ever since the console was released back in November. The company has clearly been unable to maintain the supply to meet the ever-increasing demand. Desperate fans have been camping overnight outside the retail stores and battling the cold weather to lay their hands on the miniature consoles. Some fans have even blamed the company and accused them of supplying lesser quantities to create more buzz around the product as a part of their marketing strategy. However, the stocks have been replenished at several retailers, and this news should give hope to several fans that have now been waiting for the consoles since its launch. Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks At GameStop Gamestop has received limited stocks for the Nintendo NES Classic Edition. Since the stocks are available in limited quantities, the miniature consoles will be sold till stocks last and only one per customer, as reported by Mashable. [Image by Kotsovolos Panagiotis/Shutterstock] In all probability, by the time you read this most of them would have already been sold out. You can check the availability of the NES classic edition stocks at NowInStock. It is advisable to call your local GameStop stores to check if the consoles are still available. The NES classic will be sold at GameStop for $59.99, with no premium pricing. GameStop is also offering higher money backs from trade-ins. Customers can get a $50 in-store credit for Xbox One trade and a $25 credit on any trade of PlayStation Vita or Nintendo 3DS to put towards their purchases. Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks At Target Target has been one retailer that has consistently managed to acquire the NES mini consoles. It has clearly outwitted its competitor Walmart in providing the consoles. Again, the number of consoles that Target receives is very limited. So, chances of them lasting long are slim. However, there is one trick that can help you buy your NES Classic Edition gaming consoles. [Image by Barone Firenze/Shutterstock] The amount of new stock that arrives at each store will undoubtedly differ based on the size and location of the store. So rather than going to the Target stores in cities, fans can go to larger Target stores in the suburban region near the major cities. It is also advisable to check the Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks at BrickSeek. They provide complete information about availability and number of consoles available at a particular Target store. Check the availability by entering your area code and do glance at any availability in the nearby areas. The best bet still is to check with your local stores about the existing and upcoming stocks. Is Toys R Us Getting New Stocks? Latest rumors suggest that the Toys R Us is getting a huge stock re-supply on January 26. However, Toys R Us has not made any announcement about the replenishing the stocks for NES classic edition consoles. So, at this point, it is not confirmed whether Toys R Us will get new NES Classic Edition consoles or not. Fans can keep an eye on Toys R Us for next few days, just in case if the speculation turns out to be true. Nintendo NES classic hunters can check the stock updates on Stockinformer. Feature: The Quest for the Ultimate NES Classic Edition Wireless Controller https://t.co/wKqrL3B2bC #NES #Retro pic.twitter.com/L5alYLgjx8 — Nintendo Life (@nintendolife) January 20, 2017 Meanwhile, gamers are worried that Switch will meet the same fate as NES Classic mini. However, the good news is that 20 million Switch units will be released on the day of its launch. The COO of Nintendo America, Reggie Fils-Aime recently revealed this information and also assured that the company is working hard to provide sufficient NES Classic Edition stocks. But, several fans who have been waiting eagerly, still believe that this was a marketing gimmick by Nintendo that went wrong. What do you think about the current stock situation? Share your views in the comments section below. [Featured Image by Nintendo] Now Watch This: Nintendo Switch Takes Aim At A New Generation Now Read This: Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Hemal Vora Tags: NES Classic Stocks, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stock Update, NES Classic Edition locations, Nintendo NES classic Stock news September 2, 2013 Diana Nyad Live Feeds Go Up To Watch Finish Of Cuba To Florida Swim [Breaking] September 2, 2013 1-Year-Old Baby Shot Dead In Stroller In Brooklyn [Video] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Mischa Barton’s Mental Meltdown Caused By Estranged Mom, Financial Woes, And Drug Addiction, Sources Claim Queen Elizabeth Influences In Theresa May Visit: Invites Trump To U.K., Talks Military, NATO Sir John Hurt, Legendary Actor Dies At The Age Of 77 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 7: Maisie Williams Says New Season Ends On ‘Huge Cliffhanger’ Amber Finney: Police In Ohio Hunt For Woman Who Performed Sex Act On Dog In Disturbing Viral Video Alien Abduction ‘Proof’ Caught On Google Earth Debunked By UFO Hoax-Buster Malia Obama Boldly Defies Donald Trump, Joins DAPL Protests WWE Rumors, Spoilers: Upcoming Advertisements May Have Spoiled WWE Universal Championship Match Results For ‘Royal Rumble’ Rasheeda From ‘Love and Hip Hop Atlanta’ Responds After Joseline Hernandez Shades Kirk Frost On ‘The Real’ FedEx Driver Rescues American Flag From Protesters Trying To Burn It [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 26.9k 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 6.4k 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 4.2k 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 3.7k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 74.9k 0 0 IU And Jang Kiha Breakup: K-Pop Idol Actress Of ‘Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo’ And Radio Host Separate After 4 Years Of Dating 3.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Space Watch SpaceX Launch First Rocket Since Explosion Technology Snapchat Chooses London For New Headquarters Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null
WTVF Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Radar & Maps 7-Day Forecast Live Cameras Current Conditions Forecast Pages Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Inside Workforce Development The Income Guys Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 36° Clear 3-Day Forecast HI: 47° LO: 28° HI: 41° LO: 31° HI: 41° LO: 28° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Hatchimals lawsuit: Parents sue over 'unhatched,' 'defective' toy Class-action lawsuit claims maker scammed buyers Clint Davis 8:26 AM, Jan 25, 2017 8:36 AM, Jan 25, 2017 Share Article Spin Master / Amazon Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next Parents are lining up to sue the makers of Hatchimals, Christmas 2016's hottest toy, claiming they were victims of a marketing scheme. A woman from Bakersfield, Calif. is listed as the primary plaintiff but other customers have joined the lawsuit against Canadian toy company Spin Master, according to files obtained by Consumerist. The lawsuit claims the woman bought a Hatchimal for $50 from a California Wal-Mart on Jan. 14, 2017 as a birthday gift for her daughter. After giving her daughter the toy, legal documents claim the pair "followed the instructions included in the packaging, but the Hatchimal failed to hatch. The toy remains unhatched in its egg." Advertising materials for Hatchimals indicate the toy — which consists of a large plastic egg containing a robotic toy animal — is supposed to "hatch" after a specific set of instructions are followed. Spin Master's website indicates "hatching time varies" and that each Hatchimal is unique. They estimate the hatching process can take from 10-to-40 minutes to complete. The lawsuit claims its plaintiffs followed the instructions but "were left disappointed when their Hatchimal failed to live up to its name." "When we purchase an iPhone, we expect it to make a phone call," the legal documents read. It goes on to claim millions of families were victims of a "bait-and-switch marketing scheme perpetrated by Spin Master." Spin Master has not directly addressed the lawsuit but in a statement on its website, the company acknowledged that customers had been working with its troubleshooting team to help hatch some of its Hatchimals. In a post to its Facebook page on Dec. 25, 2016, Spin Master said, "We are sorry to hear that some of you are having challenges with your Hatchimals." "We are pleased to report that many consumers have experienced success through connecting and/or troubleshooting with our Customer Care Team," a statement read at Hatchimals.com. Read the full statement below, as it appeared on Jan. 25, 2017. Hatchimals were apparently a big success for Spin Master. The company's stock soared at the Toronto Stock Exchange in November 2016, as the holiday shopping season ramped up. The law firm that filed the class-action lawsuit claims it wants a court order forcing Spin Master to recall Hatchimals, as well as unspecified monetary damages for the affected consumers. Clint Davis covers entertainment and trending news topics for the Scripps National Desk. Follow him on Twitter @MrClintDavis. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Building a Board Game Empire on Disney’s Shoulders After Settlers of Catan, cardboard and plastic are booming. Jacobe Chrisman’s Wonder Forge has channeled that success into the kid zone. by David Sax More stories by David Sax January 25, 2017, 8:00 AM EST From Subscribe Reprints Chrisman’s Wonder Forge has perfected the not-boring board game. Photographer: Meron Menghistab for Bloomberg Businessweek On a large, reclaimed-metal conference table in the lofty, brightly painted Seattle offices of Wonder Forge—among roaming dogs, treadmill desks, a surfboard, and Snoopy and Darth Vader figurines—the company’s latest board game is ready for play. Flight of the Jaquins, which is scheduled to be released in May, is based on the Disney Channel’s Elena of Avalor; Elena, as anyone with young kids knows, is a Latina princess with magic powers. The game’s cardboard playing surface and other components will look familiar to adults who grew up with Monopoly, Sorry!, and the Game of Life: illustrated instructions in English (and Spanish); colored dice that correspond to treasure cards; a stack of spell-casting cards; and four plastic Jaquins, which are mythical flying jungle cats. The centerpiece is a pop-up Mission-style castle where Elena and her friends live, and it presents Wonder Forge Chief Executive Officer Jacobe Chrisman, 43, with a challenge. “How do we do something big and real but also make it safe for kids and resilient enough that it won’t break if your brother steps on it?” he asks, examining the prototype. “All of which has to fit into a $15 package.” Flight of the Jaquins Courtesy Wonder Forge It’s not the first time Chrisman has had to ask this question. Potential smushings by rambunctious siblings are a habitual concern for the company, which, since its founding a decade ago, has become the dominant maker of licensed children’s board games. Many in the toy industry assume that the way to win a kid’s heart is via apps and other technological gewgaws, but Wonder Forge has carved out a lucrative niche in the board game market. You might not recognize the name, but chances are you’ve come across a Wonder Forge invention: The company sells 8 million games annually, for age 3 and up, at retailers such as Walmart, Target, and Toys “R” Us. Its 120 titles feature characters including Peppa Pig, Curious George, and Mickey Mouse, as well as those from the Frozen film and the Marvel universe. Spurred by hits such as Settlers of Catan and Cards Against Humanity, the overall U.S. board game market grew from $794 million in 2008 to $1.6 billion in 2015, or more than 100 percent, according to NPD Group’s retail tracking service. The service doesn’t break out figures for preschool and children’s sales. But in a separate report from November, NPD found that in the first three quarters of 2016, children’s and preschool game sales took in $400 million, a 20 percent increase over the same period in 2015. Like smoothies blended with spinach, Wonder Forge games are designed to sneak healthy stuff into something kids enjoy The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter “Wonder Forge is able to reach beyond that niche of progressive parents” who worry about the havoc wreaked on their toddlers’ brains by too much screen time, says Jon-Paul Dyson, a director of the International Center for the History of Electronic Games at the Strong National Museum of Play in Rochester, N.Y. Like smoothies blended with spinach, Wonder Forge games are designed to sneak healthy stuff into something kids enjoy. None of it’s something a boy or girl would notice while playing Disney Princess Enchanted Cupcake Party, but it’s the velvet rope separating Wonder Forge’s games from its competitors’. Its licensing deals allow beloved characters such as, say, Frozen’s Elsa, to teach skills both social (negotiation, empathy, cooperation) and cognitive (pattern recognition, strategy, balance). “Playing a game, you learn simple things like how to take turns, how to be part of a team, how to bluff, how to win or lose without being a jerk,” says Stephen Conway, a board game designer who runs the blog Major Fun. “But you also get to know the people you’re playing with. You learn about them, and they learn about you by how you play.” Enchanted Cupcake Party Courtesy Wonder Forge Ironically, Chrisman turned cardboard evangelist during the late-’90s dot-com boom. In 1999, after selling for an undisclosed amount a data-mining software company he founded, he intended to go into the video game business. Instead, Chrisman was recruited to work at a new board game company two former Microsoft employees had started the previous year. It was called Cranium. The Trivial Pursuit-Pictionary-charades hybrid game of the same name that it designed for age 12 and up sold 15 million copies before Hasbro bought it and the rest of Cranium’s catalog in 2008 for $77.5 million. Although Chrisman left Cranium in 2004, he remained, he says, a “significant shareholder.” (He won’t disclose his takeaway from the sale.) After returning from a 2005 surfing sabbatical, he realized there was a gap in the board game market, which skewed toward innovative adult strategy games or uninspired games for children. “What people were used to 10 or 12 years ago were licensed games that were either so simple you’d throw them away or something you’d played before,” like a Disney version of Monopoly, Chrisman says. His idea was to combine the originality of adult game design with the popular characters youngsters love. I Can Do That! Courtesy Wonder Forge Wonder Forge began by licensing popular preschool book franchises—Dr. Seuss’s The Cat in the Hat, Eric Carle’s The Very Hungry Caterpillar, and Richard Scarry’s Busy, Busy Town—and inventing games that brought these stories to life. Rather than base each one on the predictable “roll and move” formula most competitors rely on, Wonder Forge makes products that reward different styles of play—tabletop-based strategizing, performing physical challenges, and simple memory matching. (Wonder Forge works with Seattle design firm Forrest-Pruzan Creative to shape the look of its merchandise; the principals were colleagues at Cranium.) The Cat in the Hat’s I Can Do That! requires players to crawl backward under a foam stick with a plastic boat between their knees. All props are included. The company’s games are imagined for the youngest of the young but geared no less to parents. “A great kid’s game is great because it’s a great game” regardless of what age range it’s intended for, says Steve Tassie, chief curator of Snakes & Lattes, a popular game cafe and store in Toronto. (Put another way: “Any preschool game worth its salt is a fabulous drinking game,” Chrisman jokes.) This whole-family approach isn’t easy. The younger the players, the more limited a toy’s ability to engage kids who are even slightly older. Wonder Forge games have won industry awards for their cross-generational appeal—the instructions for I Can Do That! explicitly recommend adjusting or ignoring rules depending on the players, which isn’t the industry norm. And Flight of the Jaquins will be one of the company’s first attempts at growing with its fans: The rules will change depending on which of three challenge levels are accepted; in each one, a player adds additional cards, characters, and pieces in what Chrisman calls a “graceful graduation of difficulty.” Eye Found It! Courtesy Wonder Forge Wonder Forge and Disney began working together in 2012 after an executive played I Can Do That! with his daughter and was impressed enough to reach out to Chrisman. Since then, the entertainment company has been Wonder Forge’s biggest source of licensing revenue growth. Disney’s Eye Found It! is evidence of how Wonder Forge envelops kids in all things Disney. The board is 6 feet long, and players have to work together to get their favorite character to Cinderella’s castle before midnight. To advance, participants dive into a Where’s Waldo?-style treasure hunt—or, depending on your perspective, branding buffet—for items from dozens of Disney movies: the orange pylons from the Cars auto repair yard and roses from the little French town in Beauty and the Beast, for example. The game, introduced in 2013, has sold more than 750,000 units, encouraging other versions with Disney properties such as Star Wars. The sequels aren’t just re-skins either. Instead of a 6-foot-long rectangle, the Star Wars rendition is made up of seven planets, including the Death Star; elements of game play change, too. Sales of Wonder Forge games have increased more than 30 percent annually over the past four years, and Chrisman says yearly revenue is in the “double digit millions.” This month the company will formally merge with Ravensburger, a German game and puzzle giant that’s been around since the 19th century and has had a controlling stake since 2011. The arrangement promises to help Wonder Forge leverage its licensing relationships to enter the puzzle market. Wonder Forge is also making nonlicensed games skewed to an older audience. Last summer it rolled out three exclusively at Target, including a Clue-like jewel thief game called Suspicion. Wonder Forge spends nothing on advertising. It markets, in part, through parent and toy blogs; the company has a database of 3,000 tester families across the country who receive reviewer copies. Ultimately, Chrisman says, good games sell themselves. His fiercest critics remain his daughter, 7, and son, 5, who make the slightly unreasonable demand that he bring home a new game every night. “When I didn’t have kids, I always second-guessed myself,” Chrisman says. “Now, if I see them getting into a game, I say, ‘We have something here.’ ” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Trending: 9 Secret Ways to Use Toothpaste That Will Make You SmileHow a Mexican Tariff Will Boost the Cost of 6 Common Purchases15 Super-Easy Ways to Save Big Bucks at the MoviesHow the Trump Tax Plan Will Affect YouDow Hits 20,000: Here’s What It Means for YouReport: Walmart to Begin Selling Cars Register / Login Articles Trending 9 Secret Ways to Use Toothpaste That Will Make You Smile How a Mexican Tariff Will Boost the Cost of 6 Common Purchases 15 Super-Easy Ways to Save Big Bucks at the Movies How the Trump Tax Plan Will Affect You Dow Hits 20,000: Here’s What It Means for You Report: Walmart to Begin Selling Cars Categories Around The House Business Cars College Credit & Debt Eco-Friendly Family Insurance Investing Jobs & Work Real Estate Retirement Shopping Taxes Tech Travel Ripoffs Ask Stacy Video Vintage Deals Coupons Solutions MTN Solutions Center No matter what your financial situation, whether you have more debt than you can deal with or are just looking for a credit card with better rewards, we can help you find what you need. Get help with Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Register Login Deals Coupons Solutions Search for: Search Search for: Search Sign up for our free newsletter and we'll send you a PDF with 205 ways to save! Click here to sign up now! Sign up More Amazon Prime versus Sam’s Club: Which Membership Offers the Most? More Great Articles! Our free newsletter is filled with articles just like this. Sign up now and get a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up We respect your privacy and do not share or sell email addresses. See our Privacy Policy for more information. Daily Tips That Can Change Your Life Join our 367,482 active subscribers! Daily tips to make more, spend less, and reach your goals Fun-to-watch videos, easy-to-read articles Get any money question answered in our forums Sign up Thank you for all of the advice and news you share; it is priceless! I post so many of your things on Facebook. Please keep up the great work. Harmony These are real, unsolicited comments from our readers. Find Solutions Get help with ... Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better ... Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Popular Videos Things You Must Buy at the Dollar Store Things You Shouldn't Buy at the Dollar Store Cheap Car Fixes You Need to Do Now Best and Worst Things to Buy in January 2017 Simple Tricks to Make You Richer Best and Worst Things to Buy in December 2016 Recent Videos 9 Secret Ways to Use Toothpaste Tax Hacks 2017: How to Avoid an Audit Tax Hacks 2017: The Best Tax Apps Tax Hacks 2017: How to Deduct Your Home Office What's Hot How to Cut the Cable TV Cord in 2017Family 8 Major Freebies and Discounts You Get With Amazon PrimeSave 8 Creative Ways to Clear ClutterAround The House Study: People Who Curse Are More HonestFamily This Free Software Brings Old Laptops Back to LifeMore Pay $2 and Get Unlimited Wendy’s Frosty Treats in 2017Family Protecting Trump Will Cost Taxpayers $35 MillionFamily The 3 Golden Rules of Lending to Friends and FamilyBorrow 6 Reasons Why Savers Are Sexier Than SpendersCredit & Debt Resolutions 2017: Save More Money Using 5 Simple TricksCredit & Debt Porta-Potties for Presidential Inauguration Cause a StinkFamily Tax Hacks 2017: Don’t Miss These 16 Often-Overlooked Tax BreaksTaxes 5 New Year’s Resolutions That Will Pay Off 10 Years From NowCollege Looking at buying a warehouse club membership or an Amazon Prime membership to save money? We dissect what each offers so you can make an informed choice. By Geof Wheelwright on January 25, 2017 Photo by Khunpat17 / Shutterstock.com When I think about clubs, I’m always reminded of that old joke (originally attributed to comedian Groucho Marx) about not wanting to belong to any club that would have me as a member. But there are lots of clubs I can join that will save me money — from AARP to AAA to Costco to Sam’s Club to Amazon Prime — and I’m happy to be a member of any of those. Warehouse shopping clubs are descendants of the shopping co-ops that used to dot the country’s small towns and farming communities. Today’s warehouse-style shopping clubs probably owe their heritage to California entrepreneur Sol Price — who opened the first “Price Club” store in San Diego in 1976 in an old aircraft hangar once used by Howard Hughes. Price Club later merged with Costco. Amazon dominates Warehouse clubs have for a number of years faced increasingly tough competition for your shopping dollars from online retailers, most notably Amazon, which boasts a market value of $355.9 billion — making it larger than Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Macy’s, Kohl’s, Nordstrom, JC Penney and Sears combined. Sam’s Club versus Amazon As a consumer, it’s a good time to compare the value of a traditional warehouse club membership (like Sam’s Club) with Amazon and its Amazon Prime membership. So that’s exactly what we’re going to do — and show just how and why you might choose one over the other. In order to compare, as much as possible, “apples to apples,” we have picked the $100 Sam’s Plus membership from Sam’s Club, just a buck more expensive annually than the $99 annual Amazon Prime membership. Sam’s Club Sam’s Club has the immediate and obvious advantage over Amazon of offering both brick and mortar stores as well as online shopping. Amazon does have a handful of retail sites — in Seattle, San Diego and Portland, with plans for additional stores in Chicago; Dedham and Lynnfield, Massachusetts; Paramus, New Jersey; and New York City. But that pales in comparison with the 655 outlets operated by Sam’s Club across the United States and Puerto Rico. So if you are near any one of those 655 outlets, Sam’s Club has the advantage of in-person shopping. Here are a few of the other things you get when you sign up for Sam’s Club: Cash back: $10 for every $500 spent in qualifying purchases (up to $500 annually). Extra Protection Service Plan: Members get an extra year of coverage when they buy a “Sam’s Club’s Protection of Care Plan” with their purchases. Note, however, that this plan excludes cameras, computers, smartphones and tablets. Discounts on select prescription drugs: It includes five select prescriptions available for free every day, with more than 200 prescriptions available at $4 and 400+ more prescriptions available at $10. Benefits and discounts on eyewear and vision products: Members get $50 off their first pair of glasses (frame and lens) with the purchase of a year’s supply of contact lenses, as well as $40 off a second pair of glasses with the purchase of two complete pairs of regularly priced prescription glasses not using vision insurance. Sam’s Club MasterCard: This card provides 5 percent cash back at U.S. and Puerto Rico gas stations and on gasoline at Sam’s Club (with 3 percent cash back on dining and travel and 1 percent cash back on other purchases). Instant Savings: Sam’s Club says it provides “special savings” from its top suppliers that go beyond the savings regularly offered to members. Tire and battery services: Members get free flat repair, regardless of where your tires were purchased, plus free battery testing and free wiper-blade installation. Also get free emergency tire changing with purchase of a Premium Tire Installation package. Amazon Prime Amazon Prime also includes a lot of benefits, although many of them relate to getting free digital content, rather than discounts. Here are a few highlights: Prime Shipping: Amazon offers free two-day shipping on a lot of items and free same-day delivery in select areas. Amazon Family: 20 percent off diaper subscriptions and 15 percent off eligible products from a baby registry. Prime Video: Membership includes access to a basic library of “thousands” of movies and TV shows. Early access to deals: Prime members get 30-minute early access to “lightning deals” on Amazon.com. Amazon Prime store credit card: The card promises 5 percent back on purchases. Prime Now: Amazon offers one- and two-hour delivery times on “tens of thousands of items” from Amazon and local stores. Member discount on video games: Discounts apply to preorders and collector’s editions for PC, PlayStation 4, XBox One, Wii U, 3DS and more. Prime Music: Amazon offers streaming access to 2 million songs with this “basic” music service (Prime members also get a discounted rate to subscribe to the much larger catalog in Amazon Music Unlimited). A little mystery shopping If we do a quick, highly unscientific, “mystery shopping” poll of three random items from Amazon and the same (or similar) items from Sam’s Club, then Sam’s Club appears to win on price, but only by a hair. A 55-inch smart TV from LG (the VIZIO SmartCast 55-inch Class Ultra HD Home Theater Display — E55u-D2 to be specific) costs $578 at Sam’s Club and the same amount (well, $577.99) from Amazon. Amazon does have a variety of other sellers for this kind of item, so it is possible to find a refurbished one for less. But what about just getting some coffee for your morning brew? Well, Sam’s Club wins this one handily — with a price of $16.98 to get a 32-ounce package of Starbucks Pike Place Roast Ground Coffee if you buy it in-store (compared with $26.35 if you order the same item from Amazon). How about something that will help you keep those New Year’s resolutions to get in shape? For that, we selected the stylish-looking Fitbit Blaze watch and fitness tracker. At Sam’s Club, you’ll pay $198.98 — and at Amazon, the same item is $199.61 (although it is available for as low as $190 from another Amazon seller, as long as you’re willing to wait at least a week for shipping). Why not both? The great thing about getting both Sam’s Club and Amazon Prime memberships is that they are complementary. If you’re a big consumer of digital content (music, video and eBooks) — and you shop Amazon regularly anyway — then it won’t take you long to make back the cost of your Amazon Prime membership on reduced shipping costs (and monthly fees you don’t have to pay for other streaming music and video services). Meanwhile, Sam’s Club provides discounts on everyday items — whether you buy them in Sam’s Club stores or online — to quickly make back the cost of a Sam’s Club membership. To get an idea of how quickly you could earn back the cost of the $100 annual membership, take a look at your monthly grocery list, then use the Sam’s Club website to compare the cost of the same items if you bought them there. Do you have a favorite discount warehouse or online shopping membership? Share how you save money in comments below or on our Facebook page. This story contains affiliate links, which means Money Talks News may get a commission if you decide to purchase anything from some of the companies in this story. However, we only recommend products we love. Using affiliate links helps us keep the lights on, and allows us to continue to offer you great money-saving tips every day. Thanks for helping! It's not the usual blah, blah, blah I know... every site you visit wants you to subscribe to their newsletter. But our news and advice is actually worth reading! For 25 years, I've been making people richer without making their eyes glaze over. Take 5 seconds and join our family by clicking here. You'll be glad you did. I guarantee it! Want to learn to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Want tons of ways to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Looking to get out of the rat race? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Daily tips to make and save money Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up 💰🗣📰 Read Next: 10 Super Bowl Party Hacks to Save You Time and Money Disclosure: The information you read here is always objective. However, we sometimes receive compensation when you click links within our stories. Promoted Content More Money Talks News 10 Super Bowl Party Hacks to Save You Time and Money 5 Ways to Save at Bath & Body Works 9 Secret Ways to Use Toothpaste That Will Make You Smile How a Mexican Tariff Will Boost the Cost of 6 Common Purchases 15 Super-Easy Ways to Save Big Bucks at the Movies How the Trump Tax Plan Will Affect You Dow Hits 20,000: Here’s What It Means for You Report: Walmart to Begin Selling Cars Comments Check Out Our Hottest Deals! We're always adding new deals and coupons that'll save you big bucks. See the deals to the right and hundreds more in our Deals section. Click here to explore 1,927 more deals! Holiday Clearance Items at Lowe's: 85% off + free shipping w/ $49 Gillette Razor for free © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. As Seen on TV! We air as part of the local newscast on more than 80 NBC, CBS, ABC, and Fox television affiliates around the country. Find your local affiliate on our map or contact your favorite station and tell them you want Money Talks News. × It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Articles to help you save money and build wealth, delivered daily. Sign up now and receive a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up No thanks, I'm not all that into money.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Following Trump’s lead, Pentagon orders reviews of Air Force One, F-35 fighter jets Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella: How Azure will fend off Amazon Web Services in the enterprise Week in Geek: Microsoft takes on the DOJ, inside Amazon’s giant post-holiday party, and more Pentagon awards $2.1 billion contract to Boeing for more KC-46 tanker aircraft Could Washington state rule the Internet of Things? Maybe, but there are challenges Video: GeekWire predicts 2017’s top tech trends on New Day NW Microsoft design guru explains why originality is ‘vastly overrated’ 50 years after Apollo 1 fire, NASA exhibits fatal artifacts in Florida for the first time Photos: Amazonians storm the ‘Game of Thrones’ Iron Throne — with dogs, bananas and dragons, too Tostitos bag tells you when you’ve had too much to drink and calls an Uber in Super Bowl campaign Geek of the Week: Data scientist Muhammad Ahmad’s many pursuits include AI, art and simulations of dead people Newly appointed FCC chairman announces order to roll back portion of net neutrality rules SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Apple, ACLU join partnership to research artificial intelligence, create best practices NFL legend Joe Montana is launching his own virtual reality football game Google CEO on competition with Amazon Echo and Alexa: Don’t count us out yet Report: Amazon and PayPal have discussed payments partnership, PayPal CEO says Microsoft’s market value surges past $500B for first time in nearly 17 years Trump announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative; Boeing’s Muilenburg, Tesla’s Musk to join council Inside GoDaddy’s rapidly growing Seattle-area engineering office, with CEO Blake Irving How Amazon parties: Inside the tech giant’s massive post-holiday celebration and concert Amazon Web Services’ secret weapon: Its custom-made hardware and network Amazon makes Oscars history with streaming industry’s first-ever Best Picture nomination Shocked by Trump win, Seattle tech vets start news site ‘Presterity,’ using facts to foil new president How Seattle’s office market became a ‘modern day gold rush’ thanks to Amazon and other tech giants UW spinout KenSci raises $8.5M for machine learning platform that predicts which patients will get sick Obama: Amazon is ‘killing traditional retail,’ and ‘relentless’ automation is the real threat to jobs Boeing hints that it’ll unveil its Starliner spacesuits – and maybe who’ll wear them EPA and USDA are latest targets of Trump’s social media gag orders Should online poker really be a crime? High school math teacher makes case for legalization SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Elon Musk drops hints about Donald Trump, a carbon tax … and an L.A. tunnel? Funny video: Amazon Echo misunderstands young boy, accidentally talks about porn In surprise move, Tesla head Elon Musk tweets that Rex Tillerson could be ‘excellent’ Secretary of State What did Trump say now? Oh, it’s just a great new Bad Lip Reading video from Inauguration Day Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Hey, Seattle: Stop being so humble and tout your city’s innovative companies More than 8M people own an Amazon Echo as customer awareness increases ‘dramatically’ Redfin moves into mortgages, will issue home loans in latest bid to upend real estate industry Microsoft counters Chromebooks in schools with new ‘Intune for Education’ service and sub-$200 PC Trending: SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella joining Starbucks board, giving coffee giant another jolt of tech experience by Todd Bishop on January 25, 2017 at 4:20 amJanuary 25, 2017 at 5:53 am Comments  3 Share  280 Tweet Share  186 Reddit Email Read GeekWire's weekly sports newsletter! Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella speaks at the company’s 2016 annual meeting. (GeekWire Photo / Todd Bishop) Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has been nominated to the Starbucks board, creating a new connection between the Seattle-area corporate titans and promising to give the coffee giant additional technology expertise. Starbucks announced the nomination of three new board members this morning: Nadella, Lego Brand Group executive chairman Jørgen Vig Knudstorp and outgoing Sam’s Club CEO and Walmart executive Rosalind Brewer. “Satya Nadella will bring to the Starbucks Board extensive experience and an understanding of how technology will be used and experienced around the world,” said Starbucks in an announcement this morning. “He will provide the Board with invaluable insight in international operations and distribution as Starbucks continues to focus on innovative ways to use technology to elevate the brand and grow its business.” It’s the second big outside board seat for Nadella, who has been CEO of Microsoft for the past three years. Nadella joined the board of Seattle’s Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center last year. That was, at the time, his first outside board seat since becoming CEO. Incoming Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson. (Starbucks Photo) Starbucks is increasingly using artificial intelligence, the cloud and mobile technology, including its Mobile Order & Pay feature, new efforts to personalize the customer experience via its smartphone app, along with a revamped rewards program. Kevin Johnson, who will succeed Howard Schultz as Starbucks CEO in April, was a colleague of Nadella’s during Johnson’s tenure as a Microsoft executive. “I’m honored to have been nominated to join the Board of this world-renowned company,” said Nadella in the news release announcing his nomination to the Starbucks board. “As a regular customer myself, I’ve always admired Starbucks focus and deep passion for its customers and the communities it does business in and hope my years of experience in the technology industry will be of value to the company.” The Microsoft CEO is well-positioned to understand Starbucks’ products. A native of Hyderabad, India, who now lives outside of Seattle, he told the Wall Street Journal previously that he drinks coffee in the morning and tea in the afternoon. The new Starbucks board members will be up for election at the company’s annual shareholders meeting on March 22. In addition, longtime Starbucks board member James (Jamie) Shennan Jr. will retire from the Starbucks board, leaving it with 14 members after the changes. Todd Bishop is GeekWire's co-founder and editor, covering subjects including smartphones, tablets, PCs, video games, and tech giants such as Amazon, Apple, Microsoft and Google. Follow him @toddbishop and email todd@geekwire.com. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire Anniversary Bash on March 15th. We’ll be bringing back the ping-pong paddles, dodgeball courts, foosball tables, beer pong, video games, arcades, sumo wrestling, cornhole, and MORE at Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party. Get your tickets today!   Comments 3 Share  280 Tweet Share  186 Reddit Email Previous StoryScientists use Microsoft Bands and Bing to link lack of sleep to cognitive impairment Next StoryUW spinout KenSci raises $8.5M for machine learning platform that predicts which patients will get sick Filed Under: Microsoft  Tagged With: kevin johnson • Satya Nadella • Starbucks GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Week in Geek: Microsoft takes on the DOJ, inside Amazon’s giant post-holiday party, and more Will the LinkedIn deal really be different? Microsoft looks to recover from difficult acquisition history Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz stepping down, to be replaced by tech vet Kevin Johnson Smartphone orders clog Starbucks shops, forcing coffee giant to revamp store designs Previous StoryScientists use Microsoft Bands and Bing to link lack of sleep to cognitive impairment Next StoryUW spinout KenSci raises $8.5M for machine learning platform that predicts which patients will get sick Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Writing a book is easy with Scrivener, the word processor and project management mastermind GeekWire Deals: Yes, magnetic charging cables for iPhone exist (and they’re under $30) Most Popular on GeekWire How Amazon parties: Inside the tech giant’s massive post-holiday celebration and concert Amazon Web Services’ secret weapon: Its custom-made hardware and network Amazon makes Oscars history with streaming industry’s first-ever Best Picture nomination Shocked by Trump win, Seattle tech vets start news site ‘Presterity,’ using facts to foil new president Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp Build EngineerOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors Earn your MBA in just 18 months. Discover the Technology Management MBA Program. Learn more at an information session February 8th in Kirkland or February 24th online. Game-changing tech and global thought-leaders converge at the #BCTECH Summit Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information sessions February 13 and March 13th Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. Earn your MBA in just 18 months. Discover the Technology Management MBA Program. Learn more at an information session February 8th in Kirkland or February 24th online. Game-changing tech and global thought-leaders converge at the #BCTECH Summit Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information sessions February 13 and March 13th Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Target launches mobile payment system — because you definitely needed another app 627 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Target is rolling out its own mobile payment system. Image: Getty Images/Joe Raedle By Patrick Kulp2017-01-25 01:09:03 UTC Analysis Mobile payment is supposed to simplify the checkout process by eliminating the need to fumble around with cash or credit cards. But how much time does it actually save when every store runs on a separate app? Target became the latest retail chain to announce plans for an in-app store payment option this week, following in the footsteps of big box rivals Walmart and Kohl's. SEE ALSO: Blocking Apple Pay Is a Stupid Move for Retailers The service is expected to launch later this year, initially for holders of Target's REDcard only, according to Recode, which broke the news on Tuesday. A company spokesperson declined to elaborate on what such a system might look like, but it will likely build on Target's existing mobile app and its popular coupons app Cartwheel.  Target currently lets customers use Apple Pay when shopping in its app, but it has resisted expanding the option to its stores. From a retailer's perspective, there are a few clear advantages to offering a proprietary mobile payment system over a more universal one like Apple Pay or Samsung Pay.  A brand-specific service makes digital sales promotions and loyalty programs easier to disseminate and cuts down on transaction costs.  It also allows companies to more efficiently organize data on customers and their behavior into a single hub, an important asset for brick-and-mortar retailers facing increasing competition from data-savvy online stores.  But juggling different apps for each shopping destination can be a headache for pretty much everyone else. Consumer surveys show that this sort of fragmentation is one of the most common reasons people cite for avoiding the switch to mobile wallets altogether. These retailers hadn't always planned to go their separate ways. Target, Kohl's and Walmart were each previously part of a consortium of big box chains convened to back an Apple Pay competitor (though the idea was born long before Apple Pay even launched) called CurrentC — mostly as a way to avoid credit card processing fees. But after a raft of security breaches and technical problems, the effort flopped as badly as many had predicted it would, and each company was left to its own devices. In its wake, some members, like Best Buy and Rite Aid, chose to start accepting Apple Pay, while Walmart blazed the trail for others to strike out on their own. Meanwhile, battling business interests and entanglements among telecoms, banks, retailers and tech companies made it so customers could never be entirely sure where any given mobile payment form would be accepted. That environment doesn't seem to be changing anytime soon. BONUS: Testing out Apple Pay in the Big Apple          Topics: Business, kohls, Mobile, mobile payments, retail, Target, Wal-Mart About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Alcatel to go down modular path with rumored handset announcement at Mobile World Congress 31 minutes ago Samsung's upcoming assistant Bixby confirmed in new job listing 47 minutes ago Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling 1 hour ago Gears of War 4 introduces cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay 1 hour ago View all recent news Gears of War 4 introduces cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay 1 hour ago Here are the fixes, improvements, and known issues in Windows 10 for PCs build 15019 7 hours ago Windows 10 build 15019 now available for PCs in the Fast ring with gaming features and more 8 hours ago AT&T is no longer selling any new Lumia Windows phones 10 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling 1 hour ago Google Docs and Sheets apps get updated with new features 1 hour ago Tesla suing former Autopilot head for poaching engineers, stealing data 5 hours ago Google Chrome 56.0.2924.76 8 hours ago View all Google news Apple formally joins Partnership on AI 9 hours ago iOS 10.3 and macOS 10.12.4 Sierra are now available to Public Beta testers Jan 26, 2017 Apple takes its legal battle against Qualcomm to China, sues the company for a billion yuan Jan 26, 2017 watchOS 3.2 will add a Theater Mode so you can stop annoying people in movie theaters Jan 24, 2017 View all Apple news Google Chrome 56.0.2924.76 8 hours ago Malwarebytes AdwCleaner 6.043 9 hours ago Geek Uninstaller 1.4.3.107 10 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 3 11 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Aukey's PB-Y3 30,000mAh power bank offers Quick Charge 3.0 and USB Type-C Jan 23, 2017 Belkin Boost Up 15W Wireless Fast Charging Pad review Jan 21, 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank Jan 15, 2017 Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks Jan 15, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Microsoft working on Cloud Shell, a 'lightweight Windows version for modern computing world' Jan 26, 2017 Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch Jan 26, 2017 Windows 10 build 14393.726 update now on Update Catalog, here are the fixes 16 hours ago Acer tells owners of its Windows 10 Mobile flagship they won't receive Anniversary Update 12 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get the Microsoft Universal Windows Platform Expert Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals 14 hours ago Get this Multi-Faceted Microsoft Office Professional Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 26, 2017 Get the Machine Learning with Python Course and E-Book Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 25, 2017 Get a lifetime license to Flux 6 for just $49.99 via Neowin Deals Jan 24, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella joins Starbucks board of directors By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Jan 25, 2017 with 13 comments Microsoft's Chief Executive Officer, Satya Nadella, is joining the board of directors of Starbucks, the global coffee company based in Seattle, a few miles from the tech giant's headquarters in Redmond, Washington. Nadella has been nominated to the board alongside Rosalind Brewer, President and CEO of Sam's Club, and Executive Vice President of Walmart; and Jørgen Vig Knudstorp, Executive Chairman of the LEGO Brand Group. Microsoft and Starbucks have worked together before. Microsoft's Band 2 wearable device enabled owners to make purchases at the coffee stores, and a Starbucks add-in was introduced last year for Outlook. An official Starbucks app is also available for Windows 10 Mobile. Starbucks said today that Nadella's appointment to its board will bring "extensive experience and an understanding of how technology will be used and experienced around the world." It added that he will provide useful insights to help Starbucks "focus on innovative ways to use technology to elevate the brand and grow its business." Nadella also serves on the board of trustees for the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. Source: Starbucks via The Verge Tags Microsoft Satya nadella Starbucks Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Galaxy S8 said to have 'infinity display' and 'DeX' Microsoft Continuum-style desktop mode Next Story Xbox One to get custom Gamerpics in a future update Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Miscellaneous Launches and Payloads (updates) in Science Discussion & News Alcatel to go down modular path with rumored handset announcement at Mobile World Congress in Front Page News Falcon 9: Echostar 23 (mission thread) in Science Discussion & News Our New House is On Its Way in General Discussion International Space Station (Updates) in Science Discussion & News Samsung's upcoming assistant Bixby confirmed in new job listing in Front Page News Seagate looking to introduce 14TB and 16TB drives over the next 18 months in Front Page News Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch in Front Page News Trending Stories Microsoft working on Cloud Shell, a 'lightweight Windows version for modern computing world' Jan 26, 2017 with 25 comments Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch Jan 26, 2017 with 22 comments Windows 10 build 14393.726 update now on Update Catalog, here are the fixes 17 hours ago with 12 comments Acer tells owners of its Windows 10 Mobile flagship they won't receive Anniversary Update 12 hours ago with 35 comments Related Stories Microsoft: Our values are clear - we wouldn't work on a registry of Muslim Americans Dec 16, 2016 · Hot! Stockholders question Satya Nadella's mobile division strategy at shareholders meeting Dec 1, 2016 · Hot! Microsoft is partnering with the NFL to create a fantasy football bot Sep 26, 2016 Watch Microsoft's Ignite 2016 conference live right here Sep 26, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Complete White Hat Hacking & Penetration Testing Bundle $888.00 $19.00 98% off Computer Hacker Professional Certification Package $1,499.00 $59.00 96% off Show Comments 13 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Police seek Walmart shoplifting suspect - KFDA - NewsChannel 10 / Amarillo News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home NewsChannel 10 TOO Telemundo Amarillo Mundo FM 102.9 Texas News Now News Pay It Forward Perspective with Brent McClure National International Courts & Crimes The Early Show Money & Business Eastern New Mexico Weather Weather Main StormTrack 10 Interactive Radar Video Sports Local Sports Texas Sports Headlines Sports Galleries Recipes LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Community Food Entertainment Health SLIDESHOWS About Us Main Contact Info Jobs at NewsChannel 10 TV Programming Watch CBS Programming Online here! KFDA, KEYU and KEYU-FM: Job Openings KFDA Annual EEO Public File Report 2015-2016 Closed Captioning Certification News Staff Contests & Coupons Police seek Walmart shoplifting suspect 2017-01-25T13:02:30Z2017-01-25T13:47:29Z Source: KFDA Source: KFDA AMARILLO, TX (KFDA) - Officials continue to investigate a shoplifting incident at the Walmart on Amarillo Boulevard. A suspected shoplifter was approached by a store employee, which is when the suspect reportedly showed a gun and left with merchandise. The suspect then drove away in a gold, four-door vehicle. Anyone with information on this incident is asked to call the Amarillo Police Department at 378-3038. Tips can also be made anonymously through Crime Stoppers at 274-4400 or online at www.amapolice.org Copyright 2017 KFDA. All rights reserved. Today's Local News HeadlinesToday's Local NewsMore>> Changes in trade agreements could cause serious harm to agriculture industry Changes in trade agreements could cause serious harm to agriculture industry Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:26 PM EST2017-01-27 21:26:51 GMT As trade agreements in Washington continue to be restructured, farmers in the panhandle could be the ones to pay. As trade agreements in Washington continue to be restructured, farmers in the panhandle could be the ones to pay. Don Harrington Discovery Center to showcase three new exhibits Don Harrington Discovery Center to showcase three new exhibits KFDA The Don Harrington Discovery Center has partnered with local organizations to bring more fun and active learning opportunities to both children and adults.  The Don Harrington Discovery Center has partnered with local organizations to bring more fun and active learning opportunities to both children and adults.  Clovis man found guilty of first-degree murder Clovis man found guilty of first-degree murder Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 3:10 PM EST2017-01-27 20:10:23 GMT David Gutierrez/ Source: Ninth Judicial District Attorney's Office After 15 years of investigating, the murder of Jose Valverde has been solved.  After 15 years of investigating, the murder of Jose Valverde has been solved.  Cold air moves through the area, high temps in the low 40s Cold air moves through the area, high temps in the low 40s Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:15 AM EST2017-01-27 11:15:55 GMT Weather Outlook for Friday, Jan. 27 Weather Outlook for Friday, Jan. 27 Highland Park Choir chosen to perform with Foreigner Highland Park Choir chosen to perform with Foreigner Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 11:01 AM EST2017-01-27 16:01:48 GMT The band Foreigner is heading to Amarillo and one local high school is getting the chance to hit the stage with the band. The band Foreigner is heading to Amarillo and one local high school is getting the chance to hit the stage with the band.    Can't Find Something? 7900 Broadway Amarillo, TX 79105 (806) 383-1010 FCC Public File publicfile@kfda.com (806) 383-1010 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Best of Bauerle/Beach Weeknights, 10pm - 1am facebook twitter iphoneapp androidapp Text Us: #30930 Phone: (800) 616 WBEN Business: (716) 843-0600 On Air Listen Live Weekly Schedule Bauerle and Bellavia The Sandy Beach Show The Rush Limbaugh Show The Sean Hannity Show Newsroom Staff Ask The Tax Lady Buffalo Means Business with Buddy Shula The Chris McKay Show Coast to Coast The Financial Guys Show Home Improvement Show with Domenic Cortese Investing Sense Senior Radio Buffalo The Robert Saviola Show Your Family Matters with Dr. Darci Cramer On Demand Newsroom Latest Headlines Breaking National News State News National News World News Business News Entertainment News Health News brought to you by Liberty Home Care Tech News Science News Travel News Off-Beat News Business Buffalo Business News AP Business News Markets Summary Sports 2016 Bills Schedule Buffalo Sports Headlines NHL News NFL News NBA News MLB News Golf News NASCAR News Weather Complete Weather Forecast Closings Flight Information News Alerts on Your Computer Events WBEN Photo Galleries WBEN Events Buffalo Community Events Features Contests General Contest Rules WBEN The Feed Blog Bauerle and Beach Sponsors Brenda's Bites Border Crossing Info Poll Results Archive 1Thing WBEN Mobile Streaming WBEN App powered by Valu Home Centers WBEN Text Alerts Be An Insider | More WBEN NewsRadio 930>Audio & Video on Demand>>State run Buffalo Schools w No Paladino? - Hear Bryon McIntyre Tweet Download Share State run Buffalo Schools w No Paladino? - Hear Bryon McIntyre Jan 25, 2017| Related Audio: Blizzard Memories with former WIVB Producer Vic Baker Audio Fri, 27 Jan 2017   ABC's Brad Mielke on Trump and The Media Audio Fri, 27 Jan 2017   White House Reporter Karen Travers Audio Fri, 27 Jan 2017   Blizzard of '77 Author Erno Audio Fri, 27 Jan 2017   + Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate) Now we're talking now about the buffalo schools and the buffalo district parent coordinating council. Is taking action today sending a a note to the state education commissioner they're trying to get the district. Into receivership Brian McIntyre is joining us from the group Brantley got a news conference later on the sporting but what can you tell us about this. Woke him. Who actually Barbara superior court very colorful little recruit history you're already look like you're. There we are where appropriate for a group will break. Are you incompetent little war and currently our football should better that you gore or sir if go to movies shall be good league to be Kirk have not been good. Will school or to actually look good or rather. Opens to recruit her car or two or all of a program of work could break all that. Very. Well all contractual our group. And two. Weren't over water to a mere Cha who. Doing their dark as to who. I know cook or arc proper. This result ready it was he shook central leaders start the product is because they're prepared to render. Super group in oval how we carpenter is prepared will cesspool of true or not they're through with purple ball repent your job back. The so there's two issues here there's said the receivership and Paladino let's continue on the receivership. For just a moment. The schools. That are already under receivership uh oh what have you seen. That you've lights so far there that would cause you to call for the entire district to be placed under crying or cash is gone. Whoa where the water cooler for a group Berkshire. Most current bird bird point bird pursued in the current woes. Fill your doctorate because if effect of entry to seek it if they're open because of contractual. There's. Certainly prohibit the future repeat to give a partnership with their. It will prepared for professional approach Merck are who worked colors would become a short barrels. Victory. Over to Europe train tour school lower with Oprah. Point or every quarter or her true though while we're. Rick Rick you sort of work here so compensation you're due due to contractual. Okay what group was in pursuit of who recruit because we don't require five Cuban group great. It would affect Super Bowl practices. There appeared little push. Because they do vote are your super go to boot. If Luke rigorously durable pitcher who. Performing both up to par. They repeatedly Wal-Mart or what laws are what berg spoke to we're so it's great they. One half billion dollar over who will rule where if there for future. You go to a whole lot of Iraq. And this would you pursue. Both. Played well fortune 100 secure a better quality. Appearances. There are. Different to Herbert. Always wrote The Who rock of oak trees and duke rape. Kyra for a. Are we talking lined the prime McEntire with the district parent coordinating council. Brian is this the first time that your group has asked for a receivership for the entire district and are you optimistic. Don't know about ball very experienced. Properly. Is walking the state and the federal government while also if your pursuit of both the open. Every record. Policy. The dark let food sit back all the true. So who who what goes through perhaps because who would produce who broke is because of our. Well I would give the producer. Or current Arctic look Ford argued so it will go. He broke the district court because it is partly due. Basically could. What are your typical Obama are characters. They were and who you're cookbook toward the appear. Right which was pitcher I was. And they were there are group policy. There are currently. We're if you could lead to better look at this repealed so. Are preparing your local sporting do you go with willful. Ball or spoke for years here the UK we are what are well seventh at Q school. So it all about it on the if your goal put the paperwork you're right it's girl from the hole worked it goes right. Dope voters go along well or. So switching focus right now there Carl Paladino why did the school board as everyone knows his requested. The state Education Department to remove Paladino why did your group. Feel it important to make the same request. Well our record. Is if you're properly. But obviously. With urban go to court you cook so well Borg. Even without electrical work sick so but outward you devote more. For the war war diplomatic district it is Woolfolk who wrote the employer does work here. All of but it's pretty improper. As you wrote. That is Kyle. If who ordered throw that would pollute who is proper. As to be wary sort of took so people usual do all the folks who are excited they're an outward toward so. It brought this football so we'll look at not a people your wife is democracy applicable corporate products that are. Is total B power brokers within this is gonna break this Compass Group because once again. Even in order could also order what legal or everybody not only that. There are true we're seeing it proper. Is about now you're back we're work. Can you did or didn't just start it been like that. It wouldn't quote was can't there's been. If there are so pure laboratory where were ready who. Are they call will be brought. Who Buick group always. Exhibited quote by its last week. Years. They do their. But also there are going to follow through with them properly. It would serve and properly. Could couldn't compete better. So that's where it would you would lose it hired pursuit to be slick looker cop who smooth. Both that we you know follow it cut it it. Doctor Erica. Our Brian thank you and we know you have an 11 o'clock news conference this morning and map we appreciate that the heads up here. For our listeners this morning as Brian McIntyre with the group district parent coordinating council. advertise with us Poll One week into the Trump Presidency, what's your assessment?   Better than expected   About what I expecrted   Worse than I expected   View Results Top Stories Audio Get it Now 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2137 days 13 hrs 59 mins ago WBEN iPhone App 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2137 days 13 hrs 59 mins ago Perks 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2137 days 13 hrs 59 mins ago Contests 03/23/11 10:05 AM Posted 2137 days 14 hrs ago Photo Galleries 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2137 days 13 hrs 58 mins ago RSS Center 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2137 days 13 hrs 58 mins ago Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Jobs   |   EEO Public File   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Contest Rules   |   Internships   |   Copyright Notice
Photos: Polar Bear Plunge 2017 Business Why TV antennas are making a comeback An AirTV Player is displayed at the Dish Network booth during the 2017 CES in Las Vegas STEVE MARCUS / Reuters Photo An AirTV, from Dish, is displayed at CES on January 6, 2017. The Android-based streaming device allows Sling customers to add local broadcast stations into their guide using an external antenna. An AirTV, from Dish, is displayed at CES on January 6, 2017. The Android-based streaming device allows Sling customers to add local broadcast stations into their guide using an external antenna. (STEVE MARCUS / Reuters Photo) Jennifer Van GroveContact Reporter When it comes to television viewing, what’s old is new again as an increasing number of Americans are dumping their cable boxes and going totally retro. That’s right, the tried-and-true TV antenna — just digitally enhanced and minus the goofy bunny ears — is having a moment in the spotlight as people search for cheaper replacements for their cable and satellite TV packages. In fact, since 2013, the percentage of broadband households in the nation using only antennas to watch linear TV has jumped from 9 percent to 15 percent, according to data released this week by Parks Associates. “That's a significant increase and a steady trend upward,” said Brett Sappington, senior director of research at Parks Associate who tracks trends in TV viewing. “There is a bit of a renaissance for the antenna. For many years, the trend in the U.S. was in the rise of pay TV as a primary entertainment option for consumers. But, if you look worldwide, over-the-air broadcasts are by far the dominate way people watch TV channels.” And, really, the resurgence in antenna usage in the U.S. isn’t all that surprising. What with some cable and Internet packages climbing well past $250-per-month, a consumer push back was seemingly inevitable. It certainly doesn’t hurt that all you need is a digital antenna for live access to over-the-air, HD broadcasts on the local stations we all know: ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, PBS and the CW. Plus, you can find several affordable antenna options at your neighborhood Walmart, and plenty more on Amazon. Better still, once you have said antenna, those broadcast channels are all free. Yes, reception, obviously, varies based on your location, but a handy tool from the Federal Communications Commission makes it easy to gauge what stations have the strongest signals in your neighborhood. The antenna’s comeback can be directly linked to the increasing cost of traditional pay TV packages, Sappington said. At the end of 2016, American households, he said, were paying, on average, $84 a month just for cable or satellite TV. “Data consistently shows that the perceived (lack of) value of pay TV is always the No. 1 reason why people cut the cord,” Sappington said. “They say, ‘My pay TV was not worth what I was paying, and so I canceled.’” Truth be told, the households embracing antennas probably never watched the broadcast networks all that much to begin with.   “My impression is that the vast majority of people using antennas are doing it because they've bought into some … streaming service and don't want to watch that much broadcast TV,” said Paul Verna, an Internet TV analyst with eMarketer. Verna theorizes that these renaissance viewers are really just turning to antennas as a fall back in case of a network TV emergency — say the Super Bowl or a major awards show. This observation aligns with the rise of streaming alternatives, which run the gamut and range from on-demand (Netflix) to live (Sling TV), and to super niche (British-TV-only app Acorn TV). Parks Associates tracks more than 130 of these over-the-top (OTT), as in over-the-Internet, services. It turns out that half of the 63 percent of U.S. broadband households that subscribe to an OTT service subscribe to more than one. Ultimately, these streaming choices let consumers piece together their own version of the classic cable bundle. That behavior is getting easier to do with the arrival of new set-top boxes such as AirTV and Tablo. The former merges streaming services with over-the-air signals, while the latter lets users stream and record over-the-air stations. Both plug into your home’s digital TV antenna. So, while the antenna may seem like a blast from past, it really presents a path to the future. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Trump names FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Pai, 44, wants to "fire up the weed whacker" and remove new regulations adopted by Democrats in recent years. Caption Aetna slashes Obamacare participation Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Aetna's about-face on the ACA came less than a month after the Justice Department sued to block the company's $37-billion purchase of Humana. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption Sprint partners with Tidal A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) A source familiar with the deal told Billboard that Sprint paid $200 million for its 33% stake in Tidal. (Jan. 23, 2017) Caption The priciest house for sale in the U.S. The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) The mansion has a four-lane bowling alley, a candy room filled with towering cylinders of sweets and two wine cellars stocked with hundreds of bottles of Champagne and wine. (Jan. 19, 2017) Caption Government sues America's largest student loan servicer The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient Corp. of cheating borrowers. jennifer.vangrove@sduniontribune.com (619) 293-1840 Twitter: @jbruin Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad 21st Century Fox The NFL team that might move to San Diego Iconic Hodad's restaurant co-owner dies 2 scary acronyms in a military town: BRAC and RIF Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 37°
Home Weather 48° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Zika Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Zika Ways 2 Save Home Connect TV Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 3 weather alerts Close 17 total tornadoes confirmed so far in Ga.; number expected to rise RAW: Drone video of Albany damage (NBC) Adrianne Haney, WXIA 5:36 AM. EST January 25, 2017 11Alive's SkyTracker flew over Albany, Ga. on Monday, Jan. 23, 2017 after destructive storms swept through south Georgia. Close to 20 people were killed in the deadly weather. (Photo: 11Alive SkyTracker, WXIA) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST At least 17 tornadoes swept through parts of central and south Georgia over the weekend, the National Weather Service confirms. The tornadoes were part of a deadly system that killed at least 15 people in the state of Georgia and caused an estimated $100 million worth of damage. #HelpGA | How you can help Georgia tornado victims RELATED | Luke Bryan, Cole Swindell planning concert to benefit Ga. tornado victims The following information and descriptions provided by the National Weather Service's office in Peachtree City detail 12 tornadoes that touched down in central and parts of south Georgia. The information lists what strength each tornado was when it hit and some of the damage caused. Tornadoes are listed in alphabetical order by county.   BALDWIN/HANCOCK COUNTY (Deepstep Road) Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-1 Estimated Peak Wind: 95 mph Path Length: 0.53 miles Path Width: 70 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 1:28 p.m. Start Location: Halfway between Milledgeville and Deepstep End Time: 1:30 p.m. End Location: Halfway between Milledgeville and Deepstep   EMMANUEL COUNTY (Canoochee Area) Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-0 Estimated Peak Wind: 80 mph Path Length: 4.8 miles Path Width: 200 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 2:11 p.m.  Start Location: 1 mile SSW of Canoochee End Time: 2:15 p.m. End Location: 3.75 miles NNW of Garfield     HARRIS COUNTY Date: Jan. 21, 2017  Rating: EF-1 Estimated Peak Wind: 100 mph Path Length: 10.95 miles Path Width: 400 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 10:33 a.m. Start Location: 1 mile NW of Fortson End Time: 10:51 a.m. End Location: 2.6 miles W of Waverly Hall Survey Summary: A tornado touched down just northwest of the community of Fortson in southern Harris County. Several homes between Daniel Drive and Gail Drive sustained rather significant roof damage. Winds quickly intensified to around 100 mph around around this location. Numerous trees were snapped or uprooted along West Bonacre Road toward Grey Smoke Trail. Around Grey Smoke Loop, several homes had roof damage and large trees were uprooted. As the tornado approached the town of Cataula, additional large trees were snapped or uprooted. At Billy's Super Market, four to six biscuit cans "popped," likely due to the intense pressure drop/rise from the passing tornado. The tornado lifted just west of Waverly Hall. PHOTOS | Deadly tornadoes cause massive damage in Albany   JOHNSON COUNTY Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-0 Estimated Peak Wind: 85 mph Path Length: 6.5 miles Path Width: 100 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 1:29 p.m. Start Location: Approx. 5.3 miles SE of Wrightsville End Time: 1:36 p.m. End Location: Approx. 5 miles NW of Kite Survey Summary: A tornado touched down in rural Johnson County, just south of Moores Chapel Road. It continued NE crossing HWY 57 and eventually lifted near the intersection of Harrison Road and Fortner Road.   MACON COUNTY Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-1 Estimated Peak Wind: 95 mph Path Length:  9 miles Path Width: 100 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 11:59 p.m. Start Location: Approx. 5 miles SW of Marshallville End Time: 12:07 p.m. End Location: Approx. 4.5 miles E of Marshallville Survey Summary: A brief tornado touched down SW of Marshallville along Winchester Road tracking to the NE, eventually crossing HWY 127. The tornado lifted along Camp John Hope Road, just W of the Macon/Peach County line. Mostly tree damage was noted, but there was minor roof damage that was observed. Three irrigation systems were turned over south of Marshallville.    MONROE COUNTY Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-0 Estimated Peak Wind: 80 mph Path Length:  9.1 miles Path Width: 250 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 12:08 p.m. Start Location: 8.7 miles SSE of downtown Forsyth End Time: 12:20 p.m. End Location: 7.6 miles ESE of Forsyth PHOTOS | Red Cross volunteer captures 'devestating' photos   PEACH/HOUSTON COUNTIES Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-2 Estimated Peak Wind: 110-115 mph Path Length: At least 14 miles Path Width: 250 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 12:11 p.m. Start Location: Approx. 6 miles SE of Fort Valley End Time: 12:29 p.m. End Location: To be determined Survey Summary: A long track tornado touched down along Andel Road, just N of the Peach/Houston County line. It tracked ENE, crossing I-75 in northern Houston County. The majority of the damage west of I-75 was trees either snapped or uprooted. There was minor damage to a couple homes in the form of shingles being blown off. The tornado continued NE, across I-75 uprooting and snapping trees including one that fell onto a nursing home along US-11. The tornado tracked ENE along Sandefur Rd doing a lot of damage to mainly trees. There were a few homes south of the road that sustained some roof damage along Griswold Way. There was some minor damage to a sports complex along Cohen Walker Road and a business northeast of the complex along with some tree damage. The storm crossed HWY 96 near Peach Blossom Road and continued NE through some neighborhoods west of Bonanza Drive causing minor roof and tree damage to some homes. The tornado crossed Feagin Mill Road near the intersection of Bonanza Drive where tree damage and minor roof damage was noted. The storm crossed Moody Drive and began intensifying as strong inflow winds were noted along Sandy Run Road and Echo Lane where brick fences were blown down and numerous trees were snapped or uprooted facing north into the intensifying storm. The worst of the damage occurred near the Walmart and adjacent neighborhood on Windmill Ct. 2 large HVAC units were thrown approximately 50 yards from the top of the Walmart. The auto bay doors on the back of the store were blown in and the roof was blown upward. The rafters on the other end of the store were twisted. Along Windmill Ct and Hidden Creek Circle 1 home had 80 percent of its roof removed and windows and doors blown in. Across the street, another home on Hidden Creek Circle had its garage door and front windows blown in and parts of the roof removed. The storm continued ENE into a mobile home park along Maxwell Drive and Sherry lane and caused damage to another 15-20 homes. One mobile home was nearly destroyed along Sherry Lane. The storm possibly continued onto Warner Robins, however, the NWS did not continue any further NE and will work with Warner Robins AFB to determine if it continued.   SOUTHERN PUTNAM COUNTY (Lake Sinclair) Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-0 Estimated Peak Wind: 75 mph Path Length: 0.60 miles Path Width: 50 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 1:10 p.m. Start Location: Lake Sinclair near the Putnam/Baldwin County Line End Date: Jan. 21, 2017 End Time: 1:12 p.m. End Location: Lake Sinclair near the Putnam/Baldwin County Line PHOTOS | Aerials of tornado damage in Albany, Ga. TROUP COUNTY Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-1 Estimated Peak Wind: 90 mph Path Length: 5.6 miles Path Width: 200 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 8:49 a.m.  Start Location: 4.2 miles SSW downtown LaGrange End Time: 9:02 a.m. End Location: 3.9 miles ESE of downtown LaGrange Survey Summary: A tornado touched down just west of I-85 and crossed near mile marker 13, where several trees were snapped and a metal building structure had part of its roof pulled up and its garage door blown in. The tornado continued its track northeast with additional damage around the Wal-mart Distribution Center, near LaGrange. Several trees were uprooted in this area. The tornado lifted around Upper Springs Road.   UPSON COUNTY Date: Jan, 21, 2017 Rating: EF-1 Estimated Peak Wind: 100 mph Path Length: 1.8 miles Path Width: 175 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0     Start Time: 11:39 a.m. Start Location: 4.6 miles NNE of Thomaston End Time: 11:40 a.m. End Location: 5.8 miles NNE of Thomaston Note: Additional tornadoes likely affected portions of Upson County. Surveys will likely continue across the county on Wednesday.   WASHINGTON COUNTY Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-1 Estimated Peak Wind: 110 mph Path Length: Approx. 15 miles Path Width: 500 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 1:42 p.m. Start Location: Approx. 2.7 miles SSW of Tennille End Date: Jan. 21, 2017 End Time: 2:06 p.m. End Location: 1 mile NE of Davisboro Survey Summary: Tornado damage extends approximately 15 miles in a non-continuous path. Damage likely due to 3 to 4 separate tornadic circulations to be determined at a later time.   WILKINSON COUNTY  Start Date: Jan. 21, 2017 Rating: EF-1 Estimated Peak Wind: 95 mph Path Length: 5.8 miles Path Width: 100 yards Fatalities: 0 Injuries: 0 Start Time: 12:54 p.m. Start Location: Approx. 1 mile SSE of Irwinton End Time: 1:11 p.m.  End Location: Approx. 5.5 miles E of Irwinton Survey Summary: A tornado touched down south of Irwinton, east of US 441 Bypass. The tornado tracked along HWY 57 toward Toomsboro. Photos | Tornado destroys Albany gas station The national agency confirmed an additional five tornadoes -- including ones in Albany and Adel -- that touched down in south Georgia. More specifics are not yet available on those storms, as they are being surveyed by the National Weather Service offices in Tallahassee and Jacksonville, Fla., which cover parts of south Georgia. Details on those storms will be reported once those surveys are completed. (© 2017 WXIA) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Police arrest caretaker accused of elderly abuse JSO asks for help to find missing man and woman Jax Pulse survivor makes miraculous recovery Veteran deputy under investigation Family concerned about health care coverage Women ordering 'secret" drink to stay safe Missing woman, man on Westside Feud between neighbors turns deadly Vigil for teen killed in fiery crash Medical marijuana dispensary coming to Jax More Stories Man accused of killing UNF employee tries to escape… Jan 27, 2017, 8:03 p.m. Beware of the Grandparent Scam in Jacksonville Jan 27, 2017, 6:10 p.m. With several developments underway, Gate Pkwy… Jan 27, 2017, 7:42 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home National Politics Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Radars Conditions Beach Cam Weather Alerts More... Weather Apps Health Detail Mosquito Report Hurricane Central Location Search Local Florida News Georgia News On Your Side Strange News Military News Health News More... Education News Hurricane Central #YouFirst News Tips Buddy Check 12 On Point Business News Good Morning Jacksonville Zika Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Year in Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Traffic Map Travel Sports Georgia-Florida High School Football FSU Seminoles High School Sports College Football Athlete of the Week More... Gators First From You Jaguars Golf News 2016 Olympics RSM Classic Taxslayer Bowl NASCAR NCAA Basketball Tournament The Players Super Bowl Features Entertainment Community The Chat First Coast Living Student of the Week Life In Balance More... Buddy Check 12 Lottery What's Cooking Publix Kitchen 26.2 With Donna Pet Health Tips Contests Men Wear Gowns, too Oscars Teacher of the Week Ways To Save T.D. Jakes CIL Chat Magnify Money Vote Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights NORAD Santa Tracker About Meet The Team ABC 25 Schedule NBC 12 Schedule Jobs at FCN Contact Us Advertise with Us More... Appearance Requests Closed Captioning Appearance Request Weather FAQ ABC Player Justice Network Privacy Terms Community Rules Ad Choices RSS Connect With Us Newsletters Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Crossword The Chat Player USA Today Social Player Weather Apps FCN Connects First Coast Living Player Whats On NBC USA Today Social Player Survey Cobrand Header Cobrand Footer Only © 2017 WTLV-TV Services Advertise With Us Closed Captioning First Coast News Jobs TV Schedule FCC Online Public Inspection File Terms of Service Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Our Partners NBC ABC Cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella to join Starbucks’ board 1 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Jan 25, 2017 at 10:46 GMT3 days ago Starbucks today announced the nomination Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft, to the Starbucks Board of Directors. Along with Satya, they also nominated Rosalind Brewer, President and Chief Executive Officer of Sam’s Club, and executive vice president of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Jørgen Vig Knudstorp, Executive Chairman of the LEGO Brand Group. “For 45 years, the success of the Starbucks brand has been built upon the preservation of the trust, confidence and connection we have with our customers and partners,” said Howard Schultz, Starbucks chairman and ceo. “Innovation and pushing to alter the status quo are also core to our culture, and by welcoming three world-class, values-based leaders — Roz, Jørgen and Satya — to Starbucks Board of Directors upon their election at the Annual Meeting, we will strengthen our leadership and add unmatched expertise in technology, strategy, and retail to the company at a time of unprecedented change for our industry. I look forward to welcoming each of these leaders to Starbucks Board of Directors.” Starbucks mentioned the following about Satya’s nomination in the press release, Satya Nadella will bring to the Starbucks Board extensive experience and an understanding of how technology will be used and experienced around the world.  He will provide the Board with invaluable insight in international operations and distribution as Starbucks continues to focus on innovative ways to use technology to elevate the brand and grow its business.  Nadella has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Microsoft Corporation, a leading productivity and platform company, since February 2014.  He has held various leadership positions at Microsoft since joining the company in 1992.  Nadella currently serves on the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center board of trustees. “I’m honored to have been nominated to join the Board of this world-renowned company,” said Nadella. “As a regular customer myself, I’ve always admired Starbucks focus and deep passion for its customers and the communities it does business in and hope my years of experience in the technology industry will be of value to the company.” Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related microsoft ceo Satya Nadella starbucks Starbucks Board Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Here’s what’s new, fixed, and broken in Windows 10 Build 15019 by Sean Chan 0 Trending Apple’s new MacBooks now officially a flop as Windows PCs take high end market share by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 32: Windows 10 Gaming and Microsoft’s earnings by Andrew Bennett on January 27, 2017 Microsoft’s making money, and sometimes they just so happen to tell us how much they’ve made. The Xbox One’s preview program is also revamped, bringing it much closer to th... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Here’s what’s new, fixed, and broken in Windows 10 Build 15019 by Sean Chan on January 27, 2017 Microsoft today released another major build of Windows 10 to Insiders in the Fast Ring. The latest build of Windows 10 brings a couple of new gaming features, including game broadcasting, a... Windows 10’s latest Insider preview takes gaming on Windows a step further by Mehedi Hassan Gaming on Windows 10 is about to get a lot better with the upcoming Windows 10 Creators Update. Today, Microsoft is introducing a couple of new gaming features for Windows 10 PCs with the la... Gears of War 4’s Social Quickplay playlist gets cross-play by Andrew Bennett Gears of War 4 was The Coalition’s first take on the series, and it introduced some changes that weren’t necessarily related to gameplay. The biggest of them all was that it was ... Here’s the changelog for Windows 10 build 14393.726 by Sean Chan Microsoft released Windows 10 Build 14393.726 to Windows Insiders in the Release Preview ring earlier this week. Today, the company has released the changelog for build 14393.726, which incl... Acer reportedly won’t deliver the Windows 10 Anniversary Update for its Ja... by Mehedi Hassan Acer released its Jade Primo device running Windows 10 Moble more than a year ago. The device featured a 5.5-inch display, the Snapdragon 808 processor, a 21MP rear camera and an 8MP front c... Deals Deals Deal: Get 15% off select Surface Book devices in Australia Microsoft Store is now offering up to 15% discount on select Surface Book devices in Australia. Find the updated price list below. Surface Book – 256GB / Core Intel i7 – 8GB / dG... Deal: Get the entry level Surface Book for just £999 from Microsoft Store UK Microsoft Store UK is now offering £300 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB model is now available for £999.0. Surface Book weighs as l... Deal: Save $200 on the entry-level Surface Book from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $200 discount on the entry-level Surface Book device. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1299. Surface Book... Deal: Get 1TB Xbox One Tom Clancy’s The Division Bundle and free game for ... You can now get the 1 TB Xbox One Tom Clancy’s The Division Bundle for just $249 from the Microsoft Store, saving $100 off of the original $349 price tag. The Xbox One Tom Clancy’s T... Deal: Save 50% on Madden NFL 17 for Xbox One You can now get 50% off EA’s ‘Madden 17’ Super Deluxe Edition for Xbox One from Amazon. This is only for the digital copy of the game, but drops the price of the game from ... Amazon India Deal: Get up to 40% off Xbox One bundles As part of the “Great Indian Sale”, Amazon India is now selling Xbox One consoles starting at just Rs.23,490. If you order using State Bank Debit cards, you can get an additional... Deal: Get Xbox One Bundles from Microsoft UK for only £199.99 Gamers in the UK can now get certain Xbox One consoles for only £199.99. The consoles includes are the 1 TB Xbox One Elite Bundle, the 1 TB Xbox One Limited Edition Forza Motorsport 6 Bundl... ‘Injustice 2’ now available for pre-order and pre-download on Xbox O... The sequel to 2013’s hit fighting game ‘Injustice: Gods Among Us’, ‘Injustice 2’ is now up for digital pre-download and pre-order. Developed by NetherRealm Stud... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy is now offering a great deal on the entry-level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB RAM for $699. I... Deal: Get 15% off select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the UK Microsoft Store is now offering up to 15% discount on select Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book devices in the UK. You can get £195 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Bee Gees And ‘Saturday Night Fever’ Tribute To Be Held On Valentine’s Day, Special To Air Later On CBS Entertainment 2017-01-27 Barron Trump Character In Comedy Show: Despite Choppy Waters, Show Opens Saturday Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-27 I Decided To Give Donald Trump A Chance, But I Was Wrong News 2017-01-27 Malia Obama Boldly Defies Donald Trump, Joins DAPL Protests News 2017-01-27 FedEx Driver Rescues American Flag From Protesters Trying To Burn It [Video] News 2017-01-27 Ex-Soviet Leader Mikhail Gorbachev Issues Chilling War Warning For Trump Era Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors, Spoilers: Upcoming Advertisements May Have Spoiled WWE Universal Championship Match Results For ‘Royal Rumble’ Basketball 2017-01-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Clippers And Knicks Seeking Third Team To Complete Carmelo Anthony Deal — Who Will Land In New York? Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors: ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Results Spoilers For Championship Match Winners Revealed By Sportsbook? Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Triple H Says That He Is ‘Not Happy’ With Where NXT Currently Is And He Knows What The Problem Is Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 27, Near Perfect Graviton Forfeit BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Trump Didn’t Photoshop His Hands To Look Bigger – But He Did Hold Theresa May’s Hand [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Calexit: California Secession Movement Fueled By Trump Presidency BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Author George RR Martin To Release New Writing In 2017 ‘Book Of Swords’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss President Donald Trump-Triumph, The Insult Comic Dog Inauguration Roast [Video] Online Videos 2 0 0 January 24, 2017 President Donald Trump-Triumph, The Insult Comic Dog Inauguration Roast [Video] Scott Hough An NSFW video, produced by Conan O’Brien’s Team Coco, features a President Donald Trump-Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog roast that was recorded on inauguration day in Washington, D.C. The video, which appears to be well-received by its audience, has attracted over 100,000 views and is trending on social media. As those gathered chanted “U.S.A., U.S.A” in the background, the President Trump dog comic roast began with the puppet, who is brought to life by Robert Smigel, commenting on the temperature being “bitter cold,” and it being the first inauguration where it is also “freezing in hell.” Triumph also noted that the sun was one of “many big stars” that refused to appear on inauguration day. Triumph explained that Trump was sworn in on Friday and would be moving into the White House on Monday, “continuing his long tradition of evicting black families.” Surveying the crowd, Triumph observed that the mass of humanity looked like the result of a Walmart vomiting, “nothing but Roseannes and Fieris as far as the eye can see.” The dog comic stated that with all the senior citizens present, he hadn’t seen so much white hair since he saw “Madonna getting out of a limo without panties.” President Donald Trump takes the oath of office with Supreme Court Justice John Roberts, on January 20. [Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Discussing the tight security presence in Washington on Friday, Triumph offered that it takes many people to make sure that First Lady Melania doesn’t run away. The dog then attempted to sell joke tickets to the “antisemitic section” of the audience, teasing potential customers with a possible upgrade to the “anti-Muslim” section. Speaking with a man that identified himself as a “Latino for Trump,” Triumph spoke to him in Spanish, asking “What the **** is wrong with you?” Then, with another man, the dog puppet joked that he had a lot in common with President Trump, in that both have hands up their rear ends. Thankfully, Triumph noted, the hand up his rear end wasn’t Russian President Vladimir Putin’s. Triumph the Wonder Dog might as well do Trump's pressers for now on. That's how much of a waste of time this is. #PEOTUS pic.twitter.com/rQ1JAZRrgF — Diana S. (@Amused0472) January 11, 2017 A true high-point for Triumph The Insult Comic Dog! https://t.co/l7v5evHtlK — Chris Traynor (@christraynor) January 24, 2017 “Because he is a puppet,” Triumph almost trailed off, explaining the wit behind the joke. Turning to Donald Trump’s plans to repeal Obamacare, the comic dog observed that many of his supporters have “preexisting mental conditions.” President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania. [Image by Evan Vucci/Getty Images] When Vice President Mike Pence was sworn in by Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, standing about 10 feet apart on the podium of the west front of the Capitol, Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog expressed the view that it was the closest the former Indiana governor had ever been to a black person. Trying to find common ground with the Trump supporters gathered, the dog settled on Betty White and convinced a spectator to state that the 95-year-old actress “rules.” Triumph then went through the crowd, motivating different members to speak about their admiration for White. By the end of the exercise, the puppet had bystanders saying “White forever” and “White power.” He admitted that the Trump supporters present were a sharper group than he had bargained for. Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog first appeared on Late Night With Conan O’Brien in 1997. Robert Smigel, the puppeteer responsible for bringing Triumph to life, and the dog have been asked to leave more than one venue, including an American Idol audition in Hawaii and the Democratic National Convention in 2004, as a result of their over-the-top antics and insults. As Donald Trump was being sworn in, Triumph speculated that “millions of Americans are peeing in their pants” and that the image served only to “strengthen Trump’s erection.” Noting Trump’s nod to Franklin D. Roosevelt with the line “The only thing we have to fear is fear itself,” Triumph added a long list of other things that seem to frighten Trump, including Mexicans, Muslims, the Middle East, BuzzFeed, and Access Hollywood. The Inquisitr has previously reported on the claims of several women that President Trump sexually harassed them, following the broadcast of audio from an Access Hollywood set of the president speaking about grabbing women “by the p****.” [Featured Image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Madonna Denies Further Malawi Adoption Rumors Now Read This: Mischa Barton’s Mental Meltdown Caused By Estranged Mom, Financial Woes, And Drug Addiction, Sources Claim Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Scott Hough Tags: Conan O'Brien, president Donald Trump, triumph the insult comic dog January 26, 2017 Impeach Trump Petition Gains Steam, But Will It Make Any Difference? January 26, 2017 Duggar Family News: Is Yet Another Sex Scandal Brewing In the ‘Counting On’ Family? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Mischa Barton’s Mental Meltdown Caused By Estranged Mom, Financial Woes, And Drug Addiction, Sources Claim I Decided To Give Donald Trump A Chance, But I Was Wrong Queen Elizabeth Influences In Theresa May Visit: Invites Trump To U.K., Talks Military, NATO Sir John Hurt, Legendary Actor Dies At The Age Of 77 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 7: Maisie Williams Says New Season Ends On ‘Huge Cliffhanger’ Amber Finney: Police In Ohio Hunt For Woman Who Performed Sex Act On Dog In Disturbing Viral Video Alien Abduction ‘Proof’ Caught On Google Earth Debunked By UFO Hoax-Buster Malia Obama Boldly Defies Donald Trump, Joins DAPL Protests Rasheeda From ‘Love and Hip Hop Atlanta’ Responds After Joseline Hernandez Shades Kirk Frost On ‘The Real’ FedEx Driver Rescues American Flag From Protesters Trying To Burn It [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 26.9k 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 6.4k 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 4.2k 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 3.7k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 74.9k 0 0 IU And Jang Kiha Breakup: K-Pop Idol Actress Of ‘Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo’ And Radio Host Separate After 4 Years Of Dating 3.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Celebrity News Mary Tyler Moore Dies Aged 80 After Battling Health Issues Celebrity News Jon Voight Concerned Miley Cyrus And Shia Labeouf Are Teaching Treason Movies Next ‘Star Wars’ Movie Is Called “The Last Jedi” Movie Trailers Second Trailer For X-Men Movie ‘Logan’ Released Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Is economic prosperity the most pressing matter of the town? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-01-25 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information. or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; yoga, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events Niagara Ice Bridges 1:30 p.m. Wednesday, Jan. 25 — Come learn about Ice Bridges on the Niagara River. A representative from the Niagara Region New York State Park will be out with fascinating artifacts and will talk about the science and history of the ice bridges. Sign up in the office. Cuba Presentation 1:30 p.m., Monday, Jan. 30 — One of our longtime members, Bill Westley, traveled to Cuba in November. Come join him as he reports on Havana, old cars, the people, the Bay of Pigs, the countryside and other parts of his very interesting tour. Sign up in the office. Around the World Italian Night 5:30 p.m., Tuesday, Jan. 31 — Tonight we will be celebrating life, family and friends through Italian food, atmosphere and entertainment. Dinner includes chicken Parmesan with pasta catered by Orazio’s. If you love songs by Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin, you will definitely enjoy the music entertainment provided by Nick Batistella. The cost for the evening is $6. Sign up in the office. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Metro Pacific Sun MetroActive Boulevards Santa Cruz Weekly Bohemian Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account North Bay Bohemian News & Features Music, Arts & Culture Food & Drink Columns & Blogs Deals & Giveaways Browse News & Features News & Features Home Culture Features News The Fishing Report News Archives Browse Music, Arts & Culture Music & Arts Home Arts Art Events Books & Literature Music Music Events Find Bars & Clubs Theater Stage Events Movies Movie Times Find A&E Venues Browse Food & Drink Food & Drink Home Dining Small Bites Wine: Swirl Find Restaurants Food & Drink Events Food Archives Browse Columns & Blogs Columns & Blogs Home The Nugget The Fishing Report BohoBlog Boho Beat City Sound Inertia Media Open Mic Letters to the Editor Community Events Columns Archives January 25, 2017 Food & Drink » Dining Tweet Pin It favorite Saving… Email Print Comments Share Omnivorous  What's for dinner this year? By Ari LeVaux click to enlarge BEYOND BEEF Americans love hamburgers, but the search for more ecologically sound alternatives to factory-farmed meat has given rise to the meatless Impossible burger and other vegan substitutes. One issue poised to dominate 2017 is the place of meat in the modern human diet. The issue strikes at the core of our omnivorous nature, while tugging at our heart strings and challenging our intellects. The more I learn about the impact the meat industry has on world hunger, our changing climate and other facets of our environment, the more foolhardy and selfish eating animal products appears to be—unless, perhaps, you're raising or hunting your own, or purchasing from a livestock operation that's sensitive to its environmental footprint. By contrast, consumer interest in the quality of life experienced by the animals that provide us their meat, organs and secretions has spiked. The likes of Walmart and McDonald's are happy to oblige, having pledged to phase out their use of chicken eggs that were laid in a cage. Whether the chickens are truly any better off is an open question. Not coincidentally, 2016 was the year that the veggie burger came into its own, largely on the back of the Impossible Foods burger. This plant-based, umami-rich patty sizzles and browns in the pan, and sheds plant-based red "blood" with each bite you take. Even the least apologetic of meat eaters surveyed have admitted to respecting the Impossible burger, fortified with wheat and potato protein and lubed with coconut oil. The fake-animal-product space has also exploded with the likes of vegan cheese alternatives made from cultured nuts, pink-hued fake shrimp and crab meat, nut- and grain-based "milk" products like almond milk and soy milk, egg-free "mayo" and every kind of vegan substitute for eggs, chicken and most every other piece of flesh or fluid you can imagine. It's not just vegans who are into this stuff. Locavores, climatarians, ovo-lacto-paleo-bacon-vores and good old-fashioned omnivores are finding their way to animal-product-free alternatives for entirely different reasons. Me, I eat meat. Mostly wild game, for which I feel zero guilt, assuming the hunt goes well. While I don't avoid animal products as a rule, I do limit my intake of milk products. I know it isn't cool to admit it, but I like soy milk. I like milk, too. And heavy cream. And cheese, though I long ago settled on mayonnaise as my go-to cheese alternative. The various animal-product industries have not been pleased with these developments, and pushed back big-time in 2016. Unilever, owner of the Hellmanns and Best Foods brands of mayo, took vegan-food processor Hampton Creek to court for using the word "mayo" on the label of its egg-free mayonnaise substitute, Just Mayo. The National Dairy Council attempted, and failed, to make it illegal to use the word "milk" to describe nut- and grain-based milk substitutes like soy or almond milk. In 2016, public understanding and perceptions of fat continued to be turned inside out, especially saturated fat, which has long been assumed to be the culprit behind obesity and related ailments, like heart disease. Once practically unassailable, this position is now being openly questioned, as expert opinion is shifting to the camp that regards sugar as the primary dietary culprit behind obesity. "Saturated fat" is a fancy way of saying "animal fat," but with one big exception: a pair of oils, coconut and palm, derived from closely related tree species. Saturated fats are increasingly understood to benefit brain health, as well as other crucial body functions. The relative merits of unsaturated fats, meanwhile—especially those found in grain-based oils like canola, safflower, sunflower and soy—seem to worsen the more we learn about omega-6 fatty acids, in which the grain-based oils are high. And it isn't clear that all meat is bad for the environment, either. A vocal minority of ranchers are making the ecology-based case that certain landscapes can benefit from properly managed herds of certain ungulates. In the absence of buffalo and other native grazers, many ecosystems could spin out of control without tasty creatures like cows to fill that vital niche. Rotational grazing, if done correctly, can result in healthier ecosystems and carbon sequestration, proponents claim. It's a compelling vision, but even if it's true, the cattle-carrying capacity of the landscape is much less under rotational grazing than under traditional feedlots. If the world were to make a dramatic switch to rotational grazing, it would mean a lot less meat to go around. This could be the year of the fight over the legal definition of the word "burger." It will be a year of glory and evolution for imperfect produce, and in celebrating the innate beauty of plant parts. But amid the angst, celebration and exploration of a plant-based diet, don't be surprised if meat makes a little comeback too. The relative places of meat and plants in an omnivorous animal in a modern context will continue to be a fluid, evolving situation in 2017. Tweet Pin It favorite Saving… Email Print Comments Share Tags: Dining Latest in Dining Cabbage Patch Jan 11, 2017 Full House Dec 28, 2016 Eat the Vote Dec 21, 2016 More » More Dining » Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread Readers also liked… Let's Go to Papas Aug 5, 2015 Eclectic Comfort Oct 7, 2015 Barlow Street Fair Jun 17, 2015 More by Ari LeVaux Fast Feast Dec 14, 2016 Dirt Farmer Dec 7, 2016 Instant Parma Nov 23, 2016 More » Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe 2016-2017 Boheme Winter Edition Sonoma | Napa | Marin North Bay Food, Drink & Music Listings Boho Beat Jan. 28: Dark & Stormy in Santa Rosa By Charlie Swanson Jan 25, 2017  10:16 am Jan. 28: Six-String Summit in Sebastopol By Charlie Swanson Jan 25, 2017  10:12 am Jan. 29: More Mozart in Napa By Charlie Swanson Jan 25, 2017  10:10 am More » City Sound Inertia Acrylics Release New 7-inch Record, “Despair” Fri, Jan. 27  3:33 pm Silver Snakes Electrify in Santa Rosa This Weekend Tue, Jan. 10 10:01 am BottleRock’s 2017 Lineup Is Here Tue, Jan. 3  9:49 am More » Facebook Activity North Bay Bohemian Twitter Loading Tweets Read more @nbaybohemian Advertise | Archives | Contact | About | Privacy Policy | List Your Event Copyright © 2017 Metro Newspapers. All rights reserved. Website powered by Foundation
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing Big Data Adoption Slow, but Benefits Beginning to Show 80% of US execs say investment in big data is at least "good" January 25, 2017 | Marketing Technology Share Email Print Big data is gradually becoming a part of US business, and companies that are able to take advantage of its scope and complexity appear to be seeing benefits. Recent research from NewVantage Partners revealed that at least half of organizations are incorporating some type of big data initiative. Top executives in the US appear to be optimistic about big data's value. For example, this week, Forbes reported Wal-Mart's launch of its "Data Café," an analytics hub poised to process 2.5 petabytes of data every hour. In the NewVantage survey, 80% of the decisions-makers said that their overall investment in big data has been at the very least good and moderately successful or better. Fifty senior Fortune 1000 business and technology decision-makers in the US were surveyed about managing and maintaining big data throughout November and December 2016. These executives are reportedly locking into big data by assigning initiatives tied to revamping their business for the future (51.6%) and lowering costs (72.6%), among other business needs, the NewVantage data shows. According to the data, more than half of respondents said they are implementing a particular type of big data initiative. And some of these efforts are already showing progress. Roughly half of executives said reducing expenses through big data has been successful. Meanwhile, more than 44% of respondents also touted gains related to creating new avenues for innovation , and over a third mentioned big data's value in product launches. Not all areas business people were polled on got high marks. Of the big data initiatives executives were asked about, establishing a data-driven culture and making over their business for the future had the lowest success rates, both at 27.9%. —Danielle Drolet New in eMarketer PRO This Week StatPack: Global Mobile Payments Report: US Affluents 2017 Report: Digital Video Advertising Best Practices 2017 Report: UK Mobile Payments Not a PRO subscriber? Find out how to become one. Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars YouTube Shows Little Sign of Old Age Line's User Base Falls as Social-Messaging Space Gets Crowded Sky Adds Broadband-Only Option More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Cross-Device Targeting—What to Watch for in 2017 Mid-Holiday Season Retail Update & Post-Thanksgiving Recap Key Digital Trends for 2017 More Webinars » More on this Topic Fake News, Ad Fraud Could Have Advertisers Pulling Dollars Out of Digital Hey, Siri, Do My Homework! For Telecoms, the Ad Tech Opportunity Is Massive Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Why eMarketer Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles »         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal problem Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000 additional immigration officers Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call themselves reporters' after Bannon said they're the 'opposition party' Previous Next Employee is left red-faced after he records himself performing an unusual dance on his smartphone... only for his boss to walk in and catch him Male employee filmed himself performing dance moves while he was working He lifted his left leg up and danced for just four seconds before he was caught His boss came into the room and told the worker that he was 'now on the clock' By Abe Hawken For Mailonline Published: 04:22 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 04:39 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail 12 shares 24 View comments A young man who was filming himself dancing in front of his camera was left red-faced - after his boss walked in on him. The hilarious, but embarrassing moment, was recorded on the Walmart employee's phone in an 'empty' room during his shift. He approached the camera and held his two necklaces up and then took a few steps back and performed a unique dance move.  The unnamed man, who was wearing his staff name badge, flicked his left leg up three times while saying something to the camera. But just seconds later, his employer appeared after walking through the door - forcing the man to rush towards his phone. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Holding on for dear life! Teenager takes sledging to the... More than two million British drivers could get a £3,000 pay... Share this article Share His boss can be heard saying on the video, which was filmed in the United States, that the man was 'on the clock'. He said: 'Hey man, you're on the clock now. You're not supposed to be doing all that "Facebook-ing" or whatever you're doing.' The employee quickly replied: 'I apologise, sir. I apologise.'  He approached the camera and held his two necklaces up and then took a few steps back and performed a unique dance move Share or comment on this article e-mail 12 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (24) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having affairs Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... EXCLUSIVE: Women who marched for equality unwittingly handed their personal data to the Communist Party and... 'Life is winning again': Mike Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march a week on from... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice S. Korea completes deployment of 36 upgraded Apache choppers The Korea Herald > Opinion > Viewpoints > Columnists [Kara Alaimo] How companies can gird for a Trump Twitter attack   Published : 2017-01-25 17:23 Updated : 2017-01-25 17:23 Last week, I received a request I’d never gotten before in my career as a public-relations consultant: to counsel corporate executives on how to prepare in case the president of the United States comes after them via Twitter. As Donald Trump began his first business day in the Oval Office, many companies were hiring crisis communication firms and making plans for what to do if they became targets of his Twitter attacks. As president-elect, Trump criticized numerous companies and brands, including General Motors, Lockheed Martin, Vanity Fair and Boeing. And he instigated, and arguably won, a public fight to keep the Carrier Corporation from moving some jobs overseas. “We’ve all been put on notice,” said Peter Duda, head of the global crisis and issues practice at the global communications firm Weber Shandwick. “If you’re planning to do anything that doesn’t align with the administration’s policies and positions, be prepared for it to be high-profile, and be prepared to defend it.” Chris Nelson, crisis lead for the Americas at the global corporate communications firm FleishmanHillard, said Trump’s tweets represent a form of political pressure. While companies have long faced criticism from activists, only now do they face the prospect of sharp, direct attacks from the highest office in the land. “We’ve never had a person with so much political power be so willing to single out corporate actors on a regular basis,” Nelson said. “He can deliver a lot more pressure in one tweet than any activist or advocacy group can in a whole campaign.” The magnitude of the pressure Trump brings to bear can change companies’ calculus, making them decide it’s not worth the reputational costs of standing by their previous decisions. “Companies that have faced the Trump tweet have made capital allocations based on that pressure,” Nelson said. “That kind of curb on corporate decisions has traditionally been left to regulators, not bold-faced political pressure from the president.” Possibly in response to that pressure, corporations such as General Motors, Hyundai, Wal-Mart, Bayer, Amazon, Ford and Sprint have recently announced plans to create jobs in America. Whether Trump influenced these decisions is a matter of controversy: NBC News reported that some of these announcements were previously planned, and companies were “recycling their old news to avoid being blasted in a Trump tweet.” Unsurprisingly, Trump fired back at the media company, tweeting that NBC’s report was “more FAKE NEWS.” However, according to MarketWatch, Trump’s allegation isn’t grounded in evidence. Here’s how companies should prepare for possible Twitter attacks by Trump: Monitor Trump’s statements and pro-Trump media. It may seem obvious, but it’s a critical first step. Nelson recommends reviewing Trump’s signature issues -- such as keeping jobs in America and limiting immigration -- and monitoring the administration’s statements to build perspective on its policy priorities. He also said it’s important to keep an eye on pro-Trump media outlets. “Understand when people in the Trump movement are talking about your organization, because it may indicate where you’re vulnerable,” he said. For example, if a right-wing media outlet starts criticizing a corporate policy, it could be a sign a Trump tweet will follow. Review corporate policies. “When you respond to the president of the United States, you’re not just delivering a message; you’re announcing a corporate policy decision,” Nelson said. “You must be ready to live by that statement moving forward.” That’s why companies should review their operations, policies and procedures ahead of time, to determine if any touch on Trump’s hot-button issues and potentially make the company a target. Then, they should decide whether they would defend themselves or change their policies if criticized. This requires bringing the management team together to agree on decisions so they’re not made in haste while under fire. For example, if a company plans to move a factory overseas but might face a Trump Twitter attack for doing so, is it worth accepting the greater cost of keeping the jobs in the US to avoid the reputational damage that would come from an attack by the president? Prepare messages in advance. Harlan Loeb, global chair of the crisis and reputation risk practice at Edelman, the world’s largest public relations firm, compared a Trump Twitter attack to a snap on Snapchat because -- if a company handles it properly -- it’s just a short blip on a screen. The trick is being prepared to respond rapidly. Because the social media conversation evolves so quickly, companies should write the actual responses they’ll post -- and get all necessary internal approvals -- ahead of time, so they’re ready to go if Trump attacks. Duda also recommended conducting practice drills. His firm created software called Firebell that shows clients simulated but realistic social media posts and press coverage they could face. So, for example, a company using the software could see a mock tweet from Trump and faux press coverage, then come up with a response and see simulated examples of how it might play in traditional and social media. Line up allies. Nelson recommended having third parties who are willing to defend corporate policies at the ready. These may be customers, trade associations or community leaders in places where the company does business. It’s important that these allies understand company decisions so they can be supportive. Think about whether these validators would be willing to defend you “in the context of a Trump tweet,” Nelson warned. “As much as you may be really good friends in the dark, the minute the spotlight hits, your company may not find a lot of people willing to join you in that circle of attention.” Sometimes companies pay these third parties. As the New York Times reported, after Trump said he wanted to “put H&R Block out of business” in the early days of his campaign, the company began featuring a paid ally -- actor John Hamm -- in an ad telling clients to “get your taxes won.” Identify channels to the White House. Finally, it’s worth trying to resolve disputes via nonpublic channels. Nelson said it’s important to identify contacts such as advisers to the president or lobbyists who can reach the White House if a company needs to discuss an issue or try to provide accurate information to the president. In public relations, of course, the best way to stave off attacks is to maintain good relationships in the first place. By Kara Alaimo Kara Alaimo is an assistant professor of public relations at Hofstra University. –Ed. (Bloomber) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. S. Korea completes deploymen... 2. Defense ministry rules out b... 3. Samsung Electronics widens g... 4. N. Korea airs another encryp... 5. N. Korea purging descendants... 6. Independent counsel question... 7. S. Korean stocks up on Samsu... 8. Koreans begin to head home f... 9. Mexican leader mulls cancell... 10. Rates for household loans in... 1. S. Korea set to expand impor... 2. Koreans begin to head home f... 3. S. Korea completes deploymen... 4. N. Korea purging descendants... 5. N. Korea airs another encryp... 6. Samsung Electronics widens g... 7. Defense ministry rules out b... 8. It’s not peanuts 9. Seoul Mayor Park to drop pre... 10. Lee Young-ae aimed to show b... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
The Hollywood Reporter movies Subscribe afm reviews box office heat vision coming soon movies tv music tech the business style culture travel awards video Subscribe Blogs heat vision bastard machine live feed behind the screen esq earshot the race Newsletter THR Social:  Emma Aloft Subscribe Now Never Miss A Story. Sign up for our Newsletters. Daily Edition Login to download 'Dina': Film Review | Sundance 2017 7:39 PM PST 1/22/2017 by David Rooney FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Courtesy of Sundance Dina Buno and Scott Levin in 'Dina' Keeping Up With the Buno-Levins. TWITTER Documentary team Antonio Santini and Dan Sickles train their empathetic gaze on a couple, both on the autism spectrum, as they approach marriage and navigate one another's foibles. A verité documentary that mirrors the minor-key humor, the rough-hewn texture, the gentle conflicts and awkward grace of many quirky indie narrative features, Dina cozies up unobtrusively to its complex, strong-willed protagonist as she takes charge of her impending wedding and lays out her expectations for a relationship with no shortage of challenges. After capturing Puerto Rico's trans community in Mala Mala, nonfiction filmmakers Antonio Santini and Dan Sickles here take a sensitive snapshot of two ordinary people on the autism spectrum who are determined to carve out a meaningful future together. The film takes its title from Dina Buno, a 48-year-old family friend of Sickles, who lost her first husband to cancer and survived a violent knife attack by an unhinged subsequent boyfriend, referred to with an affectless absence of drama as "the psycho." That grim experience has done nothing to inhibit Dina's desire for close connection. So when an unexpected romance develops with Scott Levin, a Walmart staffer she met at an outer Philadelphia social group for neurologically diverse adults, wedding bells are all but inevitable. However, while the love is mutual, there are plenty of obstacles to their union. Fiercely independent Dina has lived alone for more than 20 years, sustained by a level of self-esteem many of us might envy. Her primary go-to sources for life lessons include Sex and the City, Keeping Up With the Kardashians and I Am Cait. Scott has always lived with his supportive parents, and his closest relationship appears to be with his phone. When he moves into Dina's apartment to test their compatibility before marriage, their differences become apparent. Scott is good at declaring his affections but less skilled at showing them, and while Dina makes it abundantly clear that she considers sex a vital part of the package, that prospect appears to terrify Scott. Even including a partner when he's dancing seems beyond his reach. Still, Dina is nothing if not determined, and her stream of patient explanations interspersed with vocal campaigning for her spousal rights makes her a delightful protagonist that we can't help rooting for. One of the film's most touching scenes is a bus trip Dina and Scott take together to the New Jersey shore. Scott is already somewhat freaked by the journey, then soothed by his first sight of the ocean. But he's reluctant to go near it until Dina coaxes him to wade in the lapping waves. He's a romantic, given to crooning songs like "Before the Next Teardrop Falls," but when Dina presents him on the boardwalk with a copy of The Joy of Sex as a gift, the message clearly nudges him outside his comfort zone. What makes this candid, unpatronizing movie so engaging is that the sexual conflict is never set up as a deal-breaker, rather as an issue the couple has to work through in their own, mostly roundabout way. Santini and Sickles — aided by cinematographer Adam Uhl, obviously doing everything possible to give the subjects their space — observe the preparations for the butterfly-themed engagement party; Dina's raunchy bachelorette night, with a hunky "cop" stripper; Scott's more subdued stag party at a bowling alley; their formalwear fittings; the ceremony and reception; and their honeymoon at a Poconos resort, complete with a hilariously kitschy giant cocktail-glass spa in the newlyweds' suite. Throughout, they interact with friends and family, not so much seeking advice as talking through their needs and anxieties. The warmth and guidance of Scott's parents plays in sharp contrast to Dina's tetchy exchanges with her mother, in which the two of them appear to talk at cross-purposes without really hearing one another. There are also sweet scenes with their mutual friends from the group, Monica Ferrero and Frank Costanzo, whose successful marriage gives Dina and Scott a model to emulate. The filmmakers avoid extraneous commentary, letting their unselfconscious subjects' humanity speak for itself. The only real evidence of directorial hands at work is the choice to play the 911 call from Dina's boyfriend/attacker many years earlier, with her own oddly calm, almost apologetic voice heard in the background. That jolt of violent history is a smart way to remind us of what Dina has overcome and make us even more invested in seeing her build a solid marriage with Scott. And while we don't witness his miraculous transformation into a sex machine, a spontaneous display of tactile bedroom affection at the end of the movie suggests that a gateway toward harmony has begun to open. Venue: Sundance Film Festival (U.S. Documentaries) Production companies: Dan & Antonio Productions, in association with Cinereach, Impact Pictures, Killer Films Director-producers: Antonio Santini, Dan Sickles Executive producers: Dan Levinson, Robert Fernandez, Christine Vachon, Stephanie Choate, Dan Cogan, Jenny Raskin Director of photography: Adam Uhl Music: Michael Cera Editor: Sofia Subercaseaux Sales: Submarine 101 minutes. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS David Rooney THRnews@thr.com @thr Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Backstage Casting
Skip to main content User menu Advertise Search form Search Main menu Home News Local Area Business Religion Misc. & Columns Homicide Map Sports Local Sports Area Sports Misc. & Columns Styles Entertainment Health Misc. & Columns Resource Guild 2016 e-Editions Daily Edition iPad App for Daily Edition e-Archives Classifieds Obituaries Contact News Tips About Us Staff Directory Submenu Place a Classified Ad The Fort Sill Tribune Church Listings Events Styles Forms Puzzles Videos You are here Home » News » Area » Duncan police: Store camera caught woman hitting child Duncan police: Store camera caught woman hitting child Wed, 01/25/2017 - 2:36am Scott Rains A 25-year old Duncan woman sits in jail in lieu of $50,000 bond after she was charged with hitting a 4-month old child while attempting to assault the child's mother in the Wal-mart jewelry section. Jessica Grover made her initial appearance Monday in Stephens County District Court, where she was charged with child abuse by injury, records indicate. She faces up to life in prison if convicted and would have to serve 85 percent of the sentence before becoming eligible for parole.  Duncan police began investigating Grover Dec. 29 after a woman reported the assault in the store's jewelry department. The woman said Grover said, "Hey, do you know me" and, after she said no, attacked her. She said she was unable to defend herself because her baby was in her arms. A blow aimed for the mom struck the child instead, according to court affidavit.  Detective William Fitzhugh said he watched the incident on the store's security video and it matched the woman's statement. After saying "it is a horrible picture of herself," Grover admitted an image recorded by the security camer was of her. Grover said she has been harassed by her and that she was telling her to stop. She denied there was a fight despite several times being told it was captured on the security video. She said, "How can I assault her when she is harassing us?" and the detective explained that "harassment is words, an assault is when you touch somebody or hit somebody," the affidavit states. She continued to deny fighting the woman and asked to file a harassment report. Following a review of the evidence she was arrested. Continue reading on the Daily Edition Section:  Area The Lawton Constitution 102 SW 3rd, Lawton, OK Classifieds: (580) 357-9545 Circulation: (580) 353-6397 Switchboard: (580) 353-0620 Site Links Home News Sports Styles e-Editions Classifieds Obituaries Contact Surf New Media
Like Towleroad Daily Resist POLITICS Travel Music Theatre Film TV Sports Nature Business Men Marriage Equality Space Trans Rights Books Science Gay Iconography TowleREAD BREAKING: NBC Nightly News Spotlights Gay Actor Chris Salvatore, Who Took In His Ailing 89-Year-Old Neighbor: WATCH Federal Hate Crime Charges Filed Against Idaho Man Who Pleaded Guilty to Murder of Gay Man PreviousPrevious StorySean Spicer Asked What Trump’s Voter Fraud Lies Mean for Democracy: WATCH NextNext StoryBilly Eichner and Stephen Colbert Grill New Yorkers About the Bubbles They’re Living In: WATCH by Luis Damian Veron January 24, 2017 | 8:11pm Share103 Comments An Idaho man pleaded guilty Monday to first-degree murder in the homicide of a gay man authorities say he lured to his death in Lake Lowell. He has additionally been charged with a federal hate crime, to which he pleaded not guilty on Tuesday. Idaho tellingly does not offer additional protections to LGBT victims, necessitating federal involvement in the case. Kelly Schneider, 23, of Nampa, took a plea deal in which further charges of robbery, grand theft and conspiracy of robbery were dropped. The victim, Steven Nelson, 49, also of Nampa, clung to life long enough to describe his attackers to authorities after being robbed and beaten on April 29 of last year. Three other men were charged in connection with the reprehensible crime. According to prosecutors, an online escort ad on Backpage.com was used by Schneider in order to entrap Nelson in the remote area of Gott’s Point. After the grievous assault during which Schneider has confessed to brutally kicking him repeatedly, Nelson was left for dead. Jayson Woods, 28; Kevin R. Tracy, 21; and Daniel Henkel, 23 await their trial, also on first-degree murder charges as well as robbery. The lurid tale of the men’s participation in the crime is as follows: Nelson met Schneider at a Walmart in Nampa, then drove with him to Gott’s Point near Lake Lowell. Henkel and Tracy were hiding there as “back-up,” Tracy described, in case Nelson was armed or was going to harm Schneider. The first time Schneider met with Nelson, Schneider grabbed $40 Nelson offered him in the Walmart parking lot then fled back to the car Woods was driving. No sexual services were exchanged. Later, according to Tracy, Woods told Schneider to “go make things right” by meeting Nelson again and doing the favors Schneider said he would do. At first, Schneider refused, saying he was straight. Schneider eventually arranged to meet again with Nelson. Nelson offered to pay him more money if Schneider would return, according to the testimony. Woods dropped Schneider at the same Walmart. This time Schneider and Nelson drove to Gott’s Point. There, Schneider got Nelson on the ground, shoved his head to the dirt and kicked him repeatedly, calling him a “faggot” and asking Nelson why he thought Schneider would return and perform sexual acts. Henkel fled immediately because he thought Nelson would recognize him, Tracy said. Schneider was to take Nelson’s car and drive Schneider, Henkel and Tracy away. Schneider now faces life in prison for the murder charge, and potentially another life sentence if convicted of the hate crime, formally known as willful assault based on sexual orientation, resulting in death. PreviousPrevious StorySean Spicer Asked What Trump’s Voter Fraud Lies Mean for Democracy: WATCH NextNext StoryBilly Eichner and Stephen Colbert Grill New Yorkers About the Bubbles They’re Living In: WATCH Share103 Like103 Comments Posted January 24, 2017 at 8:11pm ETC by Luis Damian Veron in hate crime, Idaho, Kelly Schneider, Nation Follow Us Like Towleroad Towleroad Video Buffalo Wild Wings Customer Leaves Note for Gay Waiter: ‘I Don’t Tip Faggots – U Need Jesus’ Share461 Like461 Chris Meloni, Jamiroquai, Mr. Clean, Cody Alan, Apple Vape, Lady Gaga, Carson Kressley: HOT LINKS Share14 Like14 Trump Holds Press Conference with UK Prime Minister Theresa May: WATCH LIVE Share14 Like14 UN Ambassador Nikki Haley Tells Allies: ‘Have Our Back’ or ‘We’re Taking Names’ Share371 Like371 Matt Baume Explains How the Repeal of Obamacare Will Affect LGBTQ People: WATCH Share64 Like64 NBC Nightly News Spotlights Gay Actor Chris Salvatore, Who Took In His Ailing 89-Year-Old Neighbor: WATCH Share4.1k Like4.1k Columns New Music NEW MUSIC: Foxygen, Piano Magic, Sorority Noise Theatre Review ‘Moonlight’ Star André Holland Opens in August Wilson’s ‘Jitney’ on Broadway: REVIEW New Music NEW MUSIC: the xx, Of Montreal, Declan McKenna, Diet Cig Theatre Review Cate Blanchett Opens in ‘The Present’ on Broadway: A Gift That’s Not So Giving – REVIEW New Music NEW MUSIC: Little Simz, Brian Eno, IDLES New Music NEW MUSIC: Laura Palmer, Joan of Arc, Sun Airway, Vaults Theatre Review Teen Angst Musical ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Opens on Broadway: REVIEW New Music NEW MUSIC: Jesu/Sun Kil Moon, Emmy the Great, Laura Marling, Spice Girls (Sort Of) Theatre Review Sutton Foster Headlines Intimate ‘Sweet Charity’ Off-Broadway: REVIEW New Music NEW MUSIC: Martha Wainwright, David Bowie, Sleigh Bells, REM, Westworld Does Radiohead Hunk of the Day 26-Year-Old Porter Harry Neale Flexes His Talent for British Stage Competition ‘Let It Shine’ – WATCH Share58 Like58 Latest Posts GOP Congressman to Reintroduce ‘First Amendment Defense Act’, the Vilest Religious Freedom Bill of Our Time5 hours ago Buffalo Wild Wings Customer Leaves Note for Gay Waiter: ‘I Don’t Tip Faggots – U Need Jesus’8 hours ago Chris Meloni, Jamiroquai, Mr. Clean, Cody Alan, Apple Vape, Lady Gaga, Carson Kressley: HOT LINKS9 hours ago Trump Holds Press Conference with UK Prime Minister Theresa May: WATCH LIVE9 hours ago Two Gay Men in Ivory Coast Still Seek Explanation for their Imprisonment10 hours ago UN Ambassador Nikki Haley Tells Allies: ‘Have Our Back’ or ‘We’re Taking Names’11 hours ago Matt Baume Explains How the Repeal of Obamacare Will Affect LGBTQ People: WATCH11 hours ago NBC Nightly News Spotlights Gay Actor Chris Salvatore, Who Took In His Ailing 89-Year-Old Neighbor: WATCH12 hours ago This New EDM Track from Calvin Harris and Frank Ocean Might Be Imminent: LISTEN12 hours ago Ellen Welcomes Gay Iraqi Soldiers Who Fell in Love, Escaped the Mideast, and Got Married: WATCH13 hours ago Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un Lock Lips In Hong Kong: VIDEO13 hours ago Missy Elliott is Back with a Hypnotic ‘I’m Better’ Video and a Tease for Something Bigger: WATCH14 hours ago Seth Meyers: Trump’s Obvious Lies Keep Us from Taking His Word on Anything – WATCH14 hours ago Trump Speech Forces ABC To Reschedule LGBT Miniseries ‘When We Rise’: VIDEO14 hours ago South Dakota to Consider Anti-Trans Locker Room Bill1 day ago Civil Rights Activist David Mixner Returns to the Stage in ‘1969’, a Benefit for LGBTQ Youth1 day ago Donald Trump Wants 20 Percent Tax on Imports from Mexico to Pay for Unnecessary Wall1 day ago Elton John and Paul Rudnick are Adapting ‘The Devil Wears Prada’ as a Broadway Musical1 day ago Oprah, Alex Jones, Nico Tortorella, Stephen Bannon, Queer Rager, Wyoming, ITMFA: HOT LINKS1 day ago Transgender Woman Captures Violent Assault on Facebook Live: WATCH1 day ago You Might Also Like POLITICS Chris Meloni, Jamiroquai, Mr. Clean, Cody Alan, Apple Vape, Lady Gaga, Carson Kressley: HOT LINKS discrimination South Dakota to Consider Anti-Trans Locker Room Bill POLITICS Oprah, Alex Jones, Nico Tortorella, Stephen Bannon, Queer Rager, Wyoming, ITMFA: HOT LINKS Transgender Transgender Woman Captures Violent Assault on Facebook Live: WATCH POLITICS Queer Eye, Black Site Prisons, 1984, Madonna, Mary Tyler Moore, Sergei Millian, Louis Tomlinson: HOT LINKS Nation Federal Hate Crime Charges Filed Against Idaho Man Who Pleaded Guilty to Murder of Gay Man Latest Posts GOP Congressman to Reintroduce ‘First Amendment Defense Act’, the Vilest Religious Freedom Bill of Our Time Rep. Raul Labrador (R-Idaho, above left) will reintroduce the First Amendment Defense Act, and House and Senate members are also planning to file legislation to protect people with religious objections to same-sex marriage. Labrador filed FADA last y… Read Buffalo Wild Wings Customer Leaves Note for Gay Waiter: ‘I Don’t Tip Faggots – U Need Jesus’ Kyle Griffith, a waiter at Buffalo Wild Wings in Louisville, Kentucky, found a hateful anti-gay message on his receipt from a customer rather than a tip. WDRB reports: “I ended up cashing them out, gave them boxes, told them if they needed anyt… Read Chris Meloni, Jamiroquai, Mr. Clean, Cody Alan, Apple Vape, Lady Gaga, Carson Kressley: HOT LINKS RESIST. Chris Meloni takes his shirt off for the Trump resistance. The revolution is upon us. If u can't see the con then u r willfully blind. #Resist. good nite pic.twitter.com/DmXeW8t7td — Chris Meloni (@Chris_Meloni) January 25, 2017 SAT… Read Trump Holds Press Conference with UK Prime Minister Theresa May: WATCH LIVE Donald Trump is scheduled to hold a joint press conference with UK Prime Minister Theresa May at 1 pm. USA Today reports: Many foreign leaders have said they don’t know what to expect from Trump, who has criticized various trade agreements the… Read Two Gay Men in Ivory Coast Still Seek Explanation for their Imprisonment Two Ivorian men who were arrested in October and released from prison this week remain unclear as to their offense. While it is presumed that a public indecency law was used to inculpate both openly gay men, they deny any improper behavior or even se… Read UN Ambassador Nikki Haley Tells Allies: ‘Have Our Back’ or ‘We’re Taking Names’ Trump’s UN Ambassador Nikki Haley paid a visit to UN headquarters in New York to present her credentials to UN chief Antonio Guterres and put U.S. allies on notice: “Our goal with the administration is to show value at the U.N. and the wa… Read Matt Baume Explains How the Repeal of Obamacare Will Affect LGBTQ People: WATCH In a new clip, Matt Baume explains what might happen if the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) is repealed. “Insurance companies are more likely to discriminate” against LGBTQ people, and a provision in the ACA with the Office of Civil R… Read NBC Nightly News Spotlights Gay Actor Chris Salvatore, Who Took In His Ailing 89-Year-Old Neighbor: WATCH If you follow Chris Salvatore, an actor gay audiences might know from the movies Eating Out, on social media, you’ve been following the extraordinary four-year relationship he has with his neighbor Norma. Happy New Year from Norma and me. She r… Read This New EDM Track from Calvin Harris and Frank Ocean Might Be Imminent: LISTEN EDM hitmaker Calvin Harris and Frank Ocean were hanging out together last June sparking rumors of a collaboration and Harris just shared what might be the fruit of that collaboration on a driving video posted to his Snapchat account. RELATED: Frank O… Read Ellen Welcomes Gay Iraqi Soldiers Who Fell in Love, Escaped the Mideast, and Got Married: WATCH Last June when the documentary Out of Iraq first aired, we reported on Nayyef and Btoo, Iraqi soldiers who fell in love during the Iraq war, were separated for several years, sought asylum in the west, and are now married.   Btoo and Nayyef now… Read Most Commented Hot Reads 2017 Resolutions All Gay Men Should Consider Comedian Eric Andre: The Gay Interview Straight Journalist Cruises Grindr at the Olympics, Outs Athletes From Anti-Gay Countries There Was a ‘Gays for Trump’ Party at the RNC and It Was Absolutely Insane – VIDEOS, PHOTOS Frank Ocean Pens Emotional Response to Orlando Shooting Noah Galvin From ‘The Real O’Neals’ On Sitcoms, Subversiveness, and Dan Savage: INTERVIEW Michelle Visage Spills The T On ‘Drag Race,’ ‘Big Brother’ and the Election — INTERVIEW Pietro Boselli’s Hard, Wet Ride in a Speedo – LOOK Lambda Literary Award Finalists Announced for Best LGBTQ Books of 2015: Read the FULL LIST Garth Greenwell Reads from His Remarkable Debut Novel ‘What Belongs To You’ – LISTEN Today's News Jump To Day: Choose GOP Congressman to Reintroduce ‘First Amendment Defense Act’, the Vilest Religious Freedom Bill of Our Time Buffalo Wild Wings Customer Leaves Note for Gay Waiter: ‘I Don’t Tip Faggots – U Need Jesus’ Chris Meloni, Jamiroquai, Mr. Clean, Cody Alan, Apple Vape, Lady Gaga, Carson Kressley: HOT LINKS Trump Holds Press Conference with UK Prime Minister Theresa May: WATCH LIVE Two Gay Men in Ivory Coast Still Seek Explanation for their Imprisonment UN Ambassador Nikki Haley Tells Allies: ‘Have Our Back’ or ‘We’re Taking Names’ Matt Baume Explains How the Repeal of Obamacare Will Affect LGBTQ People: WATCH NBC Nightly News Spotlights Gay Actor Chris Salvatore, Who Took In His Ailing 89-Year-Old Neighbor: WATCH This New EDM Track from Calvin Harris and Frank Ocean Might Be Imminent: LISTEN Ellen Welcomes Gay Iraqi Soldiers Who Fell in Love, Escaped the Mideast, and Got Married: WATCH Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un Lock Lips In Hong Kong: VIDEO Missy Elliott is Back with a Hypnotic ‘I’m Better’ Video and a Tease for Something Bigger: WATCH Seth Meyers: Trump’s Obvious Lies Keep Us from Taking His Word on Anything – WATCH Trump Speech Forces ABC To Reschedule LGBT Miniseries ‘When We Rise’: VIDEO South Dakota to Consider Anti-Trans Locker Room Bill Share This Share3.3k Like3.3k Read Politics Travel Film Theatre Television Science Law – LGBT Rights Columns Specials About Advertise Contact Us About Towleroad Contributors Towleroad on Social Media Privacy Policy Follow Us © 2014 Towleroad. All Rights Reserved.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Target launches mobile payment system — because you definitely needed another app 627 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Target is rolling out its own mobile payment system. Image: Getty Images/Joe Raedle By Patrick Kulp2017-01-25 01:09:03 UTC Analysis Mobile payment is supposed to simplify the checkout process by eliminating the need to fumble around with cash or credit cards. But how much time does it actually save when every store runs on a separate app? Target became the latest retail chain to announce plans for an in-app store payment option this week, following in the footsteps of big box rivals Walmart and Kohl's. SEE ALSO: Blocking Apple Pay Is a Stupid Move for Retailers The service is expected to launch later this year, initially for holders of Target's REDcard only, according to Recode, which broke the news on Tuesday. A company spokesperson declined to elaborate on what such a system might look like, but it will likely build on Target's existing mobile app and its popular coupons app Cartwheel.  Target currently lets customers use Apple Pay when shopping in its app, but it has resisted expanding the option to its stores. From a retailer's perspective, there are a few clear advantages to offering a proprietary mobile payment system over a more universal one like Apple Pay or Samsung Pay.  A brand-specific service makes digital sales promotions and loyalty programs easier to disseminate and cuts down on transaction costs.  It also allows companies to more efficiently organize data on customers and their behavior into a single hub, an important asset for brick-and-mortar retailers facing increasing competition from data-savvy online stores.  But juggling different apps for each shopping destination can be a headache for pretty much everyone else. Consumer surveys show that this sort of fragmentation is one of the most common reasons people cite for avoiding the switch to mobile wallets altogether. These retailers hadn't always planned to go their separate ways. Target, Kohl's and Walmart were each previously part of a consortium of big box chains convened to back an Apple Pay competitor (though the idea was born long before Apple Pay even launched) called CurrentC — mostly as a way to avoid credit card processing fees. But after a raft of security breaches and technical problems, the effort flopped as badly as many had predicted it would, and each company was left to its own devices. In its wake, some members, like Best Buy and Rite Aid, chose to start accepting Apple Pay, while Walmart blazed the trail for others to strike out on their own. Meanwhile, battling business interests and entanglements among telecoms, banks, retailers and tech companies made it so customers could never be entirely sure where any given mobile payment form would be accepted. That environment doesn't seem to be changing anytime soon. BONUS: Testing out Apple Pay in the Big Apple          Topics: Business, kohls, Mobile, mobile payments, retail, Target, Wal-Mart About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
