Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Police & Fire 2 former Lucas County officers face theft charges One jail worker fired; 2nd resigned By Ryan Dunn  | BLADE STAFF WRITER Published on March 7, 2017 | Updated 1:17 a. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print A Lucas County jail corrections officer was fired Monday, and a second officer previously resigned as a result of theft charges from Walmart in Holland. The Lucas County jail. THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image Both Denise Alexander and Charlana Brown recently left the Lucas County Sheriff’s Office, and each has a pending misdemeanor case in Sylvania Municipal Court. Ms. Alexander, 43, of Toledo, was dismissed after 10 years with the office. A review board sustained seven administrative charges against her, including immoral conduct, law violation, and dishonesty, according to internal affairs records. Ms. Alexander declined an interview request Monday, and Ms. Brown did not return a call seeking comment. Store security stopped Ms. Alexander on Feb. 10 while she attempted to leave Walmart, 1355 S. McCord Rd., according to internal affairs records. An employee said Ms. Alexander took clothes and groceries to the self-checkout register, purchased some of the items, and tried to take the remaining merchandise, internal affairs found. A sales receipt shows Ms. Alexander purchased 23 items totaling $71, but did not pay for 38 items at a cost of $165. The store issued a no-trespass order for any Walmart location, internal affairs said. The store’s loss prevention section had video recordings of someone committing prior thefts Jan. 17 and 18, and later determined it was Ms. Alexander, according to the internal affairs report. Holland police said Ms. Alexander stole $62 in merchandise Jan. 17 and $73 on Jan. 18, according to an incident report. She faces three charges of petty theft in municipal court. Ms. Alexander told investigators she did leave Walmart without paying for items Feb. 10, but did not recall visiting the store on the January dates, internal affairs said. Authorities also believe Ms. Brown, 33, of Toledo, took $337 in merchandise Feb. 9 from the Walmart, according to a police report. A misdemeanor charge of petty theft was filed Feb. 17 in municipal court. Ms. Brown, a four-year veteran of the sheriff’s office, submitted her resignation letter Feb. 24. “Effective this date, I resign my position as corrections officer with the Lucas County Sheriff’s Office. Thank you,” Ms. Brown wrote. There was no internal affairs investigation of Ms. Brown, and no administrative charges had been filed against her, said Capt. Donald Atkinson, who oversees the Internal Affairs Bureau. The Blade reviewed Holland police and Sylvania Municipal Court records regarding Ms. Brown’s case, and Captain Atkinson confirmed she was a former employee. He declined comment on her resignation. Contact Ryan Dunn at: rdunn@theblade.com, 419-724-6095, or on Twitter @rdunnblade. Related Items corrections , Lucas County jail , Ryan Dunn , sylvania municipal court , Lucas County Sheriff's Office , Denise Alexander , Charlana Brown Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 07/03/2017 12:27:30 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 08:00 | 07/03/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Vietnamese goods still have low sales to Wal-Mart VietNamNet Bridge - Vietnamese manufacturers and suppliers don’t expect high profits from selling goods via Wal-Mart, but they hope Wal-Mart can serve as the bridge that links them to the US and other choosy markets.    In 2014, Cuu Long An Giang’s products began entering Wal-Mart chain directly, not through intermediaries.  Vinamit’s dried fruit products have been available at Wal-Mart China for many years. Trung Nguyen Coffee has also been present at Wal-Mart Chile, Brazil, Mexico and China. In 2008, Thuan Phuong Company sent staff to Wal-Mart’s office in China to negotiate the distribution of the company’s products at the retail chain. After the negotiation, Thuan Phuong became the first Vietnamese garment company selling products to the Wal-Mart chain. Vietnamese manufacturers and suppliers don’t expect high profits from selling goods via Wal-Mart, but they hope Wal-Mart can serve as the bridge that links them to the US and other choosy markets. At first, Thuan Phuong provided 200,000 products only in the first year, but now it provides 3-5 million products a year. It has built two more factories in Long An province to satisfy the high demand. Other Vietnamese garment companies have followed Thuan Phuong’s move and found positions in the Wal-Mart chain. However, an analyst commented that while Vietnamese companies have successfully brought their products to Wal-Marts in the UK, China and Mexico, the volume of products in Wal-Mart in the US remains modest. He also pointed out that though Vietnam’s products have entered Wal-Mart, they are mostly cheaper outsourced products and don’t bear Vietnamese brands.  A footwear company in Binh Duong province has two product lines available at Wal-Mart, but the products bear Nike and Wal-Mart brands. There are only the words ‘Made in Vietnam’ on the products which show their origin. He said that to date, no Vietnamese garment and footwear company can export products under their own brands to Wal-Marts in the US. The representative of a company belonging to Vinatex revealed that his company once supplied products to Wal-Mart, but it later stopped, because Wal-Mart only accepted very low prices, and the company could not make profit. Dong Hung JSC, a big leather shoe manufacturer, is a partner of Wal-Mart. However, a senior executive of the company, said doing business with Wal-Mart doesn’t bring high profit, because the average export price is $4-5 per product only, which is close to production costs. International media recently reported that Wal-Mart met with big difficulties because of the stiff competition from many of its rivals, including online retailers like Amazon. This has discouraged some big Wal-Mart suppliers. However, Vietnamese still want to become Wal-Mart suppliers, because they hope Wal-Mart can serve as the bridge that links them to the US and other choosy markets.  Dong Hung, for example, still accepts outsourcing for Wal-Mart, though it must show samples to the partner to check before placing orders. RELATED NEWS Vietnamese businesswomen hope for benefits from Wal-Mart’s policy Vietnamese distribution market has gathered nearly all “luminaries” Kim Chi vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news, vn news, Wal-mart, Big C, distribution chains   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on BUSINESS IN BRIEF 6/3 Many Vietnamese businesses stop advertising on YouTube Foreign trade revenue quadruples in decade of WTO membership Foreign fruit generate high profits for Da Lat farmers SOEs seek foreign capital for shares Low cost housing demand very large in HCMC: Estate Association Uber still unable to see eye-to-eye with regulators Vietnam Rubber Group to offer 25% capital in Q2 IPO SOEs to divest from banks on positive market outlook $20,000 for a rice export license - fact or fiction?     Top Stories Railway investment lags far behind road expenditures Ideal places for travelling by motorbike in Vietnam Attractive shares in stock market available in 2017 Dau - Vietnam's oldest pagoda Pressured to be transparent, banks rush to list shares Finance Ministry lowers ‘.vn’ domain prices Vietnamese parents, teachers turn students into ‘robots’ Vingroup, Vihajico, Him Lam Land change face of low-cost property market Vietnam seeks way to produce herbal medicine Shopping malls shut down in high season Latest News Vietnamese photographer listed among finalists of Smithsonian contest HCM City launches digital traffic app Xuan Pha Dance recognised as national intangible heritage Struggling to smelt, Venezuela state-run steelmaker grows sunflowers, crops Japanese woman kindles organic cultivation among Vietnamese farmers Chinese citizens jailed for stealing money using fake ATM cards Vietnamese can apply for passports online Self-driving bus with no back-up driver nears California street Mekong water diplomacy vital Ca Mau gears up for fires     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Check Point’s Much Anticipated Release on All Formats Los Angeles, CA , March 6, 2017 (Newswire.com) – ​​​​​​​​​​​​​On Tuesday, March 7th, Check Point will have its’ much anticipated release on all formats. The online platforms releasing the film are iTunes US, Google Play, Xbox, Amazon Instant, Amazon DVD, Vudu (Walmart online), and Playstation. The cable providers are Comcast, Cos, Time Warner Cable, Brighthouse, Verizon Fios, Frontier, Suddenlink, Charter, Mediacom, CenturyLink, Google Play, Dish, DirecTV, and Blockbuster/Sling TV.  „I have written many scripts and produced/directed a few films. But nothing compared to where my mind went with Check Point.” Thomas J. Churchill, Multi Award-Winning Filmmmaker The DVD retailers releasing the film are Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon.com, Netflix, Redbox, and Military Base shops.  The film was directed, produced and written by multi award-winning filmmaker Thomas J. Churchill. Check Point stars an ensemble cast consisting of WWE Universal Champion Bill Goldberg (The Longest Yard), William Forsythe (The Rock, Raising Arizona), Martial Arts Hall of Famer Mel Novak (Bruce Lee’s Game of Death, An Eye For An Eye opposite Chuck Norris), Kane Hodder (Jason Voorhees from Friday the 13th films), Tyler Mane (Michael Myers in Rob Zombie’s Halloween, X-Men), Fred „The Hammer” Williamson (From Dusk Till Dawn, Starsky & Hutch), Former UFC Champion John Lewis (Sons of Anarchy), Krista Grotte (Nation’s Fire, The Rack Pack, The Emerging Past) and Kenny Johnson (Bates Motel, The Shield). This project is also the last film of Ricky Harris (Heat, Dope) before his tragic and unexpected death.  Check Point is a very timely film considering all that is going on in the world today. This film is about a sleeper cell terrorist plot that is discovered in a small town where everyone knows one another, or so they thought they did. As justice seems lost, when an insurgent attack threatens to escalate into a full-blown invasion of the US, a team of unlikely heroes must rise up to fight the enemy and protect their beloved country. „The idea of Check Point was something that has been with me since 1987. At one time, I wanted to be in the service as my father, uncles, grandfather and even my brother served our country. But I realized that it takes a very special kind of person to wear the uniform and defend their country. At that time in my life, my mind drifted more to the cinema and I wanted to make movies…where people can escape their worries and problems and lose themselves for a bit and get caught up in the world of cinema,” he added. Other projects this multi-talented filmmaker has worked on are the two time award-winning retro-film noir zombie epic-Lazarus: Apocalypse starring James Duval (Independence Day), which won best horror film at The New York City International Film Festival.  He also wrote, produced, directed and starred in the eight-time award-winning horror film The Emerging Past Director’s Cut. He also produced and portrayed the sheriff in the indie film Mr. Hush. Churchill was also seen by millions on the SyFy Network’s hit series Monster Man in episode #2 titled The Forbidden Werewolf.  This talented multi-hyphenate had a memorable role in the new cult classic Samurai Cop 2: Deadly Vengeance with a talented ensemble cast consisting of Bai Ling (The Crow), Tommy Wiseau (The Room), Laurene Landon (Airplane 2: The Sequel), and Dawna Lee Heising (Pond Scum), and was reunited with Novak. He will also star with Novak and Landon in the upcoming Syndicate Smasher. Next on deck for Churchill is epic action thriller Nation’s Fire, ​starring Grotte, which he wrote and will be directing. Also on deck for him is an edgy new anthology TV series, Cold Plastic, ​which he also wrote and is directing  as well. Both projects are being production in conjunction David M. Parks’ Apothecary Entertainment. More info at http://www.churchhillproductions.com/ For interview opportunities and media coverage, please contact williamsonmgmt@gmail.com  Source: The Williamson Management on behalf of Church Hill Productions CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts, attack, base, defend, enemy, Entertainment, fight, fire, invasion, lose, military, Movies, Nation, service, star, TV, Uncategorized, uniform, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Protected Blog › Log in Next PostNext Governor McAuliffe Announces Acceptance of Private Sector Proposal to Deliver I-395 Express Lanes Extension – Milestone marks major advance toward expanding reliable travel choices on I-95/395 corridor Search Recent Posts Allergy Partners Provides Tips About Dry, Itchy Winter Skin YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact Indkaldelse til ordinær generalforsamling i Brøndbyernes I.F. Fodbold A/S Aktia tarjoaa kumppaneilleen uusia yhteistyömuotoja Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 69° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 59F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 40F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 6, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business AP No liquor in Walmart after sharply divided Colorado vote 8 hrs ago (…) DENVER (AP) — Colorado Walmart stores won't be selling liquor after a bill to allow the sales failed by a single vote Monday in the state Senate. Senators voted 18-17 to defeat a bill adjusting Colorado's liquor code a year after Colorado made its biggest alcohol change since the end of Prohibition by allowing more grocers to sell full-strength beer. The debate wasn't along party lines. Democrats and Republicans were both ardent supporters and opponents of the Walmart change. Walmart helped negotiate last year's alcohol bill, but apparently overlooked a provision making it impossible for some big-box retailers such as Walmart and Target to sell liquor. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid This year's measure was advertised as a "clean-up" measure. But it elicited opposition from senators who argued Walmart would drive more independent liquor stores out of business. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire General News State Legislature State Governments Government And Politics Legislature Bills Legislation Business Locations Colorado United States North America View (…) comments Most popular Demand for Provel cheese, new restaurants equal growth spurt at Imo's Pizza Kona beer is not from Hawaii, consumers say in lawsuit Businesses grapple with hike in St. Louis' minimum wage Dobbs family feud continues: brother accuses sister of defying court order St. Louis jury rejects woman's claims talcum powder contributed to her cancer Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section CSX reaches deal with hedge fund, hires new railroad CEO No cookies for you: Girl Scouts and others get the boot at O'Fallon, Mo., Wal-Mart Electronics retailer HHGregg files for bankruptcy Nicklaus: Stock market is sleepwalking past potential problems Peabody Energy agrees to collateral for mine cleanup costs Quick links Columnists David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Visit our Your Next Home booth at the Home & Garden show for a chance to win $3,000 in home furnishings from Dau Furniture! You could watch a Blues private practice and have lunch at Sub Zero Vodka Bar! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's inauguration - the OFFICIAL photos: The National Park Service releases dozens of photographs... so was Donald right to accuse the media of making his crowd seem smaller?  'Obamacare GONE': Republicans publish their plan to repeal The Affordable Care Act and replace it with tax credits - setting up an epic clash with Democrats Exposed, the truth behind the great health myths: From the five-a-day rule to eating oily fish once a week, experts reveal the common mantras that were completely made up Furious passengers dub the TSA's new 'invasive' pat-downs 'legalized groping' as it's revealed agents caught 79 people trying to get guns through security in one week Casey Anthony speaks out: America's most hated mom wistfully imagines how her murdered daughter Caylee would be a 'badass' if she were alive, says she 'sleeps pretty good at night' and calls herself 'one of the unfortunate idiots who lied'  Missing Richard Simmons is NOT being held hostage by his housekeeper, claims publicist as podcast takes US by storm Should mothers-to-be REALLY avoid fruit and veg? Claims pesticides could harm their baby's brain  'This is it. I've got to kill you now': Court hears what MMA fighter War Machine told his porn star ex-girlfriend as he beat her for TWO HOURS 'Diana was the only woman he told': Former Royal butler Paul Burrell reveals he is gay and announces he is to MARRY his lawyer boyfriend just nine months after divorcing his wife of 32 years Judge issues warrant for Azealia Banks's ARREST after she failed to turn up in court for 'biting female nightclub bouncer's breast' North Korea is 'training for an attack on US bases in Japan': Kim Jong Un is pictured applauding missile launch as Trump warns him of 'dire consequences' and sends anti-missile system to the South FBI Director James Comey is 'incredulous' over Trump's claim that Obama ordered a wiretap of his phones during the campaign Trump's Oval Office eruption was aimed at his LAWYER - not advisers Bannon and Priebus - as the president blew up over handling of attorney general's Russia recusal Now Trump wants Congress to investigate the 'pervasive' leaking of classified information that's plagued his administration 'The president, just for a moment forgot that he was president': Ex-CIA boss Hayden tries to explain Trump phonetapping tweet frenzy  JOBS, JOBS, JOBS: Trump gushes about Exxon on Twitter after oil giant announces investment plan in the Gulf FBI in the crosshairs: Now Comey is ordered by Senate committee chair to come clean on plans to pay the ex-British spy who wrote the dirty dossier  Trump signs new travel ban executive order that no longer targets Iraq and exempts green card holders - but it won't take effect for 10 days Trump offers Planned Parenthood way out of being defunded telling it: Stop abortions and you will keep federal cash  Outrage as Ben Carson calls slaves 'immigrants' who came to America with a 'dream' in his first speech as HUD secretary Support for Trump grows after address to Congress according to polls - but could this weekend's troubles spell catastrophe?  American citizen Khizr Khan is forced to cancel scheduled speech in Toronto after reportedly being warned his 'travel privileges are being reviewed' On pointe! Chelsea Clinton revisits her glory days as a ballerina while attending annual ballet ball with husband in New York City Mika unhinged: Morning Joe co-host says 'I don't know how anybody can defend this president!' as she predicts 'endgame' for Trump Previous Next Sounds like EVERYONE had a bad trip! Naked man on LSD leads police on a car chase from a Walmart parking lot Connor Rowan was seen naked in a car in a Louisiana parking lot, cops say They claim he drove away from them but stopped at a nearby gas station Police found LSD in a cigarette box in his car, they claim He faces six charges, including his second charge of indecent exposure  By James Wilkinson For Dailymail.com Published: 17:32 EST, 6 March 2017 | Updated: 17:53 EST, 6 March 2017 e-mail 5 shares 3 View comments Tripped up: Police say they spotted Connor Rowan, 21, sitting naked in a car in a Walmart parking lot in Louisiana early on Monday morning A Kentucky man took Louisiana police officers on a magical mystery tour of a Walmart parking lot on Monday when they allegedly spotted him naked and high on LSD. The patrol car was doing its rounds in Fairville at 12.07am when officers spotted Connor Rowan in a Walmart parking lot, sitting naked in a car with the engine running, police said. They went over to investigate, leading to a short and extremely confusing chase, the Courier-Journal reported. When an officer approached the car, Rowan, 21, put it in drive and revved the engine before driving it towards the cop, police allege. He stopped before striking the officer, reversed and fled, pursued by the cops, before stopping in a a Murphy USA gas station, according to the arrest warrant. Police say they found drugs - confirmed to be LSD by Rowan - in a cigarette packet in the car.  Rowan was made to perform a sobriety test, and was found to be unable to walk in a straight line or stop his eyes from wobbling. He was arrested and charged with one count each of first-degree wanton endangerment of a police officer, first-degree fleeing or evading police, driving under the influence, reckless driving and first-degree trafficking of a controlled substance. He was also charged with first-degree indecent exposure. This is the second time he has faced that particular charge, police said. He is now in the Louisville jail on a $5,000 cash bond, and his court date is set for March 16. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Mischievous soldier performs stunts in Russian tank Expectant mother dons mask to recreate giraffe baby watch Share this article Share Chase: Police chased him out of the lot (pictured) and stopped him in a nearby gas station, where they say they found LSD in a cigarette box in his car Read more: Police: Naked man on LSD led cops on short car chase Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Most watched News videos Leopards attack giant Rock Python in Kruger National Park The Walking Dead: New strain of spice turns homeless into zombies Woman stops car to beat passenger senseless on the road Louis Tomlinson challenges photographer before taking out fan Shocking video shows moment teenager is stabbed in South Norwood Droning on!: Neighbour tries to shoot down spying drone Violent brawl breaks out after man is savagely headbutted to floor Shocking video shows why Coke Zero really is better for you The Manly ferry tackles huge swells over the weekend Dash cam captures close drive-By shooting in Kansas Avalanche crashes down mountain at Russian ski resort Clever dog says 'I love you' to its owner to get treat PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven’t done yourself... Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000... Woman driver, 22, dragged another mother from her BMW... Tragedy of woman who woke from a coma to discover she... 'Diana was the only woman he told': Former Royal butler... Deckhand captures stunning images of monster waves... Epic death match between a giant python and a leopard... Madeleine McCann's parents 'are set to sue' Karen Danczuk... CCTV shows the moment a British backpacker, 22, who was... Newborn baby was battered to death by her drug addict... British backpacker, 22, 'raped and abused' for TWO MONTHS... The 'third gender' Hijras forced to sell themselves in... Boy, 10, and his 4-year-old sister start coughing up... Trump's inauguration - the OFFICIAL photos: The National... Worldwide hunt for 'conwoman' who used fake dating... 'Off-grid' parents whose toddler weed on This Morning... 'My cousin is missing': Carole Radziwill opens up about... Yves Saint Laurent is accused of 'degrading' models and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles Together since 2011 Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Ocean's Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Left very little to the imagination Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in $26K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere 'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap What would it take for you to marry a celeb? From backstage passes to a Beverley Hills zip code, LA locals reveal their conditions SPONSORED 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' 'Story of my life': Rachel Lindsay departs The Bachelor as Nick Viall narrows field after Fantasy Suite visits He enjoyed passionate nights with them Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Went bare-legged in nude pumps 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Exaggerated curves 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Smoldering photo of herself modeling Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Strutting her stuff on social media Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale Romantic walk together The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Dressed the same Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Seems to have confirmed a romance Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist Hard at work 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' New web series PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out Queen of the wild! Kylie Jenner gets back to nature for latest racy swimsuit photo shoot Wowed in a series of sultry and scenic nature-inspired shots The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Spotted giving off Disney princess vibes FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl...as a villain Exciting news for fans A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Sdventurously baggy trousers On pointe! Chelsea Clinton revisits her glory days as a ballerina while attending annual ballet ball with husband in New York City Turned up hand-in-hand 'I still have moments where I go, what was I thinking': As Kylie Minogue says her style has become 'refined' FEMAIL revisits her most memorable looks The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Didn't all go to plan  Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC The actress showed her slim physique Back on the trail to health! Rob Kardashian shares a snap from heart pumping hike...amid claims he is 'very unhealthy' since Blac Chyna split Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Went bare-legged  Carole Radziwill opens up about alerting authorities that John F. Kennedy Jr and Carolyn Bessette were missing after their plane vanished  EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere On the red carpet Adele wears glittering designer gown which has 10,000 Swarovski crystals as it's revealed as the ONLY dress for her entire Australian concert tour Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba 29-year-old star's bachelorette celebration Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan She's known for her quirky style Legging it! Demi Lovato shows off her 'thick thighs' yet again in tight yoga pants after sweaty session at gym Started her day with a three-hour session Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Shared sultry photos from her latest comedy Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth That's one expensive #BEACHelorette! Julianne Hough's exclusive 12-bed bachelorette pad cost $7k a night Located in Mexico Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness Missing Richard Simmons is NOT being held hostage by his housekeeper, claims publicist as podcast takes US by storm Refuted the claims 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release They are reportedly called Stella and Esther The Bachelor's Vanessa Grimaldi visits a bridal shop... immediately sparking speculation she's Nick Viall's pick Three contestants left Michelle Dockery stuns in monochrome jumpsuit at New York screening of The Sense Of An Ending Showed off her svelte figure and tiny waist 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Comes after Scheana split from her husband Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith Handsome actor donned sporty garb Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognizable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22, was involved in the bust-up Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' 31-year-old High School Musical star Comedian Patton Oswalt's daughter Alice captures the hearts of thousands online by using emoji to pen a VERY bold message to President Trump Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Hollywood heavyweights will collaborate Bill Paxton died 11 days after undergoing ANEURYSM surgery, death certificate reveals Complications from a valve replacement triggered a stroke  Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Barely recognizable beneath his beard, shades and cap Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It Two-time Emmy-winning Two And A Half Men star 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy bodysuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses While out for breakfast in West Hollywood on Monday 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set Impressive and stellar line up for Ocean's Eight 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Tropical sunshine Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA RHOM star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he prepares to play Disney's first gay character Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen Paris Fashion Week Show... before going to catch Rihanna's new collection  'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Contestants are still a mystery Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Revealed as the stars in a remake - with a twist She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Girlfriend of two years Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favors this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself She's raised eyebrows 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso 'I wish I had trusted my instincts': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' about the failed relationship Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital EXCLUSIVE: Trainer  Gunnar Peterson - the man behind Khloe Kardashian's incredible weight loss - was arrested for picking up a prostitute  Braless Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes underboob in super cropped jumper at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Boston native David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Single mommy? Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumors romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction... six months after they split  Queen's grandson Peter Phillips' firm received $917,000 for organizing her 90th birthday party - more than TWICE the amount it raised for charity Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto, who is 20 years his junior, flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Pair looked loved up Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Featured ten buckles  Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection - as she asks the designer to 'dress her' Diana's former butler Paul Burrell reveals he is gay and announces he is to MARRY his lawyer boyfriend just nine months after getting divorced from his wife 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross during her father's wiretapping scandal  Stony-faced Ivanka is driven out of her D.C. home as Jared sets off for another day at the White House after spending the weekend in Mar-a-Lago  Janelle Monáe tweets the words 'Menstrual Period Blood' in honor of Women's History Month - and quickly takes down everyone who calls her 'gross' and 'disgusting'  Astonishing footage shows 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling a photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining her new track Green Light sounds too much like her popstar pal's music They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Kenneth Lonergan SLAMS editor of college paper while defending Casey Affleck against sexual harassment allegations after student publishes 'slander' He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Australia show 'I want people to be seen. I want them to feel less alone': Oscar winner Viola Davis makes touching speech about what drives her as an actress From Australian soap operas to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic  Let's be blunt: As celebrities from Kerry Washington to Nina Dobrev go short, pro hairstylists reveal why the bob is spring's must-have haircut 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start Was with her besties  Emily Mortimer and Ben Whishaw appear as adult versions of characters Jane and Michael as new version of Mary Poppins continues filming How TLC hid sex pest Josh Duggar with a fake SUN glare in new episodes featuring Jinger's wedding special to keep him out of the series From flame red and pale pink to bright green, FEMAIL reveals how stylish stars like Kendall Jenner and Olivia Palermo are embracing cool color combos As short-handle pocketbooks become all the rage with stars like Emily Ratajkowski, FEMAIL reveals the coolest spring styles to hit the market  Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris New look for the model  'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken EdSheeran is reduced to tears as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Turner Classic Movies host and film historian Robert Osborne dies at age 84 The Washington state native also interviewed a host of A-list actors  Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Happy group shot   'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns in accident on tour bus Could not perform in Memphis  Missed a step? Bachelor bad boy Nick Viall looks a little stressed as he trains for DWTS with Peta Murgatroyd Is he already worried? So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work The 37-year-old singer shared a snap of two-and-half month old  Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED  Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  Got together last year 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy All bundled up Nicole Kidman goes topless in emotionally revealing shower scene on HBO's Big Little Lies The 49-year-old actress went nude for yet another scene Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz, 44, cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries on a low-key trip with a friend  'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Has her mother's beauty Kendall Jenner nails casual glamor in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week 'We were 9 and 10 years old!': Kim Kardashian shares rare carefree photo with sister Kourtney from her happy childhood long before fame hit Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, two weeks after giving birth  'Carson Kressley defends co-star Arnold Schwarzenegger after Trump claims Terminator star was fired from The Apprentice 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff  - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' Controversial snap   Katy Perry shows off her gold Nike TOOTH JEWELRY as she jokes she's looking for 'real friends' after no one told her she quinoa in her teeth 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King New Estée Lauder ad 'He's just a racist': Don Cheadle claims Donald Trump said the n-word to his friend's father during golf tournament just moments after the two first met She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine Meet laid-back Barack! Obama unveils a new casual look after ditching his stuffy White House suits for the leather jacket and jeans of his Harvard days Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Striking supermodel  Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She is a lying b****': Kandi Burruss lashes out after Porsha Williams claims she tried to DRUG her and take her home to 'sex dungeon' on RHOA  'If I could snap my fingers? Trump would not be elected': Leighton Meester claims the election result was worse than the birth of HITLER in new interview A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris Model turned heads   Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress... as she heads to dinner after stripping to her lingerie for a clip Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns You're funny, dad! David Duchovny enjoys spending time with daughter Madelaine as they take in a New York Knicks game with pal Steve Buscemi Prince Jackson takes on his dad's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids, and reveals 'Smooth Criminal' is his favorite video  Exes Tarek and Christina El Moussa will NOT make any extra money over five new Flip Or Flop spin-offs The couple had a high-profile split  Jessica Chastain catches the eye in a quirky black and white dress and shocking pink heels for TV appearance in Poland Wowed in Warsaw  Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitoes during a gig in Australia  Reaction caused a buzz Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Has a sweet tooth Riding high: At 90 the Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle  Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'I wanted it to be about inclusion': Justin Timberlake sends message to young fans as he takes Song of the Year at iHeartRadio Music Awards Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at the launch of the ROVA Flying Selfie Camera in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica  Superhero feud! Ryan Reynolds hits back at Hugh Jackman on Twitter over hilarious 'protesters' comment at the Logan premiere in Beijing Are they available for the Oscars? Coldplay's Chris Martin has children deliver acceptance speech at iHeartRadio Music Awards      DON'T MISS Orlando who? Upbeat Katy Perry performs on stage in LA wearing funky red and pink ensemble days after split from Bloom Flaunted her cleavage Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London The 26-year-old singer oozed spring vibes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am says he approves of Cheryl's union with Liam Payne, but WON'T confirm if she's given birth Busting out! Model and blogger Pia Muehlenbeck posts raunchy photo in outdoor shower while holidaying in Bali Enjoying the sun  'This year has been pretty disordered': Megan Marx continues to hint she has split from Tiffany Scanlon as she shares a raunchy selfie  Rumors are swirling Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong for best actor - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Casting away the single life! Swimsuit-clad Julianne Hough dances with Nina Dobrev as her big bachelorette weekend continues  Harry and Meghan... The REAL story of their romantic Jamaican reunion: The $6,150 a night villa, disaster on the dancefloor and pastor's prediction  Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in a body-hugging embellished black dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson in Paris  Looks like they got the memo! Scream Queens star Abigail Breslin and her friend wear matching leopard print jackets as they step out in New York In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Revealed the gender of their unborn child  Dare to flare! Joanna Krupa flaunts her slender pins in figure-hugging retro trousers as she steps out in Poland Kept things classic 'He threw me to the ground... he's going to jail': Fan 'hit by 1D star Louis Tomlinson at airport' smiles as she reveals her intention to press charges 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation with fan 'She is a lying b****': Kandi Burruss confronts Porsha Williams over sex claims on Real Housewives of Atlanta Hawaii trip did nothing for their frosty relations  Geri Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Mother-son time  'I feel lucky': Shannen Doherty says she feels 'great' while hosting charity gala days after her last chemo session She has been battling breast cancer Newly single Katy Perry wears metallic raspberry jumpsuit as she continues to show off her cropped blonde locks following dinner date  Snow way! Bindi Irwin is in complete awe of the stunning winter wonderland at her mother's home state of Oregon Short clip of herself SPOILER ALERT: 'Do you know that?' Hannah Horvath learns of surprise pregnancy during emergency room visit on HBO's Girls Is she expecting? Seeing double! Alessandra Ambrosio stuns in a thigh-skimming minidress as she unveils a bikini-clad waxwork of herself at Madame Tussauds Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet Belt up! Halsey covers her assets with leather strap as she strikes attention-grabbing pose at iHeartRadio Awards Just a belt covering her modesty Busty blonde! Stassi Schroeder flaunts her cleavage in very low-cut jumpsuit at iHeart Radio Music Awards in LA The reality star, 28, added shiny heels  Girls' day! Kardashian sisters brunch and cruise the open road in a cherry red classic Chevrolet Bel Air Kourtney and Khloe and Kim  Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before British show Top Gear returns to screens without him 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life What a warm-up! Fans fawn as Justin Bieber squeezes in a sweaty workout after arriving in Australia for much-hyped concert series  After touching down 'Watch out, bad boy alert!' Cody Simpson wows fans with a rock'n'roll look while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles Opting for a mature look Star in stripes! Christina Milian ditches the glamour as she heads to dinner after eye-popping display at iHeartRadio awards Busty silver number 'She's who I want to be when I grow up': Miley Cyrus sweetly introduces her younger sister Noah at iHeartRadio Music Awards Coining an expression! 'Super embarrassed' Winona Ryder dubs SAG Awards gurning session 'Facegate' Meme-inspiring turn at the ceremony  'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'Another day, another slay': Alli Simpson cuts an edgy figure in an all black military chic ensemble on the red carpet of the iHeartRadio awards Sports Illustrated model Hunter McGrady flaunts her fabulous figurein a bondage inspired dress at the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'Turning a new leaf!' Katy Perry shows off new breakup hairdo as she hits her first red carpet since split from Orlando Bloom Looked stunning The truth behind Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? New FX show Feud reveals how Joan Crawford and Bette Davis were almost replaced 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following Orlando Bloom split Like mother like daughter! A very pouty Caitlyn Jenner takes lip kit queen daughter Kylie to dinner Hanging out with loved ones David Cassidy, 66, performs FINAL concert on his tour after revelation he is suffering from laryngitis on top of tragic dementia David Letterman calls Trump 'crazy' says the Russians 'groomed' him and predicts the president 'will take a fastball to the face and have to leave the game'  SPOILER ALERT! Rick Grimes and Michonne take sex-filled scavenger mission on The Walking Dead Almost lost their lives during their quest  'Reunited!' Rachel Bilson catches up with Hart of Dixie costars Jaime King and Wilson Bethel at ACLU event It's been two years since they were a trio  Going somewhere? Mischa Barton carries passport and draws stares in baggy red bottoms as meltdown recovery continues On the comeback trail  United front: Former couple Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer play happy families as they take their kids out to lunch in LA Amicable divorce  Pharrell Williams wears surgical face mask while walking through the airport In Japan, it is considered polite to wear a surgical mask in public 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Hot in Miami! Bethenny Frankel flaunts her curves in stylish two-piece as she hits the beach with handsome mystery man She's a Skinny Girl 'I miss my mommy so much': Teresa Giudice takes to social media to share her sorrow about mother Antonia Gorga's death at 66 She is heart-broken  It must be love! Sophie Turner accompanies Joe Jonas from NYC to LA and back again in 24 hours as he attends awards show Headed out for the night Tale as old as time: Ariana Grande and John Legend enchant in the music video for Beauty And The Beast The pair sang the famous theme song  'Gigi is the conduit': Tommy Hilfiger wildly claims Hadid's veil-clad Vogue Arabia cover can improve 'relations' between the US and Middle East 'Trump is making me gain weight!' Barbara Streisand blames POTUS for stressing her out so much she overeats Megastar's revelation  Daddy's treat? Lionel Richie leaves Beverly Hills store wallet in hand after shopping trip with daughter Sofia, 18 Stopped by Barney's New York A right Royal girl squad! From her daughter's godmother to a reality TV star, FEMAIL takes a look at the women in Princess Mary's inner circle Legs for days! Fifth Harmony are in sync with flesh baring outfits at the iHeartRadio Music Awards Dressed in coordinated mini dresses Bra-vo! Karrueche Tran shows off her abs in red-hot lace and satin at the iHeartRadio Music Awards following more drama with Chris Brown Wowed in two-piece From Paris with love: Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid pack on the PDA in sweet thank you video as the former One Direction star wins iHeartRadio Award  Ivanka Trump and family return to Washington on Air Force One after a weekend of relaxing at Mar-a-Lago Posted the photo of her children relaxing  Not a care in the world! Barack and Michelle Obama smile as they are seen for the first time since Trump's sensational phone tapping claims Julianne Moore dazzles in a stunning floral maxi dress as she hosts L'Oreal dinner during Paris Fashion Week  Oscar winner  Tom Arnold and his 'legal eagles are suing Channel 10 for an unpaid amount of $140,000 actor says they owe him for I'm A Celebrity Australia contract' Smooth sailing! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka soak up the sun on luxury yacht as they enjoy kids-free trip to St. Barts Relaxing in the sun  On the prowl! Country starlet Kelsea Ballerini turns heads in sparkling blue catsuit at iHeartRadio Music Awards Turned heads  Leggy lady! Heidi Klum shows her stripes in b&w-sequinned mini-dress at iHeartRadio Music Awards Showcased her legs  Maddie Ziegler wears a fun mini dress to support her mentor Sia at the iHeartRadio Music Awards Sowed up to support her friend and mentor Her leading man! Paris Hilton holds hands with new beau Chris Zylka as they jet out of LA in coordinating leather looks Spotted clutching mitts  Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso stare into each other's eyes and hold hands after The Veronicas star went topless during Mardi Gras performance Sunday funday! Gwen Stefani looks leggy in khaki shirt dress and fishnets as she heads to church with her boys The mother-of-three was just missing one son Quite the Hello! Lucky Adele fan captures amazing selfie with the singer after scoring free tickets to the UK star's Brisbane concert Captured the star   Dev Patel can't stop kissing his stunning new girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey as they enjoy a pedalo ride during idyllic romantic day out in LA A bit of PDA Emily Ratajkowski sizzles in a leather skirt as she leads a bevy of models into the L'Oreal Paris Fashion Week star-studded dinner Brunette beauty Angelina Jolie's son Maddox scores producing credit on her Netflix film First They Killed My Father Nepotistically-privileged 15-year-old  Funny girl! Chrissy Teigen can't stop giggling as she and John Legend prepare to leave Miami They were in town for a friend's wedding A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her Dad in Melbourne... a month after split from British fiance Joshua Sasse Olivia Culpo brings the bedroom to the FROW as she exposes her lingerie from beneath flirty sheer negligee while dazzling at John Galliano PFW show 'There were some very upset people!' Dan Stevens reveals he is STILL apologising to Downton Abbey fans for his character's shock death  Prince of pop! Harry collides with a waitress and sends a drinks tray flying after Moonwalking in front of Meghan at Jamaican wedding reception 'It left me looking like I'd been mutilated': Chloe Lattanzi, 31, FINALLY admits to having plastic surgery including a botched boob job at 18  Life's peachy! Gigi Hadid flashes her derriere in skimpy striped swimsuit as she stuns in new Tommy Hilfiger SS17 campaign Model behavior Leggy Lottie Moss oozes glamour as she sizzles in skimpy mini with rose embroidered coat for L'Oreal Paris Fashion Week dinner  Kate's sister One in three chance! Marlon Wayans, Tone Bell and Brandon Mychal Smith all in running to take Nick Cannon's spot on America's Got Talent Coveted gig EXCLUSIVE - Undercover lover: Hunter Biden and his brother's widow Hallie step out together for the first time since their romance was revealed  Lara Stone flashes her slender pins in asymmetric dress with daring thigh-high split at L'Oreal dinner in Paris The Dutch model stepped out Karlie Kloss strikes a slender pose in chic black jeans as she returns to her New York apartment after errands Was sporting a simple  ensemble 'I don't know what my t**s have to do with feminism': Emma Watson hits back at critics who branded her a 'hypocrite' for braless magazine shoot Taking care of body and soul! Jennifer Garner rocks nautical stripes for visit to church after early morning gym session In West Hollywood How posh are YOU? Expert reveals the words making you sound common that you'd never hear Kate and William say (including 'pardon' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images... as she sparks further debate over baby's arrival H2-woah! CHiPs actor Dax Shepard leads the Chicago Polar Plunge as hundreds run into the chilly waters of Lake Michigan Charity fundraiser ANTM star Bello Sanchez says he was raped in Paris nightclub and claims cops didn't properly respond because of his race and sexuality Lauren Silverman looks effortlessly chic in a simple skinny jean and T-shirt combo as she takes sweet son Eric, 3, to the park in LA Simon Cowell's girl Date night! Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in nude bodysuit as she dines at Craig's with beau Grigor Dimitrov The former Pussycat Dolls singer Playboy bunny Carla Howe flaunts her ample cleavage and enviable hourglass curves in plunging khaki midi dress as she steps out in London Bella Hadid nails goth chic once more as she flashes her lacy bra and endless legs in sensational PVC ensemble during Paris stay   Rock chick Courteney Cox goes solo to catch a band at Hollywood's iconic Troubadour... but it wasn't fiancé Johnny McDaid's Snow Patrol Friends star 'She died of an overdose!' Movie mogul Jeffrey Katzenberg reveals iconic romantic comedy Pretty Woman nearly had a much darker ending Fresh-faced beauty! Sofia Richie goes makeup-free in a hoodie and velour trousers as she picks up a smoothie in Beverly Hills She is 18 Garfield creator Jim Davis is forced to wade in and clear up social media debate over the famous cartoon tabby's gender Wikipedia editing war broke out Logan slices box office with $85.3M as horror flick Get Out slides to second place and Moonlight gets a post-Oscars bump R-rated X-Men spinoff Pretty in pink: Gigi Hadid wows in fuchsia suede jacket and PVC leggings as she's spotted dashing between fashion shows in Paris Ready to pop! Heavily-pregnant Jenna Jameson shows off huge baby bump in clinging dress as she lunches with fiance in LA Time to cool off! Happy (and hunky) Prince Harry enjoys a dip in the ocean as he and Meghan relax on the beach in Jamaica after his 'wingman's' sun-drenched wedding EXCLUSIVE: Beau Biden's widow pictured wearing her wedding ring and out for the first time since her relationship with Hunter Biden was revealed  College star breaks records with 4.22 second 40-yard dash, setting himself up for '$27M NFL deal' - but he missed out on winning an ISLAND from Adidas because he wore Nikes  'They look so big!' Cosmetic doctor reveals the REAL reason behind Beyoncé's pout as her fuller lips send fans into meltdown Expecting twins PICTURED: Emily Blunt appears practically perfect in costume as filming gets underway for Mary Poppins' Returns in London Another classic remake 'Has she left the hanger in?!' Jennifer Hudson's shoulder pads stun The Voice viewers... as she's likened to Frankenstein and Dynasty-era Joan Collins Now THAT'S a throwback: A young Hugh Jackman looks handsome as ever as he auditions for iconic Wolverine role back in 1999 Harry's all mine! Meghan's protective arm and her $6,150 bracelet that declares their love to the world No mistaking the message  'Been waiting for this for the longest time': Maksim Chmerkovskiy can't hide his joy as he dances with his baby boy Shai in a carrier Dancing With the Stars  'Be free dad': Mel B reveals her father Martin Brown has died aged 63 after five year battle with cancer The Spice Girl revealed her heartache Kellyanne makes herself comfortable on SN: Kate McKinnon mocks her 'sofa-gate' but Alec Baldwin and his Trump impression fails to appear  No contest here! Ashley Graham dons see-through wet T-shirt which exposes her nipples during Miami getaway with husband Justin Ervin Emily Ratajkowski is the picture of elegance in a chartreuse lace dress as she joins leggy Kate Mara at Valentino AW17 show during Paris Fashion Week Peace ya'll! Chris Pratt looks dapper in western-style denim during casual outing in Beverly Hills Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 star 'I want to be part of the solution': Kesha makes heartfelt PSA with the National Eating Disorders Association The 30-year-old Tic-Toc singer Megan Rapinoe's on-field protest of the national anthem prompts US Soccer to require players to 'stand respectfully' for the song La Dolce Vita! Italian siren Monica Bellucci flaunts her cleavage in an unbuttoned shirt and tangerine coat as she poses up a storm at Monte Carlo film festival Grand style! Julianne Moore travels to Paris in luxe scarf and all black ensemble during Fashion Week The 56-year-old looked comfortable but chic EXCLUSIVE: Pastor who officiated the Jamaican wedding of one of Prince Harry's closest friends says he and Meghan Markle 'looked in love' Get fit in 15 minutes: The simple exercise you can do to tone up your stomach muscles This plank with a twist is simple, but effective - and it doesn't take long  Singer-songwriter Tommy Page, who once toured with NKOTB, dies of an apparent suicide aged 46 Best known for his 1990 hit I'll Be Your Everything Dakota Fanning brandishes a bloody knife as she goes braless in a cropped cotton top in Western thriller Brimstone ahead of DVD release  'My lawyer said, "Run, Jeffy, run!" and I ran': Jeff Sessions is mocked as Forrest Gump who fist-bumps Putin in SNL skit after recusing himself  Hadid it again! Model Gigi flaunts unbelievably long legs in tiny demim shorts as she takes centre stage in ANOTHER fashion  campaign 'He socked me in the face... he's going to jail': 1D fan claims Louis Tomlinson 'threw her to the floor' amid paparazzi bust-up with girlfriend Eleanor Today's headlines Most Read Trump's inauguration - the OFFICIAL photos: The National Park Service releases dozens of photographs... so... 'Obamacare GONE': Republicans publish their plan to repeal The Affordable Care Act and replace it with tax... Exposed, the truth behind the great health myths: From the five-a-day rule to eating oily fish once a week,... Furious passengers dub the TSA's new 'invasive' pat-downs 'legalized groping' as it's revealed agents caught... Casey Anthony speaks out: America's most hated mom wistfully imagines how her murdered daughter Caylee would... Richard Simmons is NOT being held hostage by his housekeeper, claims publicist as podcast takes US by storm Should mothers-to-be REALLY avoid fruit and veg? Claims pesticides could harm their baby's brain  'This is it. I’ve got to kill you now': Court hears what MMA fighter War Machine told his porn star... 'Diana was the only woman he told': Former Royal butler Paul Burrell reveals he is gay and announces he is... Judge issues warrant for Azealia Banks's ARREST after she failed to turn up in court for 'biting female... North Korea is 'training for an attack on US bases in Japan': Kim Jong Un is pictured applauding missile... FBI Director James Comey is 'incredulous' over Trump's claim that Obama ordered a wiretap of his phones... Trump's Oval Office eruption was aimed at his LAWYER – not advisers Bannon and Priebus – as the president... Now Trump wants Congress to investigate the 'pervasive' leaking of classified information that's plagued his... 'The president, just for a moment forgot that he was president': Ex-CIA boss Hayden tries to explain Trump... JOBS, JOBS, JOBS: Trump gushes about Exxon on Twitter after oil giant announces investment plan in the Gulf FBI in the crosshairs: Now Comey is ordered by Senate committee chair to come clean on plans to pay the... Trump signs new travel ban executive order that no longer targets Iraq and exempts green card holders – but... Trump offers Planned Parenthood way out of being defunded telling it: Stop abortions and you will keep... Outrage as Ben Carson calls slaves 'immigrants' who came to America with a 'dream' in his first speech as... Support for Trump grows after address to Congress according to polls - but could this weekend's troubles... American citizen Khizr Khan is forced to cancel scheduled speech in Toronto after reportedly being warned... On pointe! Chelsea Clinton revisits her glory days as a ballerina while attending annual ballet ball with... Mika unhinged: Morning Joe co-host says 'I don't know how anybody can defend this president!' as she... 'If I could snap my fingers? Trump would not be elected': Leighton Meester claims the election result was... Jeff Sessions clarifies his confirmation hearing testimony to acknowledge he spoke to Russian ambassador... White House fails to offer ANY evidence of Trump Tower bugging for third straight day: Spokeswoman is... Trump's Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and other top officials are bedding down at the Trump hotel in... The holiday's over! Stony-faced Ivanka talks on her cell phone as she is driven out of her D.C. home in a... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Weather 73° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Breaking News WATCH LIVE: Giraffe cam at Animal Adventure Park Close Baytown PD: Help needed in identifying suspects in baby formula thefts BAYTOWN, Texas- The police are asking for the public's help in identifying suspects for a series a baby formula thefts at a Walmart in Baytown. KHOU.com , KHOU 10:16 PM. CST March 06, 2017 Photos: Baytown Police Department  CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST BAYTOWN, Texas- The police are asking for the public's help in identifying suspects for a series a baby formula thefts at a Walmart in Baytown.  According to the Baytown Police Department, the thefts have occurred over the past several months at the Walmart located in the 4900 block of Garth Road.  Police said all the suspects worked together with the men serving as lookouts as the women entered the store. The women were seen entering the store with a baby stroller or baby carrier and diaper bags. They would then load the diaper bags with baby formula and leave the store without paying.  Police said the Walmart had been targeted at least five times since January, stealing more than $2600 in baby formula.  Please see images of the suspects below: They were captured on video surveillance leaving the store in a white, Ford F-150 Super crew four-door pickup truck with black rims.  Photo: Baytown Police Department    Police believe the suspects are selling the formula on the black market. They also discourage the public from feeding any product to their child that is purchased from an unauthorized vendor or third party because "it is impossible to ensure the integrity of the product." If you know any information about the suspects, please call the Baytown Police Department at (281) 422-8371.  Crime Stopper is offering a $2000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the suspects. You can contact them at (281) 427- 8477.  (© 2017 KHOU) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Runners in Woodlands Marathon mistakenly led off course New homeowners find remains inside wall of home in the Heights Satanic murder victim ID'd by family, friends Hofheinz Pavilion hosts its final game with legends in attendance New information released on suspect in Memorial sexual assault case Expecting mother reenacts giraffe watch Woman charged with improper photography KHOU Live Web Desk Victim is missing teen from Jersey Village New bill proposes protection from firing employees who show political expression More Stories Teen charged after shooting chase suspect Mar. 6, 2017, 8:37 p.m. The mystery of Mary Cerruti Mar. 6, 2017, 2:34 p.m. Victim in ‘satanic' gang murder ID'd as missing… Mar. 6, 2017, 4:06 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 69° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 59F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 40F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 6, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close No cookies for you: Girl Scouts and others get the boot at O'Fallon, Mo., Wal-Mart By Nancy Cambria St. Louis Post-Dispatch Nancy Cambria 6 hrs ago (…) A popular O’Fallon, Mo., Walmart will no longer allow groups to solicit at its store on Highway K. This includes one of the region’s top solicitors: area Girl Scout troops selling cookies. A Walmart employee said Monday the store had decided to put a halt to solicitations for a while after an altercation broke out with another group at the store. The store employee and a corporate spokesman, Charles Crowson, did not name the organization involved in the incident but noted it was not Girl Scouts. “We pride ourselves on working as a leader in the communities we serve. Due to a recent series of events outside of our store, we’ve chosen to scale back solicitation for local groups and organizations,” Crowson said in an email statement released Monday. The no-solicitation policy is in effect only at the O’Fallon store. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Aurrice Duke-Rollings, a spokeswoman with Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri, said Walmart has been an excellent partner. “Our girls develop essential leadership and life skills through participating in the Girl Scout Cookie Program,” Duke-Rollins said in a written statement. “In addition to our dedicated volunteers and parents, a large measure of its success is directly tied to community support for which we are very grateful.” Last summer Schnucks markets came under scrutiny when it banned all solicitors, including Girl Scouts and Salvation Army bell ringers. The chain was in a labor dispute at the time. Schnucks later granted an exception to its no-solicitation policy, allowing the Salvation Army to conduct its annual fundraising holiday drive at area stores. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Schnucks to allow Salvation Army bell ringers to return for the holidays It's an exception to the grocer's recently imposed ban on solicitors.  Tags Girl Scout Cookies Girl Scouts Of Eastern Missouri Wal-mart O'fallon Mo Store Commerce Economics Girl Scout Nancy Cambria Nancy Cambria is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Nancy Cambria Close Get email notifications on Nancy Cambria daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Nancy Cambria posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Nancy Cambria Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Demand for Provel cheese, new restaurants equal growth spurt at Imo's Pizza Kona beer is not from Hawaii, consumers say in lawsuit Businesses grapple with hike in St. Louis' minimum wage Dobbs family feud continues: brother accuses sister of defying court order St. Louis jury rejects woman's claims talcum powder contributed to her cancer Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section CSX reaches deal with hedge fund, hires new railroad CEO No cookies for you: Girl Scouts and others get the boot at O'Fallon, Mo., Wal-Mart Electronics retailer HHGregg files for bankruptcy Nicklaus: Stock market is sleepwalking past potential problems Peabody Energy agrees to collateral for mine cleanup costs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Visit our Your Next Home booth at the Home & Garden show for a chance to win $3,000 in home furnishings from Dau Furniture! You could watch a Blues private practice and have lunch at Sub Zero Vodka Bar! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse How Wal-Mart Can Beat Amazon: Copy What Amazon Does Best Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 06, 2017 2:06pm   Comments Share: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) versus Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) is the battle of two behemoths although Amazon is winning the heads-up battle for the time being. Ron Johnson, the former CEO of J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE: JCP) and now CEO of Enjoy, a company that delivers premium tech products to buyers' homes, spoke with Recode's Kara Swisher during the latest "Recode Decode" podcast and offered his take on what Wal-Mart needs to do to beat Amazon. Play The Same Game Johnson suggested that Amazon's Prime membership program is so powerful because it "locks people in," especially as the company continues to add new services. Prime members are known to spend much more than regular customers; so, why doesn't Wal-Mart create its own equivalent to Prime? Johnson continued that a "Wal-Mart Prime" loyalty program could entice consumers to shop online and offline. Some of the benefits it could offer include free food and discounts on purchases. The retail executive emphasized the fact that Amazon's philosophy needs to be duplicated by retailers and in Wal-Mart's case, its physical footprint and vast resources and cash gives it all of the tools to beat Amazon. But Wal-Mart needs to focus on the right things and Wal-Mart most certainly isn't doing that. Specifically, Wal-Mart is focusing too much on its own internal business and not looking at its biggest and most dominant competitor. "That's like the Warriors going to play Cleveland in the NBA finals and not caring about LeBron James, but saying, ‘Let's improve our zone defense,'" Johnson said. "At some point, you gotta say, ‘LeBron's the challenge! We gotta defend LeBron!'" Related Link: If Two-Day Shipping Is 'Table Stakes' For Wal-Mart, It Should Go 'All In' Related Link: Wal-Mart Vs. Amazon: 2016 E-Commerce Breakdown Posted-In: Amazon Prime e-commerce EnjoyAnalyst Color Tech Media Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + JCP) TD Ameritrade's Investor Movement Index (IMX) For February 2017 Logitech Is Ready To Show It Is Bigger Than Just Computer Mouses Industry Valuation Metrics Go Out The Window For These 3 Stocks This Earnings Season Made Netflix The Top Long-Term Internet Pick It's No Secret: Retail Investors Love Snapchat What Happened To Target's E-Commerce Business? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 GPRO, NOVN: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 CASY, KFY: Keep an Eye on These 5 Stocks for March 6, 2017 3 FB, SNAP: Snap Says It May Never Become Profitable; Here's... 4 IEP, ENZN: Icahn's (Potential) Move Into Biotech 5 BGSF, CASY: Earnings Scheduled For March 6, 2017 6 TRCO, RRC: Barron's Picks And P... 7 EXPE, ATHM: Benzinga's... 1 VRX: Valeant Tumbles After Breaching Major Support Level 2 XLK, SNE: Rewriting The Script: Simulation Games Take Inspiration From Art, Soc... 3 SNAP: Short Sellers: What's It Mean For A Stock To Be 'Hard T... 4 AKRX: Does Reward Potential Still Outweigh The Risk In Akorn Shares? 5 TTD, GPRO: 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Monday 6 Stock Index Futures Edge Up 7 U.S. Dollar Index Edges Up Ahead of Data View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products No Bounce For Nutanix After Friday's Swoon
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Can $7 Billion Turn Things Around for Target? Target is revamping its stores and supply chain over the next three years. Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Mar 6, 2017 at 1:40PM Target (NYSE:TGT) bought something extremely valuable last week when it released its outlook for 2017. It bought time. Three years, to be specific. The cost came directly out of the pockets of investors, though, and Target's stock plunged 12% following the company's fourth-quarter earnings report. Target told investors it's heading into a year of investment, and it won't return to profit growth until 2019. If that sounds familiar, it's because Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) told a similar story to investors in 2015. Shares of Wal-Mart faced a similar double-digit percentage-point drop when it announced its plans. Target plans to spend $7 billion to remodel stores, expand its small-store format, drive online sales growth, and lower its prices to compete with Wal-Mart and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). Overall, it expects the investments to cost the company $1 billion in operating profits this year. While Target has no pressure to grow profits in the short term, will its investments pay off in the long run? Image source: Target Reversing its original plan While Wal-Mart and other brick-and-mortar retailers lowered prices to compete with Amazon.com, Target raised prices the past few years. In fact, Target's sales declines over the past few years would have been much worse if Target hadn't focused on higher-priced, higher-margin products. But now it's reversing direction, and it's hoping to drive greater foot traffic with lower gross margin. Target will work to lower prices over the next three years to compete with the pricing of Wal-Mart (which recently made its own efforts to lower prices even more) and Amazon. "We are aggressively investing in the business to make sure we are highly competitive on price across our assortment," CEO Brian Cornell told investors. In an effort to drive higher foot traffic, it's also remodeling stores. It expects to remodel 600 stores by 2019, and each remodel will cost around $5.5 million, according to management. Target also plans to open 100 new smaller format stores in cities and on college campuses. While Target's remodels should help drive same-store-sales growth into positive territory again, those sales will come at a lower gross margin. It's hard to see how Target's bottom line benefits from all this new spending, even in the long run. Taking on the online competition One bright spot at Target is the growth of its digital sales. Digital sales increased 34% in the fourth quarter, well ahead of the growth of Wal-Mart or Amazon. But Target is growing off a much smaller base than its competing retailers. Digital sales amounted to just $3.4 billion last year for Target. By comparison, Amazon sold $124 billion worth of stuff online in 2016. Target plans to compete by revamping its supply chain and using stockrooms at its stores to ship directly to customers. With 1,800 stores in the U.S., that makes it extremely competitive with Amazon. Amazon only has a few dozen fulfillment centers, but they're very strategically located, as 44% of the U.S. population lives within 20 miles of an Amazon fulfillment center. Wal-Mart is working on something similar and recently started offering free two-day shipping on about 2 million products sold online. Of course, that pales in comparison with the selection of Prime-eligible products on Amazon. But Target again suffers from the same conundrum as Wal-Mart when it comes to attracting more online sales. Amazon is at the top of people's minds when they think of online shopping. Overcoming that hurdle is much more important than improving fulfillment speeds at this point. Target's plans to spend $7 billion over the next three years are bold, and given the current trend of sales declines, the company could use some shaking up. It's certainly feeling some pain in the short term as it resets expectations. It's unclear, though, if its plan to invigorate long-term growth will actually pay off. But that $7 billion and massive drop in market cap bought Target three years to prove the doubters wrong. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 1:40PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.88 down $0.15 (-0.21%) Target NYSE:TGT $56.10 down $-1.25 (-2.18%) Read More What Costco's Inventory Turnover Says About Its Moat Target Is Thinking Small What Happened in the Stock Market Today Target Sales Slide but Shares Fly High Anyway Amazon and Target, Back Together Again Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Can $7 Billion Turn Things Around for Target? @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $TGT
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News One Put, One Call Option To Know About for Wal-Mart Stores Shutterstock photo Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Symbol: WMT). So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from the May expiration for WMT. The put contract our YieldBoost algorithm identified as particularly interesting, is at the $65 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of 92 cents. Collecting that bid as the premium represents a 1.4% return against the $65 commitment, or a 7% annualized rate of return (at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost ). Selling a put does not give an investor access to WMT’s upside potential the way owning shares would, because the put seller only ends up owning shares in the scenario where the contract is exercised. So unless Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. sees its shares decline 6.9% and the contract is exercised (resulting in a cost basis of $64.08 per share before broker commissions, subtracting the 92 cents from $65), the only upside to the put seller is from collecting that premium for the 7% annualized rate of return. Worth considering, is that the annualized 7% figure actually exceeds the 2.9% annualized dividend paid by Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. by 4.1%, based on the current share price of $69.87. And yet, if an investor was to buy the stock at the going market price in order to collect the dividend, there is greater downside because the stock would have to lose 6.94% to reach the $65 strike price. Always important when discussing dividends is the fact that, in general, dividend amounts are not always predictable and tend to follow the ups and downs of profitability at each company. In the case of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., looking at the dividend history chart for WMT below can help in judging whether the most recent dividend is likely to continue, and in turn whether it is a reasonable expectation to expect a 2.9% annualized dividend yield. Turning to the other side of the option chain, we highlight one call contract of particular interest for the May expiration, for shareholders of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Symbol: WMT) looking to boost their income beyond the stock’s 2.9% annualized dividend yield. Selling the covered call at the $72.50 strike and collecting the premium based on the 94 cents bid, annualizes to an additional 6.6% rate of return against the current stock price (this is what we at Stock Options Channel refer to as the YieldBoost ), for a total of 9.6% annualized rate in the scenario where the stock is not called away. Any upside above $72.50 would be lost if the stock rises there and is called away, but WMT shares would have to climb 3.8% from current levels for that to happen, meaning that in the scenario where the stock is called, the shareholder has earned a 5.1% return from this trading level, in addition to any dividends collected before the stock was called. The chart below shows the trailing twelve month trading history for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., highlighting in green where the $65 strike is located relative to that history, and highlighting the $72.50 strike in red: The chart above, and the stock’s historical volatility, can be a helpful guide in combination with fundamental analysis to judge whether selling the May put or call options highlighted in this article deliver a rate of return that represents good reward for the risks. We calculate the trailing twelve month volatility for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (considering the last 251 trading day WMT historical stock prices using closing values, as well as today’s price of $69.87) to be 18%. Top YieldBoost WMT Calls » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, general, lose, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Interesting June Stock Options for XOM Next PostNext One Put, One Call Option To Know About for Home Depot Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
Today’s News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series EMV Day 1: The Experts Weigh In Inside Innovation Sizzle or Fizzle? TSYS Digital Journey Company Spotlight Topic TBD Digital Discussions Sign Up #PYMNTalks (PODCASTS) 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Events Live Shows MATCHMAKERS Report Store Pay-ology Videos Newsletter Signup Today’s News OPINION Karen Webster Data & Research INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows EVENTS Pay-ology Data Dive Data Dive: Walmart And Amex Get Tough; Bitcoin Rebounds By Jessica Barnett Posted on March 6, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email March has arrived, and though the national weather map today indicates that most of the nation is still in the “in like a lion” part of the weather pattern, the early signs of spring are showing. The daffodils are fighting to make it to the surface, the crocuses are up and in some places the grass is starting to even give early indications that it might turn green. And everywhere you look the competition is getting heating up, too. Walmart is trying to win on price — and taking its suppliers along with them (whether said suppliers want to go along for the ride or not) — Amex is fighting to keep its affluent cardholders satisfied and bitcoin’s price is bubbling up — as buyers strive to catch hold of it before it goes mainstream (maybe) with the Winklevoss ETF. Ready to dive in? Walmart Gets Tough On Pricing Though Walmart’s slogan is no longer “Always Low Prices,” it seems they’ve taken a renewed interest in getting their prices well below the competition — as the world’s largest retailer by sales has kicked off a price-comparison test in about 1,200 of its U.S. retail locations. The test ranges across 11 states located in the Midwest and South and is squarely aimed at finding and setting new price points for a range of products it sells under its grocery banners, which post roughly 56 percent of Walmart’s sales. Reportedly Walmart is attempting to closing its pricing gap with rival grocery peddlers (like Kroger) and discounters (like Aldi). And we wonder if that technology comes by way of Jet.com, which was known for its super-duper pricing algorithms. The move is widely expected to put pressure on packaged good suppliers. A meeting in Arkansas with food and consumer products vendors reportedly came with Walmart more or less demanding that suppliers reduce their prices by 15 percent, according to unnamed sources. And these are big firms Walmart is putting the pricing pain on — Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Conagra Brands, Kraft/Heinz and Johnson & Johnson were all part of the meeting. As of yet, none of the involved brands have any official comment to offer. The expectation — according to reports — is that suppliers are going to help Walmart win a head-to-head pricing match-up 80 percent of the time. Walmart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said the company is “not in a position to share our strategy for competitive reasons.” A pricing punch-out with Aldi and the other hordes of players in U.S. grocery sales could be costly for Walmart. According to Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst, the retailer could be looking at spending as much as $6 billion to regain market share from all of its grocery rivals. Vendors, however, have confirmed that Walmart has told them it intends to maintain margins on average and lose money on some goods as part of its pricing plan and that it will absorb some of the losses so suppliers can adjust to the new pricing demand. One supplier noted that his company’s products had declined in price by as much as 30 percent in some stores over the past few months. “It helped them figure out the sweet spot that drives traffic,” the person said. Walmart also said it wants vendors to make logistics improvements that would help vendors get $1 billion more in sales and that it would work harder on shipping orders in full and on-time, which would trim delivery costs, reduce re-orders and decrease out-of-stock problems. “Walmart is trying to go back to where they were 10 years ago when they were absolutely the low price leader,” a large packaged food supplier told Reuters on condition of anonymity. “We understand they are willing to give up profits to a large extent in some cases, so they can invest in their own brand.” But Walmart isn’t alone in the move to cut prices. Target (in the wake of a punishing earnings report) has announced that it will be throwing as much of $1 billion of its own money into lowering prices for consumers — as it works to drive traffic back to their stores. Amex Plays Rewards Hardball The Chase Sapphire Reserve Card, with its fancy metal instead of plastic body and extremely generous points offering for new sign-ups, got a lot of buzz and attention earlier this year. In fact, the card was made so popular by YouTube unboxing videos that the manufacturer ran out of the metallic stock from which the card was made. And Amex clearly has had enough of Chase turning their affluent customer’s heads — and is now doubling down on how to keep them happier. Happier — and away from its emerging competitors at Chase and Citibank. So the Amex Platinum card is getting a makeover. It will be made of metal and will be a lot more rewarding. New perks include $200 a year in Uber rides, richer credits for spending, access to more airport lounges, special dining and entertainment options, and free use by family members of an American Express Gold card. But as membership has its advantages, it also has its costs. As of Mar. 30, the annual fee for cardholders will increase to $550 a year from $450 a year. American Express’ platinum customers tend to represent superior profit margins and a greater proclivity for more card-based spending — hence the push from Chase and Citibank to snap up that desirable customer set. Amex noted it had been working on changes to the Platinum card long before JP Morgan Chase rolled out the Sapphire Reserve card. “This is a response to listening to our customers,” an Amex official noted. “We are always looking at ways to bring value to our card members.” That it waited to roll out these long-planned upgrades until right after Chase drastically scaled back the sign-on bonus for the Sapphire Reserve card? Probably just a coincidence. Speaking of coincidences, good luck and things logic has a hard time explaining — the price of bitcoin is up again. The Bitcoin Bubble Bounces Back As of the writing of this story, the price of bitcoin was up to $1278.43 — putting its market cap is well over $20 billion and worth more than the world’s former favorite alternative asset — gold (currently worth $1,237 an ounce). The pricing hullabaloo (technical term) comes care of a pending decision by the Securities and Exchange Commission as to whether or not a bitcoin exchange–traded fund is in the world’s future. Yes, bitcoin, the official currency of the digital wild west, is trying to come to the capital markets, and the price surge seems to be based on the notion that a bitcoin-based ETF may work to tone down some of bitcoin’s more unpredictable tendencies. Unless, of course, it does the exact opposite. More on that in a second. “If approved, this would certainly give a dramatic condoning of bitcoin by the authorities and powers that be,” digital currency analytics firm Cryptocompare CEO Charles Hayter told Reuters. “Perhaps key would be the institutional money which would flow into bitcoin. This would bring a certain amount of stability eventually, but it could see short-term exuberance by retail traders.” Not everyone is so optimistic. Some are worried, for instance, about security risks surrounding a bitcoin-based ETF since hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoin periodically go missing at the hands of hackers. (Remember Mt. Gox?) Others are pretty sure bitcoin just isn’t the right type of substance for an ETF. “Bitcoin is not a stock, it’s not a bond, it’s not a hard asset like precious metal, it’s not a commodity future. It’s a technology that’s very much in its infancy, and it’s not something that in my mind lends itself to being packaged as an ETF,” notes Ben Johnson, director of global ETF and passive strategies research at Morningstar Inc. Some are worried that it will just make bitcoin more prone to booms and busts that it already is. Bitcoin entrepreneur Vinny Lingham, for one, recently warned in a blog post that additional quick rises in bitcoin’s value will likely create another boom/bust cycle in the bitcoin ecosystem. A bubble that won’t hesitate to burst, if given the chance by, say, having the price peak over $3,000 too quickly. “Bitcoin is both scarce and valuable, which will lead to the price continuing to increase over time,” Lingham wrote. “But if that happens too quickly, we will enter another boom/bust cycle …. If it [bitcoin’s value] goes into the $3,000+ territory due to mania/short squeezes/media hype/FOMO and other triggers, then alarm bells will go off for me, and we’ll start approaching bubble territory.” The SEC has until Mar. 11 to decide the fate of the Winklevoss twins’ Bitcoin Trust, one of three proposed ETFs that could track the value of bitcoin. Whatever it decides will have little to do with bitcoin’s future as a global currency — as that fate has been decided a while ago (it’s dead). Sorry, Reddit fans. So what did we learn this week? Price talks. Rewards matter. Bitcoin doesn’t (much). Related Items:American Express, AmEx, bitcoin, Data Dive, featured article, Rewards, Target, walmart, Winklevoss Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Federal Reserve Warns On Digital Currency For Credit Cards, Cancelling The Need To Cancel Bitcoin Tracker: Blowing Bubbles Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Why Credit Unions Are Stealing The Banking Spotlight Anheuser-Bush’s Brazil Subsidiary Sees Decline in Q4 Beer Sales TRENDING RIGHT NOW 5.3K Retail Legal Cannabis Cuts Into Beer Revenue 4.0K Blockchain Blockchain Tracker: The Likelihood of Blockchain Technology Becoming Commercial 3.6K Mobile Bridging The Divide: How To Bring Consumers And Merchants Together On Mobile Payments 2.8K Payment Methods LendUp Closes $100M Credit Facility From Victory Park Capital 2.5K Security & Fraud Ransomware Hits Pennsylvania Senate Democrats 2.5K Security & Fraud Amazon Blames Incorrect Command For Outage Last Week 2.3K Retail Fitness Tech Startup Zenrez In $6M Series A 2.0K Security & Fraud Hacker Tracker: Cybercriminals Take The Phishing Path To Steal Money 2.0K B2B Payments Crossborder Compliance on Taxes, Without Taxing Effort 2.0K Innovation Facebook To Offer Suggestions For Local Events Via City Guides 1.9K News Password Security: An End of an Error. 1.9K Mobile What You Didn’t Know You Didn’t Know About Millennials 1.9K Retail Uber Applying For A Self-Driving Car Testing Permit In California 1.8K B2B Payments Ex-Infosys CFO Launches SME Lender 1.8K B2B Payments Banks And APIs: Tough Questions, New Answers What's next in payments and commerce Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2017 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Community Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Community Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Elizabethton Planning Department Former Magic Mart building had a bright past, may have a brighter future John Thompson • Mar 4, 2017 at 8:33 PM jthompson@johnsoncitypress.com ELIZABETHTON — Like many communities, Elizabethton has a large empty building that once housed a large retailer. Located on the western side of town, just off West Elk Avenue next to the Bemberg Shopping Center, a former Wal-Mart store stands empty and deteriorated today.  The building, which was built in 1988, has 100,348 square feet. It had a good past and may soon have a better future. It was once the main place to shop in Elizabethton. That changed when Wal-Mart built one of its SuperCenters just two blocks to the west. The building had a reprieve when Magic Mart located in the old building. After a few years, Magic Mart closed its operation in Elizabethton. The promise of a better future came this summer when Bemberg Center Partners of Nashville bought the building and surrounding 10.41 acres of land for $1,175,000.  A few months later, Big Lots agreed to locate a store in the building. Bemberg Partners are still working to get other retailers to locate in the building. One problem in getting other retailers is that the 30-year-old building is in need of renovations. Jon Hartman, director of planning and economic development for Elizabethton, said the developers are most concerned about improvements to the facade, including separate doors for each tenant. He said the work on the facade would be the most costly development. Some of the others include repaving the parking lot, which has not been paved since 2001.  Hartman said the building will be developed even if the city provides no incentives, but the property could become indoor storage rather than a large facility for retailers. He said revenues to the city would be much greater and more employment would be realized if the large building would be used to house retailers rather than as indoor storage. Hartman said the question was “how far can we go as a city to help the developer?” He said the incentives could work similarly to tax increment financing, in which the improvements to the building are not assessed for tax purposes for several years. The city and the county will always get the current property tax revenue for the building, but the higher assessment would not take effect for years to help the developer recoup his investment for the infrastructure improvements. Such an agreement has not been done for retail development in Elizabethton, but Hartman said neighboring towns have been more aggressive in using such methods to encourage development. “We need to look at what our neighboring cities are offering in incentives and we need to be willing to step up and show them what we have to offer,” Hartman said. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Don't Miss: 2017 Premier 100 Leaders: IT in the driver’s seat Android Upgrade Report Card Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to remotely control your Windows 10 computer via Google Chrome Review: vArmour flips security on its head Face-off: SAP vs. IBM for talent management Would killing Bitcoin end ransomware? More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Retail IT IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? The Zen of Retail Tech By Evan Schuman | Contributing Columnist star Influencer |Follow Opinion Whole Foods illustrates the challenge of late-stage CRM integration What happens when a $16 billion, 37-year-old chain wants to tackle CRM for the first time? Whole Foods is about to find out. Computerworld | Mar 6, 2017 3:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Whole Foods More like this Get to know the Premier 100 Class of 2017 Walmart's better tracking for recalled items is a wonderful first step The votes are in: Which mobile data provider is best? Video Smart Cities: New York At best, a properly integrated CRM program is complex, given the huge number of systems it touches, or at least should touch. But what happens when a $16 billion, 37-year-old chain wants to tackle CRM for the first time? Whole Foods is about to find out. Whole Foods is hardly the only Fortune 500 retailer to have resisted CRM and loyalty programs. The biggest example would be Walmart. But Walmart and Whole Foods have resisted CRM for radically different reasons. With Walmart, the reasons are price perception and price reality. The price reality is the incremental additional cost that CRM would add to operations, ultimately making it ever-so-slightly more difficult for Walmart to offer the lowest possible prices. But price perception is the bigger issue. If shoppers are told that loyalty cards bring lower prices, doesn't that signal that customers aren't already getting the lowest prices? Whole Foods' reason for resisting CRM is privacy perception. Whole Foods embraces customer service as a differentiator in full-service grocery, much as does Trader Joe's in limited grocery and Nordstrom in apparel. And Whole Foods execs worried that a program that so obviously tracks customers closely might be off-putting. But in 2017, with mobile tracking every shopper far more closely than any CRM system could, the concern may be moot. Put another way, if shoppers believe that privacy is already lost, they might at least get the discount. This gets us into the IT mud. When a 37-year-old retail chain wants to suddenly embrace a loyalty program, should it leverage all of its existing data — scattered among various systems, such as basket analysis and item purchase histories and scant web and mobile customer activity — to get things started — or should it start anew so that the data is far more consistent? Whole Foods is working with a vendor called Dunnhumby on category management, which will play a critical role in the chain’s CRM and loyalty efforts. According to David Ciancio, the company's senior customer strategist, "What is shifting is that data can be used in a benign way to create value for shoppers." What today's customers think, he said, is "I know you have my data. You better do something that is good for me." But first, there are the technology obstacles. "The real barriers are POS systems in general" and "the number of different POS systems within each retailer," Ciancio said. Whether those different point-of-sale systems are there because of acquisitions or because the company is slowly rolling out a new version — or a new POS system entirely — across the chain makes little difference. At any one point, most chains simply do not have one consistent POS version across every store. That POS integration touches heavily on terminal memory modules — "to handle the logic needed to activate a loyalty program" — plus integration of payment methods as well as mobile and web systems, Ciancio said. Within payments, there is the ever-present debate of whether it's wise to piggyback loyalty atop specific payment mechanisms. For example, if the chain already associates a specific Visa card number with a specific shopper, why insist on a separate loyalty identifier? The card value still needs to be hashed and secured (you don't want PCI-protected sensitive data to be sitting in CRM files within marketing), but isn't that simpler? The counter is that customers often have multiple payment cards (and they might use PayPal or some other alternative payment system online and with mobile) so you start to lose the consistent view of the customer by leveraging payments. Although it doesn't impact Whole Foods at this time, the issues get more complicated with chains that have pharmacy departments, which ensnares them in even more restrictive HIPAA rules. A shopping cart with three prescription refills, two boxes of tissues and some over-the-counter cold pills must omit any prescription details from the CRM files. As for what to start with, Ciancio simply suggests, "Start with what you've got. POS data alone, even without card IDs, is a really rich place to start." This gets into one of the better — and often overlooked — uses of CRM data: making strategic choices about which SKUs to renew. This might be a case where a particular product isn't selling well at all, but the people who are buying it are among your highest-revenue regular shoppers. Before you alienate some of your best customers, maybe it's better for a category manager to just leave that broccoli-flavored toothpaste on the shelf. Ciancio pointed also to associated purchases. He cited a small size of Frosted Flakes that may not move well, but it's a popular item with budget-conscious shoppers and it brings with it many other related purchases. Integrating CRM analysis can make those kinds of connections more obvious. When CRM programs don't work well, Ciancio said, "most fail because they are seen as just a marketing tool" and are not integrated into other store systems. There's actually a good reason to start anew and that is if management believes that its existing system data is flawed. For some, Ciancio said, "my data is good enough to make the decisions that I need to make" while others concede the opposite: "I know my data's a mess, and we can't do anything with it." This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Retail IT IT Management Evan Schuman has covered IT issues for a lot longer than he'll ever admit. The founding editor of retail technology site StorefrontBacktalk, he's been a columnist for CBSNews.com, RetailWeek, Computerworld and eWeek. Evan can be reached at eschuman@thecontentfirm.com and he can be followed at twitter.com/eschuman. Follow 7 Wi-Fi vulnerabilities beyond weak passwords You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper 5 Rings of Data Integration Hell White Paper A No-Tradeoff Path to Cloud Transformation Case Study Sponsored A Top-20 US Credit Union Puts Customers at the Center of Everything They Do Video/Webcast Sponsored Avaya Vision - Future of Customer Experience - Retail Digital Consumer White Paper Be Afraid of Your Shadow: What is 'Shadow IT' and How to Reduce It Go Top Stories IBM-Salesforce deal will bring Watson data into applications Watson and Einstein are teaming up, and IBM and Salesforce hope the pairing proves as smart as it... Amazon shows why you shouldn’t put all your tech eggs in one cloud basket On one really bad day, Amazon Web Services went haywire, and so did millions of users. Ford tests 3D printer that can manufacture car parts of any size and shape Ford said it is testing a new 3D printer capable of making car parts of unlimited size and shape, which... Preparing for the 15-year future The answers to the questions you ask yourself will determine the direction you take your organization. Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Alethea Capital Management LLC Invests $848,000 in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Alethea Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 12,264 shares of the retailer’s stock, valued at approximately $848,000. Wal-Mart Stores comprises 1.1% of Alethea Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 29th largest position. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of WMT. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 72,714,226 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $5,026,451,000 after buying an additional 2,011,829 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 41,912,723 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $3,022,746,000 after buying an additional 1,910,016 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,297,797 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,463,878,000 after buying an additional 348,391 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 19,932,903 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,437,561,000 after buying an additional 623,646 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 15,071,579 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,086,962,000 after buying an additional 179,166 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 70.03 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $68.43 and a 200-day moving average of $70.04. The firm has a market capitalization of $214.64 billion, a PE ratio of 15.99 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $62.72 and a 52 week high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.29 by $0.01. The firm earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.49 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.91%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio is presently 43.48%. “Alethea Capital Management LLC Invests $848,000 in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/alethea-capital-management-llc-invests-848000-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on WMT shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $71.00 target price for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $68.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada upped their target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores from $66.00 to $67.00 and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $74.60. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total value of $314,105,443.23. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $754,306,647.33. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 12,617,391 shares of company stock valued at $900,745,763. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Van ECK Associates Corp Sells 13,360 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Van ECK Associates Corp cut its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 10.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 110,229 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 13,360 shares during the period. Van ECK Associates Corp’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $7,619,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of WMT. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $104,000. BKS Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $110,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the period. Finally, TLP Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $128,000. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 70.03 on Monday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $62.72 and a 52 week high of $75.19. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $68.43 and its 200-day moving average is $70.04. The stock has a market capitalization of $214.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.99 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The company earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s quarterly revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.49 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.91%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is currently 43.48%. “Van ECK Associates Corp Sells 13,360 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/van-eck-associates-corp-sells-13360-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. WMT has been the subject of several recent research reports. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $82.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Sunday, November 13th. Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday, January 19th. They set a “hold” rating and a $70.00 target price for the company. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, November 19th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.60. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 12,617,391 shares of company stock valued at $900,745,763. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Acquires 11,612 Shares of Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Next » 8,143 Shares in McDonald's Co. (MCD) Acquired by Abbrea Capital LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Report: The Likelihood of a Tax Audit Reaches New Low 8 of the Richest Women in History 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 10 Best Savings Account Promotions Available Now How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Here’s How Often CD Rates Change Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News How to Choose the Best Bonds for Your Financial Plan Valuation Grows to $33 Billion as Snap Inc. Begins Trading on NYSE 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News How Your Retirement Age Impacts Your Social Security Benefits 20 Unsettling Things You Need to Know About Social Security 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference How to Avoid Overdraft Fees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 5 VIP Private Banking Services You Never Knew Existed How to Stop a Bank Levy 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The Top 10 Most Exclusive Black Cards You Don’t Know About How Credit Card Balance Transfers Work 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Best Deals and Freebies > The Best Spring Shopping Steals at Walmart, Target and More The Best Spring Shopping Steals at Walmart, Target and MoreFrom Kohl's to Walmart, here's where to find spring sales. By Cameron Huddleston | March 6, 2017 Read More With spring comes warmer weather, longer days and, for smart shoppers, seasonal sales. From Home Depot to Target and Walmart, you can find plenty of shopping steals this spring. Here's what to buy and where to shop for the best deals in March. Iakov Filimonov / Shutterstock.com Spring Fashion Spring ushers in savings across the board on apparel for men, women and children, said Slickdeals savings expert Regina Conway. "Merchants who offer great discounts are Puma, J.Crew Factory and The Children's Place, with savings up to 50 percent off," she said. You can save even more on spring fashion by taking advantage of discounted gift cards. You can find gift cards selling for less than face value on websites such as CardCash and Raise. Also, look for deals on sites such as eBay and Groupon, Conway said. The discounts will be deeper than usual in March because merchants are looking to drive traffic into stores at this time of year when there aren't holidays to bring in shoppers. Iakov Filimonov / Shutterstock.com Appliances Retailers mark down both small and large appliances in March, Conway said. Expect Macy's to have some of the best small appliance sales. "Historically, they've offered 10 kitchen appliance deals — including rice cookers, toaster ovens and a rocket blender," she said. Kohl's also marks down small appliances. Last year, it offered a blender for just $9, Conway said. Expect Sears to have sales on major appliances. Last year, it slashed the prices on its Kenmore gas range by 55 percent to $390, which makes for big savings, Conway said. Find: 5 Best and Worst Deals at Best Buy Dusan Petkovic / Shutterstock.com Cameras and Electronics You can save money this March with deals from major retailers like Best Buy, Target and Walmart. They will cut prices by at least 25 percent on cameras and other electronics in the spring as they try to clear inventory for new models that debuted at the Consumer Electronics Show in January, said Kerry Sherin, shopping and savings expert at Offers.com. "However, you can find even better deals at smaller online and brick-and-mortar stores like Samy's Camera," she said. "Last year, we saw discounts of up to 54 percent on DSLR camera bundles." Shoppers can also expect to see dollar-off discounts. Last year, for example, you could find camera bundles for $200 or $250 off, Sherin said. Cameras can make a great Mother's Day present, she said, "so if you're out shopping and see a great deal, buy a camera to surprise your mom or mother of your children." Retailers such as Dell will also deeply discount electronics in the spring to move last year's inventory. "If you've been wanting a new TV and missed out on Super Bowl sales, this could be a great time for you to get a 2016 model television at one of the lowest prices you'll see all year," Sherin said. Expect discounts of 30 percent to 40 percent. Vladyslav Starozhylov / Shutterstock.com Fitness and Sports Gear Retailers mark down fitness and sports gear in mid-March and early April to capitalize on consumers who want to get outside and get active, said Brent Shelton, online shopping expert for FatWallet. Expect to save 20 percent to 40 percent on name-brand active wear and up to 50 percent on select athletic shoes, with deeper discounts on any remaining clearance items from last year, he said. Shoppers also will find deals on gear for sports such as golf, soccer and tennis. "For active apparel and shoes, Nike, Under Armour, Adidas, Puma and Converse lead the way — along with sporting goods stores like Finish Line, Foot Locker and Eastbay," Shelton said. If you're on a tighter budget, look to big box retailers like Dick's Sporting Goods. Target has great deals in the spring, too. If you're looking for wearable fitness devices, expect discounts of at least 2 percent to 30 percent on last year's Fitbits, Samsung Gear and Apple Watches, Shelton said. "Add deeper discounts of 50 percent off or more on outdoor Bluetooth speakers, headphones and earbuds," he said. michaeljung / Shutterstock.com Lawn and Garden Items Homeowners looking to spruce up their yards will find lawn and garden items marked down during big sales events from late March through April, Shelton said. Stores such as Home Depot, Lowe's, Kmart, Sears and Walmart will offer the widest selection. "But shoppers will want to check their local private stores and nurseries that carry these items, as they'll offer competitive pricing that coincides with the heavy advertising from the major retailers," Shelton said. Look for discounts of 10 to 30 percent on yard and garden prep items such as grass seed, fertilizers, insecticides, plants, bulbs, shrubs and trees. "Similar discounting will surface on typical lawn and garden tools and equipment, as well as power washers and deck and exterior house cleaning products," Shelton said. "To add additional savings to your lawn and garden purchases, many spring sale items may be featured with a mail-in-rebate," he added. Or you can sign up to receive email alerts from retailers such as Home Depot and Lowe's and get one-time use coupons from them. Related: 9 Sites for the Best Online Coupons Poprotskiy Alexey / Shutterstock.com Outdoor Gear Outdoor enthusiasts will find gear and apparel on sale in March and April — and on clearance during Memorial Day sales, Shelton said. "Outdoor sports stores such as REI, Patagonia, Backcountry, Bass Pro Shop, Dick's Sporting Goods and Cabela's all have multiple spring events featuring discount pricing on the newest hiking, climbing, fishing and camping apparel," he said. Look for discounts of 10 percent to 30 percent. Shelton also expects outdoor retailer Moosejaw to have a noteworthy spring sale, given that it was recently acquired by Walmart. No matter where you shop, make sure your outdoor gear comes with lifetime warranties from trusted brands. Sergey Ryzhov / Shutterstock.com Spring Cleaning Supplies Get your spring cleaning on while keeping down costs by taking advantage of spring sales on cleaning equipment, supplies and home organization items. "You'll be able to find deals on these items nearly everywhere, all the way from our neighborhood grocer to the online Dyson store," Sherin said. "Check out stores like Macy's and Kohl's to take advantage of some of the best deals." Also look for price cuts on cleaning supplies at big-box retailers. "Shoppers can find modest discounts from 10 percent to 20 percent off general name-brand cleaning supplies that can be stacked with coupons for additional savings," said Shelton. Look for price cuts on vacuum cleaners and Shop-Vacs, "with up to 50 percent off select models," he said. You might also find buy-one-get-one-free deals. If you want a Dyson vacuum, look for sales at Walmart — which had deals last year, Conway said. "New vacuum models debut in June, so look for strong offers continuing through April," she said. Golubovy / Shutterstock.com Tools Late spring is a good time to find deals on hand tools and power tools. Sales will start in April but more markdowns will appear in May. "Retailers know that tools are a popular gift to give dad and use Memorial Day sales to start the big push," Sherin said. "Sears, Home Depot and Lowe's will all have sales that last through Memorial Day and into June to capitalize on Father's Day gift giving." Shoppers can expect discounts of 40 percent on average. However, some items will be marked down by as much as 70 percent, Sherin said. Up Next: 8 Ways to Stretch a Dollar This March x Open a New Account Check Out the Next Article 8 of the Richest Women in History Celebrate International Women’s Day by learning about eight of the richest women in history. Related Articles 24 Best Deals at Walmart 10 Best and Worst Deals at Walmart 10 Features That Make Amazon Prime Worth the Money Tricks to Curb Your Online Shopping Addiction People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Authorities looking for group accused of stealing nearly $3K in baby formula Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1788248" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Group accused of targeting Walmart and stealing baby formula. (KTRK) KTRK Monday, March 06, 2017 11:04PM BAYTOWN, TX (KTRK) -- Baytown police is asking for the public's help in catching a group of criminals who stole nearly $3,000 worth of baby formula from Walmart. According to investigators, the men acted as lookouts while the women filled strollers, baby carriers and diaper bags with the baby formula. The group left the store without paying. Investigators believe they are selling the formula on the black market. Anyone with information is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at (281)427-TIPS. Related Topics: newstheftwalmartBaytown Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS House Republicans unveil Obamacare replacement plan US setting up missile defense system in South Korea Exxon announces expansion program, Trump takes credit Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep funding if it cuts abortions New satellite imaging allows unprecedented tracking of lightning strikes More News Top Stories Man accused of holding woman captive for sex assault Bracelet found during BBQ cook-off has special meaning Former on-air personality impacting young women New details in dramatic high-speed police chase Angry customer causes ruckus inside Whataburger Woman killed in hit-and-run accident after BBQ cook-off Limo hauling a boat? Yep, a sight you'll only see in Texas Show More Teen accused of decapitating mother Heights woman disappeared after fight over her house Aaron Watson gives free concert to HPD officers White House lifts parts of ExxonMobil press release Cody Johnson named new performer for Rodeo Houston More News Top Video Changing trends in engagement rings Former on-air personality impacting young women Man proposes in the hospital after car accident Angry customer causes ruckus inside Whataburger More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
skip to main content Your State, Your Stories Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Arts & Culture Opinion Auto Business Economy Education Environment & Science Families & Community Health Investigative Law Politics & Government Offbeat Sports Transportation Weather Programs & Specials On-Air Schedule Stateside State of Opportunity Detroit Journalism Cooperative The Environment Report Jack Lessenberry It's Just Politics Michigan Watch MI Curious The Next Idea That's What They Say Bringing Up Detroit John U. Bacon Series & Documentaries All On-Air Programs Stateside Podcasts Connect About Michigan Radio Contact us by phone or email View our schedule Meet our staff Newsletters and daily emails Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram iPhone or Android apps iTunes Radio Shop Job postings Enter contests Get station freebies Online Streaming Help Events Community Calendar Issues & Ale Support Give Now Corporate Sponsorship Contact Support How you can support Michigan Radio Become a Sustaining Member Have Your Gift Matched Grant Support Vehicle Donation Program Support FAQ Producers Circle Search WUOMFM WUOMFM Menu Home News Arts & Culture Opinion Auto Business Economy Education Environment & Science Families & Community Health Investigative Law Politics & Government Offbeat Sports Transportation Weather Programs & Specials On-Air Schedule Stateside State of Opportunity Detroit Journalism Cooperative The Environment Report Jack Lessenberry It's Just Politics Michigan Watch MI Curious The Next Idea That's What They Say Bringing Up Detroit John U. Bacon Series & Documentaries All On-Air Programs Stateside Podcasts Connect About Michigan Radio Contact us by phone or email View our schedule Meet our staff Newsletters and daily emails Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram iPhone or Android apps iTunes Radio Shop Job postings Enter contests Get station freebies Online Streaming Help Events Community Calendar Issues & Ale Support Give Now Corporate Sponsorship Contact Support How you can support Michigan Radio Become a Sustaining Member Have Your Gift Matched Grant Support Vehicle Donation Program Support FAQ Producers Circle Search Related Programs:  The Next Idea Stateside Employment for all Americans is ideal. Protectionist trade policies are not the way to do it. By Jeff DeGraff • 9 hours ago Related Programs:  The Next Idea Stateside TweetShareGoogle+Email The Next Idea You may have missed it, but last summer Walmart got into some hot water with the Federal Trade Commission for its"Made in the U.S.A.” campaign. According the FTC, for a company to make that claim, all of a product’s components must be manufactured and assembled in the United States. Our nation’s new president has made it clear he wants manufacturing jobs to stay in the U.S. and he wants our trade policies to put America first. But what would that actually look like? Credit Gage Skidmore / FLICKR - HTTP://J.MP/1SPGCL0 In a globally integrated supply chain, how do you determine if something is “made” in a country? For starters, over half the world’s steel production is in China. The U.S. produces less than 5%. So chances are, anything made with steel, the major component in heavy manufacturing, already fails the “Made in the U.S.A.” test. To get around this, many companies now use the term “sourced” to mean products made, assembled or grown in the USA. This is a clever marketing ploy because it tells us very little about where the jobs are being created, the real reason we value “Made in the U.S.A.” That brings us to the impending shift in U.S. policy better known as “America First.” When we talk about global trade, countries with well-documented protectionist practices like China, Russia and Japan come to mind. However, according to Global Trade Alert, an independent branch of the Centre for Economic Policy Research that monitors policies that affect world trade, the country with by far the most restrictive tariff and non-tariff barriers is the United States. In other words, American has been first for decades. China is the world’s second largest economy. Its rise has largely been due to the massive low-wage workforce that produces about 10% of all manufactured goods in the world. This has made it a cornerstone of the global supply chain. The U.S. now only produces about 5% of the all the vehicles in the world. According the American-Made Index, the number of cars built with 75% domestic parts from the U.S. and Canada has plummeted to only seven in 2015. This makes it highly impractical, if not impossible, to extricate U.S. manufacturing from other countries and trading blocs. This takes us to the heart of the matter. To bring manufacturing jobs back to America would likely require one of three scenarios: We pay significantly higher prices for the same goods we now buy. This would most adversely affect the poorest among us, such as those on fixed incomes. And the automotive industry, a key employer in our state, would be one of the hardest-hit. We coerce our workforce to work for wages comparable to those in developing countries. This approach increases the number of working poor in America. We automate and eliminate these jobs. Where plants once had hundreds of workers, there are now only a handful of highly skilled robotics operators. Yes, we would like to find employment and advancement opportunities for all Americans. But, ironically, these proposed protectionist trade policies will leave us isolated from the high-growth markets and opportunities required to actually put America first. Let’s stay in the global markets we have established over the past century and double down on our innovation capabilities. Doing it that way, we could lead world into the 21st century and put America first the American way.  Jeff DeGraff is a clinical professor of business administration at the University of Michigan Ross School of Business. Listen Listening... / 4:26 Jeff DeGraff's essay on Stateside. The Next Idea is Michigan Radio’s project devoted to new innovations and ideas that will change our state.   Join the conversation on Twitter or Facebook, or let us know your Next Idea here.   (Subscribe to The Next Idea podcast on iTunes, or with this RSS link.)   Tags:  The Next Idea Made in the U.S.A. Donald Trump trade TweetShareGoogle+Email © 2017 Michigan Radio About Us Contact Us Public Documents Jobs Help with Streaming Contest Rules Events Privacy & Terms of Use
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes Vote Live 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings WSOC-TV Weather Apps Closings Instructions 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 12388921 Family Focus Black Heritage 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More Two robberies in minutes could be by same eyeglass-wearing gunman, police say by: Greg Suskin Updated: Mar 6, 2017 - 5:18 PM Twtter ROCK HILL, S.C. - Rock Hill police are investigating two violent crimes within 15 minutes of one another that they believe are linked. The first incident was reported around 9:15 p.m. Saturday at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Cherry Road. A woman told police that a man ran up to her with a silver pistol, pointed it at her and demanded money in the gas station booth. When he realized that the door was locked, the victim ran and the robber ran the other way, toward a car with its lights on, police said. Debra Aaron once worked at a laundromat where she was robbed a few years ago. "He grabbed the money out of my hand, and he had a knife. It's very scary," Aaron said. She feels bad for an employee of any business who has to go through that. "I think anyone who's ever been robbed is scared to death," she said. Rock Hill police believe that the same man was across town on Heckle Boulevard 13 minutes after the Walmart incident, ripped the cash register off the counter at Marco's Pizza and ran. Police said it-would have been an armed robbery if anyone had been at the counter at the time. Instead, restaurant employees were cleaning up in the back, and only saw the man grab the register and leave. The robber in both incidents was described as a black man wearing all gray, a hoodie and glasses. They believe that it's the same man. Capt. Mark Bollinger said he's clearly dangerous. "This guy's pretty desperate. (It seemed) that he really needed some money for whatever reason," he said. Detectives were waiting late Monday for surveillance video from the Walmart gas station and Marco's Pizza. Walmart has security cameras on all sides of the gas station. Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com: Hit-and-run crash leaves woman in critical condition; driver arrested Charlotte high school senior in custody of immigration officials Franklin Graham joins fight against ‘Beauty and the Beast,' calls for boycott Registered sex offender charged with infant's murder in Boone Officer punched in face after 2 people shot in east Charlotte © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Two robberies in minutes could be by same eyeglass-wearing gunman, police say Gaston County woman accepts plea deal for deaths of 3 during group sex Authorities accuse NC teen of decapitating his mother at home Lanes reopen after tractor-trailer crash shuts down I-77 in Rock Hill New travel ban eases some legal questions but not all News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Virtual Assistants, Voice Technology: Winners And Losers Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 06, 2017 3:51pm   Comments Share: Related AAPL Market Share Isn't Everything; Samsung's Mobile Biz Revenue Is Half Of Apple's Rewriting The Script: Simulation Games Take Inspiration From Art, Social Issues Skyworks Solutions Gets Price Target Hike On Smartphone Content Growth (Investor's Business Daily) Related AMZN How Wal-Mart Can Beat Amazon: Copy What Amazon Does Best TD Ameritrade's Investor Movement Index (IMX) For February 2017 Wal-Mart Vs. Target: Which Is The Better Investment? (Seeking Alpha) Following an expert call with Brian Roemmele, an expert and visionary in voice-internet and digital payments, Baird picked the potential winners and losers among companies operating in the voice technology space. The Winners Presenting Roemmele's view, analyst Colin Sebastian said Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) may be in the best position to benefit long term from the voice-first transition, with the former in pole position. The expert feels Amazon could leverage Echo devices to accelerate the pace of Prime growth/order velocity even further. Also In The Reckoning The firm believes Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) and SAMSUNG ELECTRONIC KRW5000 (OTC: SSNLF) could be winners if these companies adopt voice-first orientations more rapidly. Payment companies such as Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: PYPL), chip and hardware companies leveraged to voice devices ad transactions also stand to benefit, Baird said. On the contrary, the firm said losers will be those companies that do not adapt quickly to voice, including some of the vertical apps that depend on touch-screens. Baird noted that the call shed details on the opportunities and challenges posed by emerging voice technologies, including Amazon's Echo/Alexa, Apple's Siri and Google's Home/Assistant and upcoming Samsung/Viv rollout. AI/Machine Learning To Power Intelligent Assistants Roemmele was quoted as saying the availability of voice services today are rudimentary and do not demonstrate the opportunities for more contextual interactions. The expert believes intelligent assistants of the future will benefit from AI/machine learning that combine mountains of data with user history to offer personalized two-sided conversations. Text/Touch Business Models On The Backfoot However, the expert call also brought up meaningful threats in a post-app world to existing e-commerce and advertising business models that rely on text/touch mechanisms of interaction such as Google PPC/search ads, local reviews. Baird differed slightly with the expert view that e-commerce/transactions will likely replace search ads as the most lucrative form of platform monetization. Instead, the firm sees opportunity for more creative ad formats with voice interaction. The firm believes there may be even larger opportunities for companies that can provide the "abstraction layer" that connects users with the information/products/transactions delivered via intelligent assistants. Ratings Amazon — Outperform. Apple — Outperform. Alphabet — Outperform. Paypal — Outperform. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) — Outperform. Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) — Outperform. Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) — Neutral. Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP) — Neutral. Related Links: Apple Vs. Amazon Vs. Google: Digital Assistants Square Off At CES From CES To The Auto Show: Digital Assistants Making News In 2017, But How Can Siri And Alexa Be Improved Upon? Image Credit: By brewbooks from near Seattle, USA - Amazon Echo unpacked, CC BY-SA 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Citigroup Maintains Buy Mar 2017 BTIG Research Maintains Buy Buy Jan 2017 Barclays Downgrades Overweight Equal-Weight View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color News Topics Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) Market Share Isn't Everything; Samsung's Mobile Biz Revenue Is Half Of Apple's How Wal-Mart Can Beat Amazon: Copy What Amazon Does Best Rewriting The Script: Simulation Games Take Inspiration From Art, Social Issues TD Ameritrade's Investor Movement Index (IMX) For February 2017 10 Biggest Price Target Changes For Monday Apple Momentum Will Continue; BlueFin Raises New Model Estimates View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 PDLI, CS: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DB, THO: Keep an Eye on These 5 Stocks for March 6, 2017 3 TWTR, SNAP: Snap Says It May Never Become Profitable; Here's W... 4 PLOW, PRTS: Earnings Scheduled For March 6, 2017 5 SNY, IEP: Icahn's (Potential) Move Into Biotech 6 AA, HPQ: Benzinga's Top Upgrades,... 7 MSG, TRCO: Barron's Picks A... 1 Jacob Wohl, The Teenage-Hedge Fund Manager, Has Been Ordered To Cease And Desist 2 DKS: Dick's Sporting Goods Poised For Market Share Gains As Q4 Report Looms 3 SAF Platform Automates Alternative Investment Processes 4 AAPL: Market Share Isn't Everything; Samsung's Mobile Biz Revenue Is... 5 SPU: Joining Aligo Integrity Alliance Sent SkyPeople Fruit Juice Shares Up 20% 6 AMD: Breaking Down AMD's Technical Levels 7 SNAP, GOOGL: Is Snap A 'Lottery-Like' Stock? View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products The Bearish First Wave Of Ratings, Price Targets For Snap Post-IPO
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Chicopee police charge Bronx pair with passing fake $100 bills 36 fake fake.jpg Chicopee police recovered $6,000 in fake $100 bills on Saturday at the Walmart on Memorial Drive. Arrested on counterfeiting charges was Shawn Johnson of the Bronx. (Chicopee police photos ) Print Email Patrick Johnson | pjohnson@repub.com By Patrick Johnson | pjohnson@repub.com The Republican Follow on Twitter on March 06, 2017 at 2:56 PM, updated March 06, 2017 at 2:58 PM comments CHICOPEE - Two New York City residents are facing counterfeiting charges after police found them on Saturday in a vehicle in the Walmart parking with $1,000 worth of ill-gotten merchandise and $6,000 in counterfeit $100 bills, police said. Chicopee police spokesman Mike Wilk said the man, identified as Shawn Johnson, is charged with possession of counterfeit notes, uttering, or passing, counterfeit notes and larceny of more than $250 by a single scheme. A juvenile who was with Johnson was arrested on the same charges. Her name was not disclosed due to her age, but she is also from the Bronx. Wilk said officers Yamil Montanez and Dave River went to the Walmart on Memorial Drive Saturday as a follow up on a past larceny involving fake money. While there, store security pointed them toward two suspects who were in the parking lot. The two officers and detective Brian LePage stopped Johnson and the juvenile in the parking lot. They were identified as having made roughly $1,000 in purchases with counterfeit money in Walmart and the nearby Home Depot, Wilk said. When officers searched their vehicle, they found $6,000 in fake bills, he said Chicopee police are now working with the U.S. Secret Service, which investigates counterfeiting cases for the Department of Treasury. Johnson was held at the Hampden County Correctional Center in Ludlow over the weekend. He was expected to be arraigned Monday in Chicopee District Court. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Former Conn. elementary school principal charged with 'upskirting' young girls at Hartford Walmart Print Email Patrick Johnson | pjohnson@repub.com By Patrick Johnson | pjohnson@repub.com The Republican Follow on Twitter on March 06, 2017 at 2:02 PM, updated March 06, 2017 at 2:03 PM comments HARTFORD - A former elementary principal accused of upskirting young girls in a Walmart surrendered himself to police Monday morning after police obtained a warrant for his arrest on voyeurism charges. John Bean, 48, of East Hartford, is charged with four counts each of voyeurism and risk of injury to a minor, according to Connecticut State Police. John Bean Connecticut State Police  He surrendered to detectives with the state police Computer Crimes Unit in Hartford on Monday. He was being held on $175,000 bond pending his arraignment in Hartford Superior Court. The charges stem from an investigation that began in September when Hartford police were called to a Walmart when store security spotted a strange man following young girls and secretly recording them with his phone. Police at the time found Bean in the store acting suspiciously. When confronted by police, he denied he had done anything wrong, and refused a request by officers to unlock his phone, according to reports. The phone was confiscated by police and examined by officials with the federal Department of Homeland Security, and several videos were found of young girls in public places within the store. A further investigation by state police determined that four of the videos contained "upskirt footage" of children, and that Bean was responsible for the footage. Upskirting is a term for using the video camera on a phone to record footage up someone's skirt without permission. It has been a felony offense in Connecticut since 2015. The Hartford Courant reports that Bean at the time of his arrest was principal for the Highcrest Elementary School in Wethersfield. He has since resigned. He previously taught at Tolland and South Windsor and was a one-time teacher of the year in 2004. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's inauguration - the OFFICIAL photos: The National Park Service releases dozens of photographs... so was Donald right to accuse the media of making his crowd seem smaller?  'Obamacare GONE': Republicans publish their plan to repeal The Affordable Care Act and replace it with tax credits - setting up an epic clash with Democrats Exposed, the truth behind the great health myths: From the five-a-day rule to eating oily fish once a week, experts reveal the common mantras that were completely made up Furious passengers dub the TSA's new 'invasive' pat-downs 'legalized groping' as it's revealed agents caught 79 people trying to get guns through security in one week Casey Anthony speaks out: America's most hated mom wistfully imagines how her murdered daughter Caylee would be a 'badass' if she were alive, says she 'sleeps pretty good at night' and calls herself 'one of the unfortunate idiots who lied'  Missing Richard Simmons is NOT being held hostage by his housekeeper, claims publicist as podcast takes US by storm Should mothers-to-be REALLY avoid fruit and veg? Claims pesticides could harm their baby's brain  'This is it. I've got to kill you now': Court hears what MMA fighter War Machine told his porn star ex-girlfriend as he beat her for TWO HOURS 'Diana was the only woman he told': Former Royal butler Paul Burrell reveals he is gay and announces he is to MARRY his lawyer boyfriend just nine months after divorcing his wife of 32 years Judge issues warrant for Azealia Banks's ARREST after she failed to turn up in court for 'biting female nightclub bouncer's breast' North Korea is 'training for an attack on US bases in Japan': Kim Jong Un is pictured applauding missile launch as Trump warns him of 'dire consequences' and sends anti-missile system to the South FBI Director James Comey is 'incredulous' over Trump's claim that Obama ordered a wiretap of his phones during the campaign Trump's Oval Office eruption was aimed at his LAWYER - not advisers Bannon and Priebus - as the president blew up over handling of attorney general's Russia recusal Now Trump wants Congress to investigate the 'pervasive' leaking of classified information that's plagued his administration 'The president, just for a moment forgot that he was president': Ex-CIA boss Hayden tries to explain Trump phonetapping tweet frenzy  JOBS, JOBS, JOBS: Trump gushes about Exxon on Twitter after oil giant announces investment plan in the Gulf FBI in the crosshairs: Now Comey is ordered by Senate committee chair to come clean on plans to pay the ex-British spy who wrote the dirty dossier  Trump signs new travel ban executive order that no longer targets Iraq and exempts green card holders - but it won't take effect for 10 days Trump offers Planned Parenthood way out of being defunded telling it: Stop abortions and you will keep federal cash  Outrage as Ben Carson calls slaves 'immigrants' who came to America with a 'dream' in his first speech as HUD secretary Support for Trump grows after address to Congress according to polls - but could this weekend's troubles spell catastrophe?  American citizen Khizr Khan is forced to cancel scheduled speech in Toronto after reportedly being warned his 'travel privileges are being reviewed' On pointe! Chelsea Clinton revisits her glory days as a ballerina while attending annual ballet ball with husband in New York City Mika unhinged: Morning Joe co-host says 'I don't know how anybody can defend this president!' as she predicts 'endgame' for Trump Previous Next Hunt for Walmart shopper who attacked store employees with a chemical that made them sick  An unidentified woman entered Walmart in Fountain, Colorado on Friday  The woman paid for her items before spraying staff with an noxious liquid Seven members of staff suffered skin irritation and nausea after the attack  Police have released a CCTV grab of the woman who is described as 'heavy-set'  By Darren Boyle for MailOnline Published: 12:35 EST, 6 March 2017 | Updated: 12:54 EST, 6 March 2017 e-mail 15 shares 30 View comments Police in Colorado are hunting a middle-aged woman attacked checkout staff at a Walmart store with a noxious chemical. The woman attacked the staff in Fountain at approximately 10pm according to local police.  Officers said the woman, who is described as heavy-set and white, took out a canister from her handbag and sprayed some form of chemical on the clerk and six other employees.  Police in Fountain, Colorado are seeking this woman in connection with an attack on seven members of staff at the town's Walmart supermarket after they complained they had been sprayed with a noxious liquid which caused skin irritation and nausea on Friday night According to the police, the victims complained of 'skin irritation and nausea' after being sprayed with the liquid.  Fountain police department posted an alert on their Facebook page.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Fireman falls to his death after he climbs onto hacked... Employee who was fired for drinking at work is caught on... Share this article Share According to the release: 'Officers learned that a heavy-set white female was in one of the checkout lanes, purchased items and prior to leaving she pulled a small spray bottle out of her purse.  'The female suspect then sprayed the clerk with an unknown liquid substance in the spray bottle and the suspect also began spraying herself. The suspect then sprays an empty cart, then herself again before placing the spray bottle back in her purse.  Police said the woman took the spray from her purse after paying for her shopping (file photo) 'The unknown female then left the store. Some of the employees were transported to an area hospital for further evaluation. Hazmat did responded and a standard decontamination procedure was followed.'  Police said the woman is of heavy build, between 40 and 50 and between 5ft 4in and 5ft 7in with light brown or blonde hair. Anyone with information on the woman is asked to contact Fountain Police Department on 719-382-4244. Read more: Update Your Browser | Facebook Share or comment on this article e-mail 15 shares Most watched News videos Leopards attack giant Rock Python in Kruger National Park The Walking Dead: New strain of spice turns homeless into zombies Woman stops car to beat passenger senseless on the road Louis Tomlinson challenges photographer before taking out fan Shocking video shows moment teenager is stabbed in South Norwood Droning on!: Neighbour tries to shoot down spying drone Violent brawl breaks out after man is savagely headbutted to floor Shocking video shows why Coke Zero really is better for you The Manly ferry tackles huge swells over the weekend Dash cam captures close drive-By shooting in Kansas Avalanche crashes down mountain at Russian ski resort Clever dog says 'I love you' to its owner to get treat PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven’t done yourself... Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000... Woman driver, 22, dragged another mother from her BMW... Tragedy of woman who woke from a coma to discover she... 'Diana was the only woman he told': Former Royal butler... Deckhand captures stunning images of monster waves... Epic death match between a giant python and a leopard... Madeleine McCann's parents 'are set to sue' Karen Danczuk... CCTV shows the moment a British backpacker, 22, who was... Newborn baby was battered to death by her drug addict... British backpacker, 22, 'raped and abused' for TWO MONTHS... The 'third gender' Hijras forced to sell themselves in... Boy, 10, and his 4-year-old sister start coughing up... Trump's inauguration - the OFFICIAL photos: The National... Worldwide hunt for 'conwoman' who used fake dating... 'Off-grid' parents whose toddler weed on This Morning... 'My cousin is missing': Carole Radziwill opens up about... Yves Saint Laurent is accused of 'degrading' models and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 30 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles Together since 2011 Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Ocean's Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Left very little to the imagination Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in $26K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere 'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap What would it take for you to marry a celeb? From backstage passes to a Beverley Hills zip code, LA locals reveal their conditions SPONSORED 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' 'Story of my life': Rachel Lindsay departs The Bachelor as Nick Viall narrows field after Fantasy Suite visits He enjoyed passionate nights with them Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Went bare-legged in nude pumps 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Exaggerated curves 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Smoldering photo of herself modeling Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Strutting her stuff on social media Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale Romantic walk together The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Dressed the same Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Seems to have confirmed a romance Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist Hard at work 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' New web series PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out Queen of the wild! Kylie Jenner gets back to nature for latest racy swimsuit photo shoot Wowed in a series of sultry and scenic nature-inspired shots The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Spotted giving off Disney princess vibes FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl...as a villain Exciting news for fans A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Sdventurously baggy trousers On pointe! Chelsea Clinton revisits her glory days as a ballerina while attending annual ballet ball with husband in New York City Turned up hand-in-hand 'I still have moments where I go, what was I thinking': As Kylie Minogue says her style has become 'refined' FEMAIL revisits her most memorable looks The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Didn't all go to plan  Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC The actress showed her slim physique Back on the trail to health! Rob Kardashian shares a snap from heart pumping hike...amid claims he is 'very unhealthy' since Blac Chyna split Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Went bare-legged  Carole Radziwill opens up about alerting authorities that John F. Kennedy Jr and Carolyn Bessette were missing after their plane vanished  EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere On the red carpet Adele wears glittering designer gown which has 10,000 Swarovski crystals as it's revealed as the ONLY dress for her entire Australian concert tour Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba 29-year-old star's bachelorette celebration Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan She's known for her quirky style Legging it! Demi Lovato shows off her 'thick thighs' yet again in tight yoga pants after sweaty session at gym Started her day with a three-hour session Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Shared sultry photos from her latest comedy Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth That's one expensive #BEACHelorette! Julianne Hough's exclusive 12-bed bachelorette pad cost $7k a night Located in Mexico Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness Missing Richard Simmons is NOT being held hostage by his housekeeper, claims publicist as podcast takes US by storm Refuted the claims 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release They are reportedly called Stella and Esther The Bachelor's Vanessa Grimaldi visits a bridal shop... immediately sparking speculation she's Nick Viall's pick Three contestants left Michelle Dockery stuns in monochrome jumpsuit at New York screening of The Sense Of An Ending Showed off her svelte figure and tiny waist 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Comes after Scheana split from her husband Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith Handsome actor donned sporty garb Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognizable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22, was involved in the bust-up Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' 31-year-old High School Musical star Comedian Patton Oswalt's daughter Alice captures the hearts of thousands online by using emoji to pen a VERY bold message to President Trump Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Hollywood heavyweights will collaborate Bill Paxton died 11 days after undergoing ANEURYSM surgery, death certificate reveals Complications from a valve replacement triggered a stroke  Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Barely recognizable beneath his beard, shades and cap Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It Two-time Emmy-winning Two And A Half Men star 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy bodysuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses While out for breakfast in West Hollywood on Monday 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set Impressive and stellar line up for Ocean's Eight 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Tropical sunshine Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA RHOM star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he prepares to play Disney's first gay character Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen Paris Fashion Week Show... before going to catch Rihanna's new collection  'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Contestants are still a mystery Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Revealed as the stars in a remake - with a twist She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Girlfriend of two years Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favors this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself She's raised eyebrows 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso 'I wish I had trusted my instincts': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' about the failed relationship Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital EXCLUSIVE: Trainer  Gunnar Peterson - the man behind Khloe Kardashian's incredible weight loss - was arrested for picking up a prostitute  Braless Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes underboob in super cropped jumper at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Boston native David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Single mommy? Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumors romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction... six months after they split  Queen's grandson Peter Phillips' firm received $917,000 for organizing her 90th birthday party - more than TWICE the amount it raised for charity Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto, who is 20 years his junior, flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Pair looked loved up Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Featured ten buckles  Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection - as she asks the designer to 'dress her' Diana's former butler Paul Burrell reveals he is gay and announces he is to MARRY his lawyer boyfriend just nine months after getting divorced from his wife 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross during her father's wiretapping scandal  Stony-faced Ivanka is driven out of her D.C. home as Jared sets off for another day at the White House after spending the weekend in Mar-a-Lago  Janelle Monáe tweets the words 'Menstrual Period Blood' in honor of Women's History Month - and quickly takes down everyone who calls her 'gross' and 'disgusting'  Astonishing footage shows 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling a photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining her new track Green Light sounds too much like her popstar pal's music They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Kenneth Lonergan SLAMS editor of college paper while defending Casey Affleck against sexual harassment allegations after student publishes 'slander' He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Australia show 'I want people to be seen. I want them to feel less alone': Oscar winner Viola Davis makes touching speech about what drives her as an actress From Australian soap operas to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic  Let's be blunt: As celebrities from Kerry Washington to Nina Dobrev go short, pro hairstylists reveal why the bob is spring's must-have haircut 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start Was with her besties  Emily Mortimer and Ben Whishaw appear as adult versions of characters Jane and Michael as new version of Mary Poppins continues filming How TLC hid sex pest Josh Duggar with a fake SUN glare in new episodes featuring Jinger's wedding special to keep him out of the series From flame red and pale pink to bright green, FEMAIL reveals how stylish stars like Kendall Jenner and Olivia Palermo are embracing cool color combos As short-handle pocketbooks become all the rage with stars like Emily Ratajkowski, FEMAIL reveals the coolest spring styles to hit the market  Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris New look for the model  'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken EdSheeran is reduced to tears as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Turner Classic Movies host and film historian Robert Osborne dies at age 84 The Washington state native also interviewed a host of A-list actors  Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Happy group shot   'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns in accident on tour bus Could not perform in Memphis  Missed a step? Bachelor bad boy Nick Viall looks a little stressed as he trains for DWTS with Peta Murgatroyd Is he already worried? So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work The 37-year-old singer shared a snap of two-and-half month old  Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED  Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  Got together last year 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy All bundled up Nicole Kidman goes topless in emotionally revealing shower scene on HBO's Big Little Lies The 49-year-old actress went nude for yet another scene Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz, 44, cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries on a low-key trip with a friend  'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Has her mother's beauty Kendall Jenner nails casual glamor in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week 'We were 9 and 10 years old!': Kim Kardashian shares rare carefree photo with sister Kourtney from her happy childhood long before fame hit Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, two weeks after giving birth  'Carson Kressley defends co-star Arnold Schwarzenegger after Trump claims Terminator star was fired from The Apprentice 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff  - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' Controversial snap   Katy Perry shows off her gold Nike TOOTH JEWELRY as she jokes she's looking for 'real friends' after no one told her she quinoa in her teeth 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King New Estée Lauder ad 'He's just a racist': Don Cheadle claims Donald Trump said the n-word to his friend's father during golf tournament just moments after the two first met She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine Meet laid-back Barack! Obama unveils a new casual look after ditching his stuffy White House suits for the leather jacket and jeans of his Harvard days Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Striking supermodel  Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She is a lying b****': Kandi Burruss lashes out after Porsha Williams claims she tried to DRUG her and take her home to 'sex dungeon' on RHOA  'If I could snap my fingers? Trump would not be elected': Leighton Meester claims the election result was worse than the birth of HITLER in new interview A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris Model turned heads   Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress... as she heads to dinner after stripping to her lingerie for a clip Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns You're funny, dad! David Duchovny enjoys spending time with daughter Madelaine as they take in a New York Knicks game with pal Steve Buscemi Prince Jackson takes on his dad's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids, and reveals 'Smooth Criminal' is his favorite video  Exes Tarek and Christina El Moussa will NOT make any extra money over five new Flip Or Flop spin-offs The couple had a high-profile split  Jessica Chastain catches the eye in a quirky black and white dress and shocking pink heels for TV appearance in Poland Wowed in Warsaw  Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitoes during a gig in Australia  Reaction caused a buzz Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Has a sweet tooth Riding high: At 90 the Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle  Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'I wanted it to be about inclusion': Justin Timberlake sends message to young fans as he takes Song of the Year at iHeartRadio Music Awards Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at the launch of the ROVA Flying Selfie Camera in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica  Superhero feud! Ryan Reynolds hits back at Hugh Jackman on Twitter over hilarious 'protesters' comment at the Logan premiere in Beijing Are they available for the Oscars? Coldplay's Chris Martin has children deliver acceptance speech at iHeartRadio Music Awards      DON'T MISS Orlando who? Upbeat Katy Perry performs on stage in LA wearing funky red and pink ensemble days after split from Bloom Flaunted her cleavage Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London The 26-year-old singer oozed spring vibes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am says he approves of Cheryl's union with Liam Payne, but WON'T confirm if she's given birth Busting out! Model and blogger Pia Muehlenbeck posts raunchy photo in outdoor shower while holidaying in Bali Enjoying the sun  'This year has been pretty disordered': Megan Marx continues to hint she has split from Tiffany Scanlon as she shares a raunchy selfie  Rumors are swirling Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong for best actor - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Casting away the single life! Swimsuit-clad Julianne Hough dances with Nina Dobrev as her big bachelorette weekend continues  Harry and Meghan... The REAL story of their romantic Jamaican reunion: The $6,150 a night villa, disaster on the dancefloor and pastor's prediction  Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in a body-hugging embellished black dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson in Paris  Looks like they got the memo! Scream Queens star Abigail Breslin and her friend wear matching leopard print jackets as they step out in New York In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Revealed the gender of their unborn child  Dare to flare! Joanna Krupa flaunts her slender pins in figure-hugging retro trousers as she steps out in Poland Kept things classic 'He threw me to the ground... he's going to jail': Fan 'hit by 1D star Louis Tomlinson at airport' smiles as she reveals her intention to press charges 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation with fan 'She is a lying b****': Kandi Burruss confronts Porsha Williams over sex claims on Real Housewives of Atlanta Hawaii trip did nothing for their frosty relations  Geri Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Mother-son time  'I feel lucky': Shannen Doherty says she feels 'great' while hosting charity gala days after her last chemo session She has been battling breast cancer Newly single Katy Perry wears metallic raspberry jumpsuit as she continues to show off her cropped blonde locks following dinner date  Snow way! Bindi Irwin is in complete awe of the stunning winter wonderland at her mother's home state of Oregon Short clip of herself SPOILER ALERT: 'Do you know that?' Hannah Horvath learns of surprise pregnancy during emergency room visit on HBO's Girls Is she expecting? Seeing double! Alessandra Ambrosio stuns in a thigh-skimming minidress as she unveils a bikini-clad waxwork of herself at Madame Tussauds Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet Belt up! Halsey covers her assets with leather strap as she strikes attention-grabbing pose at iHeartRadio Awards Just a belt covering her modesty Busty blonde! Stassi Schroeder flaunts her cleavage in very low-cut jumpsuit at iHeart Radio Music Awards in LA The reality star, 28, added shiny heels  Girls' day! Kardashian sisters brunch and cruise the open road in a cherry red classic Chevrolet Bel Air Kourtney and Khloe and Kim  Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before British show Top Gear returns to screens without him 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life What a warm-up! Fans fawn as Justin Bieber squeezes in a sweaty workout after arriving in Australia for much-hyped concert series  After touching down 'Watch out, bad boy alert!' Cody Simpson wows fans with a rock'n'roll look while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles Opting for a mature look Star in stripes! Christina Milian ditches the glamour as she heads to dinner after eye-popping display at iHeartRadio awards Busty silver number 'She's who I want to be when I grow up': Miley Cyrus sweetly introduces her younger sister Noah at iHeartRadio Music Awards Coining an expression! 'Super embarrassed' Winona Ryder dubs SAG Awards gurning session 'Facegate' Meme-inspiring turn at the ceremony  'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'Another day, another slay': Alli Simpson cuts an edgy figure in an all black military chic ensemble on the red carpet of the iHeartRadio awards Sports Illustrated model Hunter McGrady flaunts her fabulous figurein a bondage inspired dress at the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'Turning a new leaf!' Katy Perry shows off new breakup hairdo as she hits her first red carpet since split from Orlando Bloom Looked stunning The truth behind Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? New FX show Feud reveals how Joan Crawford and Bette Davis were almost replaced 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following Orlando Bloom split Like mother like daughter! A very pouty Caitlyn Jenner takes lip kit queen daughter Kylie to dinner Hanging out with loved ones David Cassidy, 66, performs FINAL concert on his tour after revelation he is suffering from laryngitis on top of tragic dementia David Letterman calls Trump 'crazy' says the Russians 'groomed' him and predicts the president 'will take a fastball to the face and have to leave the game'  SPOILER ALERT! Rick Grimes and Michonne take sex-filled scavenger mission on The Walking Dead Almost lost their lives during their quest  'Reunited!' Rachel Bilson catches up with Hart of Dixie costars Jaime King and Wilson Bethel at ACLU event It's been two years since they were a trio  Going somewhere? Mischa Barton carries passport and draws stares in baggy red bottoms as meltdown recovery continues On the comeback trail  United front: Former couple Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer play happy families as they take their kids out to lunch in LA Amicable divorce  Pharrell Williams wears surgical face mask while walking through the airport In Japan, it is considered polite to wear a surgical mask in public 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Hot in Miami! Bethenny Frankel flaunts her curves in stylish two-piece as she hits the beach with handsome mystery man She's a Skinny Girl 'I miss my mommy so much': Teresa Giudice takes to social media to share her sorrow about mother Antonia Gorga's death at 66 She is heart-broken  It must be love! Sophie Turner accompanies Joe Jonas from NYC to LA and back again in 24 hours as he attends awards show Headed out for the night Tale as old as time: Ariana Grande and John Legend enchant in the music video for Beauty And The Beast The pair sang the famous theme song  'Gigi is the conduit': Tommy Hilfiger wildly claims Hadid's veil-clad Vogue Arabia cover can improve 'relations' between the US and Middle East 'Trump is making me gain weight!' Barbara Streisand blames POTUS for stressing her out so much she overeats Megastar's revelation  Daddy's treat? Lionel Richie leaves Beverly Hills store wallet in hand after shopping trip with daughter Sofia, 18 Stopped by Barney's New York A right Royal girl squad! From her daughter's godmother to a reality TV star, FEMAIL takes a look at the women in Princess Mary's inner circle Legs for days! Fifth Harmony are in sync with flesh baring outfits at the iHeartRadio Music Awards Dressed in coordinated mini dresses Bra-vo! Karrueche Tran shows off her abs in red-hot lace and satin at the iHeartRadio Music Awards following more drama with Chris Brown Wowed in two-piece From Paris with love: Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid pack on the PDA in sweet thank you video as the former One Direction star wins iHeartRadio Award  Ivanka Trump and family return to Washington on Air Force One after a weekend of relaxing at Mar-a-Lago Posted the photo of her children relaxing  Not a care in the world! Barack and Michelle Obama smile as they are seen for the first time since Trump's sensational phone tapping claims Julianne Moore dazzles in a stunning floral maxi dress as she hosts L'Oreal dinner during Paris Fashion Week  Oscar winner  Tom Arnold and his 'legal eagles are suing Channel 10 for an unpaid amount of $140,000 actor says they owe him for I'm A Celebrity Australia contract' Smooth sailing! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka soak up the sun on luxury yacht as they enjoy kids-free trip to St. Barts Relaxing in the sun  On the prowl! Country starlet Kelsea Ballerini turns heads in sparkling blue catsuit at iHeartRadio Music Awards Turned heads  Leggy lady! Heidi Klum shows her stripes in b&w-sequinned mini-dress at iHeartRadio Music Awards Showcased her legs  Maddie Ziegler wears a fun mini dress to support her mentor Sia at the iHeartRadio Music Awards Sowed up to support her friend and mentor Her leading man! Paris Hilton holds hands with new beau Chris Zylka as they jet out of LA in coordinating leather looks Spotted clutching mitts  Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso stare into each other's eyes and hold hands after The Veronicas star went topless during Mardi Gras performance Sunday funday! Gwen Stefani looks leggy in khaki shirt dress and fishnets as she heads to church with her boys The mother-of-three was just missing one son Quite the Hello! Lucky Adele fan captures amazing selfie with the singer after scoring free tickets to the UK star's Brisbane concert Captured the star   Dev Patel can't stop kissing his stunning new girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey as they enjoy a pedalo ride during idyllic romantic day out in LA A bit of PDA Emily Ratajkowski sizzles in a leather skirt as she leads a bevy of models into the L'Oreal Paris Fashion Week star-studded dinner Brunette beauty Angelina Jolie's son Maddox scores producing credit on her Netflix film First They Killed My Father Nepotistically-privileged 15-year-old  Funny girl! Chrissy Teigen can't stop giggling as she and John Legend prepare to leave Miami They were in town for a friend's wedding A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her Dad in Melbourne... a month after split from British fiance Joshua Sasse Olivia Culpo brings the bedroom to the FROW as she exposes her lingerie from beneath flirty sheer negligee while dazzling at John Galliano PFW show 'There were some very upset people!' Dan Stevens reveals he is STILL apologising to Downton Abbey fans for his character's shock death  Prince of pop! Harry collides with a waitress and sends a drinks tray flying after Moonwalking in front of Meghan at Jamaican wedding reception 'It left me looking like I'd been mutilated': Chloe Lattanzi, 31, FINALLY admits to having plastic surgery including a botched boob job at 18  Life's peachy! Gigi Hadid flashes her derriere in skimpy striped swimsuit as she stuns in new Tommy Hilfiger SS17 campaign Model behavior Leggy Lottie Moss oozes glamour as she sizzles in skimpy mini with rose embroidered coat for L'Oreal Paris Fashion Week dinner  Kate's sister One in three chance! Marlon Wayans, Tone Bell and Brandon Mychal Smith all in running to take Nick Cannon's spot on America's Got Talent Coveted gig EXCLUSIVE - Undercover lover: Hunter Biden and his brother's widow Hallie step out together for the first time since their romance was revealed  Lara Stone flashes her slender pins in asymmetric dress with daring thigh-high split at L'Oreal dinner in Paris The Dutch model stepped out Karlie Kloss strikes a slender pose in chic black jeans as she returns to her New York apartment after errands Was sporting a simple  ensemble 'I don't know what my t**s have to do with feminism': Emma Watson hits back at critics who branded her a 'hypocrite' for braless magazine shoot Taking care of body and soul! Jennifer Garner rocks nautical stripes for visit to church after early morning gym session In West Hollywood How posh are YOU? Expert reveals the words making you sound common that you'd never hear Kate and William say (including 'pardon' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images... as she sparks further debate over baby's arrival H2-woah! CHiPs actor Dax Shepard leads the Chicago Polar Plunge as hundreds run into the chilly waters of Lake Michigan Charity fundraiser ANTM star Bello Sanchez says he was raped in Paris nightclub and claims cops didn't properly respond because of his race and sexuality Lauren Silverman looks effortlessly chic in a simple skinny jean and T-shirt combo as she takes sweet son Eric, 3, to the park in LA Simon Cowell's girl Date night! Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in nude bodysuit as she dines at Craig's with beau Grigor Dimitrov The former Pussycat Dolls singer Playboy bunny Carla Howe flaunts her ample cleavage and enviable hourglass curves in plunging khaki midi dress as she steps out in London Bella Hadid nails goth chic once more as she flashes her lacy bra and endless legs in sensational PVC ensemble during Paris stay   Rock chick Courteney Cox goes solo to catch a band at Hollywood's iconic Troubadour... but it wasn't fiancé Johnny McDaid's Snow Patrol Friends star 'She died of an overdose!' Movie mogul Jeffrey Katzenberg reveals iconic romantic comedy Pretty Woman nearly had a much darker ending Fresh-faced beauty! Sofia Richie goes makeup-free in a hoodie and velour trousers as she picks up a smoothie in Beverly Hills She is 18 Garfield creator Jim Davis is forced to wade in and clear up social media debate over the famous cartoon tabby's gender Wikipedia editing war broke out Logan slices box office with $85.3M as horror flick Get Out slides to second place and Moonlight gets a post-Oscars bump R-rated X-Men spinoff Pretty in pink: Gigi Hadid wows in fuchsia suede jacket and PVC leggings as she's spotted dashing between fashion shows in Paris Ready to pop! Heavily-pregnant Jenna Jameson shows off huge baby bump in clinging dress as she lunches with fiance in LA Time to cool off! Happy (and hunky) Prince Harry enjoys a dip in the ocean as he and Meghan relax on the beach in Jamaica after his 'wingman's' sun-drenched wedding EXCLUSIVE: Beau Biden's widow pictured wearing her wedding ring and out for the first time since her relationship with Hunter Biden was revealed  College star breaks records with 4.22 second 40-yard dash, setting himself up for '$27M NFL deal' - but he missed out on winning an ISLAND from Adidas because he wore Nikes  'They look so big!' Cosmetic doctor reveals the REAL reason behind Beyoncé's pout as her fuller lips send fans into meltdown Expecting twins PICTURED: Emily Blunt appears practically perfect in costume as filming gets underway for Mary Poppins' Returns in London Another classic remake 'Has she left the hanger in?!' Jennifer Hudson's shoulder pads stun The Voice viewers... as she's likened to Frankenstein and Dynasty-era Joan Collins Now THAT'S a throwback: A young Hugh Jackman looks handsome as ever as he auditions for iconic Wolverine role back in 1999 Harry's all mine! Meghan's protective arm and her $6,150 bracelet that declares their love to the world No mistaking the message  'Been waiting for this for the longest time': Maksim Chmerkovskiy can't hide his joy as he dances with his baby boy Shai in a carrier Dancing With the Stars  'Be free dad': Mel B reveals her father Martin Brown has died aged 63 after five year battle with cancer The Spice Girl revealed her heartache Kellyanne makes herself comfortable on SN: Kate McKinnon mocks her 'sofa-gate' but Alec Baldwin and his Trump impression fails to appear  No contest here! Ashley Graham dons see-through wet T-shirt which exposes her nipples during Miami getaway with husband Justin Ervin Emily Ratajkowski is the picture of elegance in a chartreuse lace dress as she joins leggy Kate Mara at Valentino AW17 show during Paris Fashion Week Peace ya'll! Chris Pratt looks dapper in western-style denim during casual outing in Beverly Hills Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 star 'I want to be part of the solution': Kesha makes heartfelt PSA with the National Eating Disorders Association The 30-year-old Tic-Toc singer Megan Rapinoe's on-field protest of the national anthem prompts US Soccer to require players to 'stand respectfully' for the song La Dolce Vita! Italian siren Monica Bellucci flaunts her cleavage in an unbuttoned shirt and tangerine coat as she poses up a storm at Monte Carlo film festival Grand style! Julianne Moore travels to Paris in luxe scarf and all black ensemble during Fashion Week The 56-year-old looked comfortable but chic EXCLUSIVE: Pastor who officiated the Jamaican wedding of one of Prince Harry's closest friends says he and Meghan Markle 'looked in love' Get fit in 15 minutes: The simple exercise you can do to tone up your stomach muscles This plank with a twist is simple, but effective - and it doesn't take long  Singer-songwriter Tommy Page, who once toured with NKOTB, dies of an apparent suicide aged 46 Best known for his 1990 hit I'll Be Your Everything Dakota Fanning brandishes a bloody knife as she goes braless in a cropped cotton top in Western thriller Brimstone ahead of DVD release  'My lawyer said, "Run, Jeffy, run!" and I ran': Jeff Sessions is mocked as Forrest Gump who fist-bumps Putin in SNL skit after recusing himself  Hadid it again! Model Gigi flaunts unbelievably long legs in tiny demim shorts as she takes centre stage in ANOTHER fashion  campaign 'He socked me in the face... he's going to jail': 1D fan claims Louis Tomlinson 'threw her to the floor' amid paparazzi bust-up with girlfriend Eleanor Today's headlines Most Read Trump's inauguration - the OFFICIAL photos: The National Park Service releases dozens of photographs... so... 'Obamacare GONE': Republicans publish their plan to repeal The Affordable Care Act and replace it with tax... Exposed, the truth behind the great health myths: From the five-a-day rule to eating oily fish once a week,... Furious passengers dub the TSA's new 'invasive' pat-downs 'legalized groping' as it's revealed agents caught... Casey Anthony speaks out: America's most hated mom wistfully imagines how her murdered daughter Caylee would... Richard Simmons is NOT being held hostage by his housekeeper, claims publicist as podcast takes US by storm Should mothers-to-be REALLY avoid fruit and veg? Claims pesticides could harm their baby's brain  'This is it. I’ve got to kill you now': Court hears what MMA fighter War Machine told his porn star... 'Diana was the only woman he told': Former Royal butler Paul Burrell reveals he is gay and announces he is... Judge issues warrant for Azealia Banks's ARREST after she failed to turn up in court for 'biting female... North Korea is 'training for an attack on US bases in Japan': Kim Jong Un is pictured applauding missile... FBI Director James Comey is 'incredulous' over Trump's claim that Obama ordered a wiretap of his phones... Trump's Oval Office eruption was aimed at his LAWYER – not advisers Bannon and Priebus – as the president... Now Trump wants Congress to investigate the 'pervasive' leaking of classified information that's plagued his... 'The president, just for a moment forgot that he was president': Ex-CIA boss Hayden tries to explain Trump... JOBS, JOBS, JOBS: Trump gushes about Exxon on Twitter after oil giant announces investment plan in the Gulf FBI in the crosshairs: Now Comey is ordered by Senate committee chair to come clean on plans to pay the... Trump signs new travel ban executive order that no longer targets Iraq and exempts green card holders – but... Trump offers Planned Parenthood way out of being defunded telling it: Stop abortions and you will keep... Outrage as Ben Carson calls slaves 'immigrants' who came to America with a 'dream' in his first speech as... Support for Trump grows after address to Congress according to polls - but could this weekend's troubles... American citizen Khizr Khan is forced to cancel scheduled speech in Toronto after reportedly being warned... On pointe! Chelsea Clinton revisits her glory days as a ballerina while attending annual ballet ball with... Mika unhinged: Morning Joe co-host says 'I don't know how anybody can defend this president!' as she... 'If I could snap my fingers? Trump would not be elected': Leighton Meester claims the election result was... Jeff Sessions clarifies his confirmation hearing testimony to acknowledge he spoke to Russian ambassador... White House fails to offer ANY evidence of Trump Tower bugging for third straight day: Spokeswoman is... Trump's Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and other top officials are bedding down at the Trump hotel in... The holiday's over! Stony-faced Ivanka talks on her cell phone as she is driven out of her D.C. home in a... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Kroger's 13-year winning streak just ended -- and it's a warning sign for the entire grocery industry Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Hayley Peterson Mar 6th 2017 12:25PM Kroger's winning streak has come to an end. The supermarket chain's same-store sales, or sales at stores open at least a year, fell 0.7% in the most recent quarter, the company said last week. That marks the end to a staggering 13-year streak of quarterly same-store sales increases for Kroger. The company blamed food price deflation for the decline. But it's also facing growing price competition with discount grocers like Aldi expanding across the US. A 2014 price study found that Aldi's prices were about 22% cheaper than Kroger's. Aldi has more than 1,600 stores in the US with plans to open another 600 within the next couple of years. Walmart is also investing in its grocery department. The company reduced prices on hundreds of grocery products last year and reportedly just launched a grocery price-comparison test in 1,200 stores in an effort to edge out Aldi. RELATED: 10 supermarket traps to avoid on your next trip: 11 PHOTOS 10 supermarket traps See Gallery 10 supermarket traps Large shopping carts According to Martin Lindstrom, the larger the shopping cart, the more likely you are to spend. The marketing consultant told The Consumerist, "We doubled their size as a test, and customers bought 19% more." Pleasing aromas and colorful sights Walking into a grocery store and smelling freshly baked goods and flowers, especially if you're in a good mood, is a surefire way to get you to throw a few unnecessary items into your cart as your begin shopping experience. Fresh produce first​ After you've already been tricked into picking up a loaf of bread or some flowers, supermarkets also get you by placing the produce in the front of the store. By doing this, they fool you into believing you're being healthier by shopping for fruits and veggies first so you won't feel bad if you decide to stock up on a few unhealthier snacks along the way to checkout, too. Mist on produce You may think the mist on fresh fruits and veggies is helping the produce, but in all actuality, it makes them rot faster. Also, be sure to shake off the access water before purchasing your produce -- the mist tends to add additional weight, making the price go up. Slow, boring music Have you ever wondered why most grocery stores play some sort of elevator music? It's because they want you to take your time while shopping. Many stores play music slower than the average heartbeat, so pop your headphones in and play upbeat music to combat this trick. 10-for-$10 promotions It's common to believe you're getting a great deal during a 10-for-$10 promotion, but say, if a can of beans was originally 87 cents, you're actually paying more versus buying 10 of the same cans when they aren't on "sale." Dairy being in the back of the store The reasoning behind the age-old trick of placing milk and other dairy products in the back of the store may surprise you. Although it forces you to walk through various aisles, the true reason is because trucks unload their shipments in the back of store, and since milk needs to be refrigerated immediately, the easiest place to keep it is in the back. More expensive items at eye level If you've ever wondered why all of the expensive items seem to be the most accessible, there's a reason behind that, too. Supermarkets place cheaper items on the lower and higher shelves and reserve the middle, or eyesight level, shelves for their most expensive products. Buying premium deli products Just because you are buying a seemingly fresh cut of meat or fish from the deli and paying a higher price, doesn't necessarily mean the product is of better quality. Often times, the meat was previously frozen meaning you may have to use it sooner than meat you would buy from the frozen section. Changing the layout of the store... often Don't get too comfortable with your local supermarket's layout. Markets believe that when a person remembers where there items they plan on buying are, they'll spend less time in the store and will ultimately spend less money. Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE Business Insider compared prices at both chains in 2015 and found that Walmart was about 30% more expensive than Aldi. Soon, there will be even more pressure to lower grocery prices with a new discount grocer entering the US market in a big way. The German supermarket chain Lidl is gearing up to open 100 stores along the East Coast by mid-2018, with the first 20 stores opening this summer in Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. The chain plans to eventually open as many as 600 stores in the US, according to a copy of a company presentation obtained by Business Insider. Lidl currently has 10,000 stores in 27 European countries. The rapid expansion of Aldi and Lidl in the UK has sent the country's biggest grocery chains into a crippling price war that sent their sales sliding over the last decade. The end to Kroger's 13-year winning streak is a sign that a similar price war is erupting in the US. Fortunately for shoppers, that means food will just keep getting cheaper. NOW WATCH: You've probably been using aluminum foil wrong your whole life More from Business Insider: How LIKEtoKNOW.it turned a screenshot into a shopper's heaven A commercial mocking the GOP's controversial tax plan will air during 'SNL' We visited convenience-store rivals Wawa and Sheetz to see which does it better — and the winner is clear SEE ALSO: A German grocery chain with the power to cripple Aldi, Whole Foods, and Trader Joe's is about to invade America Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Congress Gives American Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $625k A Once-In-A-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months Pay no interest until May 2018 with this card The highest paying cash back card is here Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits An astonishing 21-month 0% APR credit card If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Start 2017 with a new high yield savings account Personal loans: Too good to be true? CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY Target vs. walmart: where can you get the better deal? 15 warren buffett quotes for every stock investor 12 successful ceos who have admitted to using marijuana 15 Least Stressed Cities in America 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon The 15 Best Places to Live in the United States Recommended For You 1 GM will layoff 1,100 in Michigan after production shift 2 3 mortgage truth bombs that will make you think differently 3 2 "no-brainer" purchases to make on credit cards 4 Costco is raising its annual membership fees 5 6 tax perks for seniors Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,375.31-7.81-0.33% DJIA20,954.34-51.37-0.24% NASDAQ5,849.17-21.58-0.37% DAX11,986.1227.720.23% NIKKEI 22519,344.15-34.99-0.18% HANG SENG23,681.0784.790.36% USD (per EUR)1.060.000.03% USD (per CHF)1.010.000.09% JPY (per USD)113.970.060.05% GBP (per USD)1.220.00-0.27% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Why these women ditched Ivanka Trump's brandCNNMoney What Trump's H-1B move means for workersCNNMoney Trump's child care plan is gift to the rich, report saysCNNMoney Former FCC chairman: Things are 'going the way I feared'CNNMoney In Arizona, mandated use of E-Verify had mixed resultsCNNMoney Trump vs. Trump: Who to believe?CNNMoney Company says employee has gone missing with $100MCNNMoney Simon & Schuster nixes Milo Yiannopoulos' bookCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Tue, Mar 07 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Man steals $3,800 worth of fishing gear from Walmart: report walmartjpg-066d565b458fd35a.jpeg Print Email Todd Masson, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Todd Masson, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 06, 2017 at 9:58 AM, updated March 06, 2017 at 10:09 AM comments Like many anglers, Ohio resident Derrick Marcum really likes fishing equipment. The problem, according to police, is Marcum doesn't like paying for it. Authorities say they arrested Marcum in October at a Walmart in Forest Park, Ohio, after he tried to leave the store with two backpacks loaded with fishing lures and other related gear, according to NBC affiliate WLWT. The value of the equipment was $1,300. That would have been bad enough, but police say that bust gave them clues Marcum was responsible for an unsolved shoplifting case the day before at another Walmart. In that case, Marcum filled five storage containers with fishing lures and other equipment and brought them to the self-checkout, where he paid only for the storage containers, police say. The total value of the fishing gear stolen that day was $2,500, police say. The local county prosecutor said Marcum "pretty much cleaned out the aisle." A grand jury indicted Marcum Monday (Feb. 27) in that case. Marcum is being held in the Warren County, Ohio, jail ahead of his arraignment hearing. According to wealthwire.com, the seven most frequently shoplifted items in America are meat, razors, baby formula, cosmetics, laptops, drugs and clothing. ************** Todd Masson can be reached at tmasson@nola.com or 504.232.3054.  Follow @ TmassonFISH Tweet to @TmassonFISH Outdoors Reports Get the latest hunting and fishing news, forecasts, photos and videos from around Louisiana. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Most Read Active Discussions Louisiana Outdoors Resources Discover what's happening in the marsh in real time Local weather for La. outdoors enthusiasts Tidal reports for Louisiana waterways About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Odd News 1959 Corvette gets car parked on it at Florida Walmart By Ben Hooper   |   March 6, 2017 at 9:24 AM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments March 6 (UPI) -- A visitor to a Florida Walmart captured video showing the aftermath of a parking disaster that left a car perched atop a classic 1959 Corvette. Jason Motz, who posted the video to Facebook, said the Corvette was parked off to one side of the parking lot outside the Edgewood store when a driver "cutting through" the lot turned toward it and accidentally hit the gas instead of the brakes when she realized she was headed for a collision. The Corvette's owner, Charlotte County Supervisor of Elections Paul Stamoulis, appears calm in the video as authorities and a tow truck work to extract the Corvette from underneath the larger car. A friend of Stamoulis confirmed the car was a 1959 Corvette. Commenters pointed out the body of the Corvette appears to be in good shape -- until the side obscured by the car comes into view in the video. The side panel has a vertical tear from the bottom to the hood. "I felt so bad for the owner. I hate to see such a beautiful piece of machinery looking like that," Motz wrote. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Louisiana chase ends with pickup taking 'Dukes of Hazzard' style flight Auto shop worker parks car half on stairs, half on stacks of bricks New Jersey Target's 2-ton red ball comes loose, hits moving car Comments Latest Headlines Horse sinking into sand rescued on Belgian beach 10 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- Beach-goers in Belgium assisted firefighters with the rescue of a horse that started sinking into the wet sand on the coastline. Cayman diving instructor pulls knife out of shark's head 11 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- A diving instructor in the Cayman Islands was filmed swimming up to a nurse shark near a reef and pulling a kitchen knife out of its head. Jaguars battle python in South African national park 11 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- A visitor to a South African national park caught rare footage of a battle to the death between two jaguars and a massive rock python. Vets remove 915 coins from stomach of turtle named 'piggy bank' 11 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- Veterinary surgeons in Thailand saved the life of a 25-year-old turtle whose name means "piggy bank" by removing 915 coins from her abdomen. British 'smart condom' counts number of thrusts, calories burned 12 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- A British company is offering preorders for a "smart condom" that measures -- among other things -- how many calories are burned during a rendezvous. UPI Latest Trending Stories Jaguars battle python in South African national park Vets remove 915 coins from stomach of turtle named 'piggy bank' Cayman diving instructor pulls knife out of shark's head British 'smart condom' counts number of thrusts, calories burned Texas man seeks owner of wedding ring tossed to him with Mardi Gras beads Photos 2017 SI Swimsuit issue launch Popular American brands in China 2017 New York Fashion Week 2016 NFL Cheerleaders 2016 NY Comic Con 2016: Most revealing red carpet looks Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell We don't know which stock Buffett will offload next, but we do have some reasons why these three could be on his list. Jason Hall, Dan Caplinger, and Keith Noonan (TMFVelvetHammer) Mar 6, 2017 at 7:07AM Superinvestor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK-A)(NYSE:BRK-B) is well-known for its impressive portfolio of stocks, largely hand-picked by Buffett himself over the past several decades. And while Buffett has said that his favorite holding period is forever, he's done his fair share of selling over the years. Sometimes he sells to raise cash for other investments, and sometimes he sells because he's lost faith in an investment for one reason or another.  We asked three of our top contributors to nominate stocks that they think Buffett may unload next. While we don't have any special access to the Oracle of Omaha's future plans, and it's likely that we will miss the mark with these suggestions, this exercise serves an important purpose: It forces us to look at three great companies and identify something about them that could make them sell-worthy.  Image source: Getty Images. Keep reading to learn what it is about these three stocks -- Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE:WFC), Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST), and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) -- that could drive Buffett to sell off some or even all of Berkshire's stake.  Wells Fargo could force Buffett's hand Jason Hall (Wells Fargo): Warren Buffett is an unabashed fan of companies that paid steady dividends and regularly repurchase stock. Over time, several of Buffett's biggest investments have paid off very well, in part because of these actions. Unfortunately for Buffett and Berkshire, the share buybacks at Wells Fargo could actually become a problem.  This is because Berkshire now owns more than 10% of Wells Fargo and must be a so-called "passive" investor in the company, limiting Buffett's ability to engage with the bank's management, or otherwise use his leverage as a major shareholder and investing icon on Wells Fargo. That may be difficult for Buffett to do going forward, particularly if Wells Fargo's management doesn't right the ship and move the company beyond the fraudulent account scandal that continues to affect the bank's reputation with consumers.  So far Buffett has remained solidly supportive of Wells Fargo and its new CEO, at least publicly, but I think it's a safe bet that if he isn't satisfied with management's progress on moving forward or if he sees signs that its reputation is more permanently damaged than he first thought, Buffett would be willing to sell enough shares to become an active investor again and start pressing the bank to get its house in order.  A move away from brick and mortar? Keith Noonan (Coscto): Berkshire Hathaway has owned a stake in Costco since 2001, and held more than 4.3 million shares of the company at the end of its last reporting period -- worth roughly $762 million at current prices. Costco runs a great business, and its ability to sell bulk goods at low margins and still generate substantial net income from membership fees is a moat that fits the Buffett model, but retail trends and pricing highs for the stock could cause Berkshire to reduce holdings in Costco.   Berkshire's move to reduce its Wal-Mart position by 89% in the last quarter could be an indication that the investment company has concerns about the future of brick-and-mortar retailers. While significant differences exist between Wal-Mart's and Costco's business models, both are threatened by the rise of online retailers like Amazon.com, and Buffett's own comments suggest that he thinks the leading online seller will continue to disrupt competing retail outlets. Online sales accounted for only 8.1% of U.S. retail sales in 2016, but e-commerce momentum is undeniable and looks poised to continue. While Costco's global sales increased 3% in its last reported quarter, Amazon's retail sales grew 20.6%..  With Costco shares trading at lifetime highs and a forward P/E of roughly 30, the warehouse retailer also looks significantly more expensive than Wal-Mart, which trades at roughly 16 times forward earnings estimates. Pricing strength and a shifting retail landscape could provide the impetus for Buffett's company to make some profits on Costco. Selling off the spoils of the financial crisis Dan Caplinger (Goldman Sachs): Buffet has said that his favorite holding period is forever, but that hasn't stopped him from selling highly appreciated positions when he can find better uses for his money. That's been one motivation for Buffett, having sold shares of Goldman Sachs in the past, and the need for funds could lead to further sales ahead. In late 2015, Buffett sought to buy industrial forged castings specialist Precision Castparts. The price was $22 billion, and Berkshire had enough cash to complete the purchase without the need to raise funds, but instead, the conglomerate chose to sell off about 13% of its stake in Goldman Sachs, taking the total position from more than 12.6 million shares to just under 11 million shares. One reason why Goldman shares might be a preferred source of capital for future purchases goes back to the way that Buffett took the Goldman position in the first place. Goldman badly needed capital during the 2008 financial crisis, and Buffett was willing to purchase $5 billion in preferred stock. The deal paid Buffett a 10% annual dividend, and along with the deal, Berkshire also got warrants that eventually resulted in the company getting an additional $2 billion in Goldman shares. Yet the structure of the deal showed that Buffett wasn't interested in investing more cash in Goldman Sachs. After its sharp rise, Goldman could be a good source of future funding for whatever purchase Buffett wants to make next.  Dan Caplinger owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). Jason Hall owns shares of Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Costco Wholesale, and Wells Fargo. Keith Noonan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jason Hall, Dan Caplinger, and Keith Noonan (TMFVelvetHammer) Born and raised in the Deep South of Georgia, Jason now calls Southern California home. A Fool since 2006, he began contributing to Fool.com in 2012. Trying to invest better? Like learning about companies with great (or really bad) stories? Jason can usually be found there, cutting through the noise and trying to get to the heart of the story. Follow @TMFVelvetHammer Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 7:07AM Financials Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $262,800.01 down $-359.99 (-0.14%) Goldman Sachs NYSE:GS $252.01 down $0.88 (-0.35%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $58.61 down $0.28 (-0.48%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $166.73 down $-3.53 (-2.07%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $175.40 down $0.28 (-0.16%) Read More Here's What Warren Buffett Is Buying and Selling -- Should You Join Him? 3 Things to Watch for In Warren Buffett's Annual Letter Tomorrow Warren Buffett's $69.6 Billion Mistake -- And What He Learned From It Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Reveals Some Major Changes to Its Portfolio What Will Warren Buffett Buy Next With His $86 Billion War Chest? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell @themotleyfool #stocks $BRK-A, $GS, $WFC, $COST, $BRK-B
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
WATCH LIVE Home News Local News Regional News National News Special Reports Meet the Team Copy Request Story Ideas About WABI Weather Weather E-Weather Stormwatch Ski Report Sports Sports Good Sport Hale's Corner Never Say Never Moment Play of the Week Tournament Reports Copy Request Features All About Maine A Better Place Ask an Officer Bath Salts: Dangers Business & Finance End Student Hunger Healthy Living Honor Roll Submissions Pets Question Of The Day Archives Senior Segments Take This Job and Love It TV5 Kitchen Schedule Programming Home Programming Schedule Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Buy Maine First It's Our Treat Police Seek Suspect in Bangor Walmart Attempted Robbery Mar 6, 201711:22 PM EST Brian Sullivan Local News, Today's Top Stories Bangor Police are looking for someone who they say walked in to the Bangor Walmart Monday night and demanded money. Police were called to the scene around 9:30. There has been no confirmation from police if the suspect had a weapon, but have said that they believe the suspect fled the scene in a car. The gender of the suspect was not given. Authorities are continuiing to investigate and we’ll have more information for you as it becomes available.   Share this: Facebook Twitter Email ← Fire in Hampden Backs Up Traffic for Several Hours ADVERTISEMENT Trending Stories UPDATE: Fatal Crash Involving Fuel Truck Closes Route 3 in Liberty UPDATE: Former State Lawmaker from Winslow Found After Going Missing Saturday Belfast Man Killed in Head-On Collision with Oil Tanker Truck in Liberty Former State Legislator From Winslow Reported Missing ADVERTISEMENT We Want to Know: Should Senator Angus King support Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch? ADVERTISEMENT © 2017 WABI TV5. All Rights Reserved. | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Advertise | Employment Information | FCC Public File | Closed Captioning | Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More LOCAL NEWS » Newport-Mesa Unified moves to switch to area-election system after lawsuit Updated 5 minutes ago Judge asks for long-term plan for Santa Ana River homeless residents' property Updated 22 minutes ago 7-year-old Ryan Hickman has raised $10,000 by recycling to save sea lions Updated at 05:52 pm Santa Ana considers reinstating ICE jail contract Updated at 10:24 pm Former Aliso Viejo employee alleges defamation in suits against city, county Updated 28 minutes ago Santa Ana man charged with setting his family's house on fire Updated at 06:58 pm Detained Afghan family of 5 will be released Updated at 01:52 pm News Huntington Beach may allow some downtown bars, restaurants to stay open later Updated 37 minutes ago HUNTINGTON BEACH - People dining, drinking and enjoying live entertainment at downtown Huntington Beach bars and restaurants may get a few more hours to do so if two City Council members get their way. Related Huntington Beach considers limitations on future downtown bars Huntington Beach Planning Commission keeps door open to new downtown bars CITY NEWS » Select A City Aliso Viejo Anaheim Brea Buena Park Canyons Costa Mesa Coto de Caza Cypress Dana Point Fountain Valley Fullerton Garden Grove Huntington Beach Irvine Ladera Ranch Laguna Beach Laguna Hills Laguna Niguel Laguna Woods La Habra Lake Forest La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Mission Viejo Newport Beach Orange Placentia Rancho Santa Margarita Rossmoor San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Santa Ana Seal Beach Stanton Sunset Beach Surfside Tustin Villa Park Westminster Yorba Linda CRIME » Judge asks for long-term plan for Santa Ana River homeless residents' property Santa Ana gang member found guilty in 2009 robbery, attempted murder Brea man sentenced to nearly 5 1/2 years in prison for Medicare fraud TRAFFIC » Tustin man dies Saturday in crash on 5 freeway Driverless trucks: Coming soon to a road near you? CHP has a nifty number for the public EDUCATION » Trabuco Hills students take part in Read Across America Day honoring Dr. Seuss UC system proposes a 20 percent cap on out-of-state students Anaheim Ducks are science teachers for a day Editor Picks Play ball! Opening day for boys and girls in Orange County Little Leagues Why record crowds are flocking to Joshua Tree (Hint: It's not the wildflowers yet) Trinity Broadcasting Network sells its landmark Costa Mesa campus along the 405 freeway Science » Even toxics control successes can leave affected Southern California neighborhoods on edge Why record crowds are flocking to Joshua Tree (Hint: It's not the wildflowers yet) State: Dozens of oil violations on Banning Ranch POLITICS/GOVERNMENT » UC system proposes a 20 percent cap on out-of-state students Is GOP giving up on Quirk-Silva's Assembly seat? Pro-Trump march moves to Huntington Beach from Costa Mesa CALIFORNIA » Woman seeks right to trial in Trump University case Silicon Valley rail upgrade is imperiled amid GOP ire Video of dirt biker jumping 60 freeway 'impressive ... but against the law' WATCHDOG » Even toxics control successes can leave affected Southern California neighborhoods on edge Kids could again be arrested for prostitution under Travis Allen's bill Judges say 'no child can be a prostitute' OBITUARIES » Huntington Beach remembers Gil Coerper, a former mayor and police officer who got things done Beulah Strickler brought professional classical music to Fullerton in the 1950s 'Battlestar Galactica' star Richard Hatch dies at 71 NATION » House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Trump travel ban 2.0 narrows reach, still sparks criticism White House aides defend Trump's wiretapping claim Military » Laguna Beach's Patriots Day Parade honors a humble military hero Marine jazz ensemble hits high notes at Santa Ana performing arts school Force Blue gives veterans a new mission: Save coral reefs COLUMNS » Churches ramp up efforts to bring races together for reconciliation Bernie Sanders vs. Hillary Clinton: In Orange County, their supporters take different approaches Medzerian: Too old to be hipster, too young to care EVERYDAY HEROES » Laguna Beach's Patriots Day Parade honors a humble military hero Everyday Heroes: Costa Mesa interior designer gives homes and hope to wounded warriors Everyday Heroes: Laguna Niguel woman, a trauma volunteer, provides comfort when tragedy strikes LATINO LINK » Trump's push against immigrants could be met with pushback Mexican Consulate in Santa Ana launches initiative to aid immigrant women Students, who entered the U.S. illegally, travel to Mexico before Trump becomes president BUSINESS » Ferndales Bridal relocates in Orange LoanDepot developing faster, all-digital loan approvals Getting a fat tax refund? Find out how most will spend theirs Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team 63° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 63° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20B on Gulf Coast projects March 6, 2017 President Donald Trump and Exxon Mobil Corp. exchanged praise for each other on Monday as the company announced plans to create thousands of… Duncan says he’s meeting with constituents, refuses to hold town hall March 6, 2017 Congressman Jimmy Duncan took time to speak with WATE 6 On Your Side Monday on a variety of issues, including President Trump’s executive or… Strangers pay for Maryville woman’s groceries March 6, 2017 Wrong-way crash closes I-40E in Cumberland County March 6, 2017 Jimmy Buffett launches Margaritaville retirement village March 6, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 63° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 63° F Wind: WSW 15 Humidity: 55% Dewpoint: 46° F Sunrise: 6:57 AM Sunset: 6:36 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 63° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 63° F Lo: 40° F Strangers pay for Maryville woman’s groceries By Laura Halm and Madisen Keavy Published: March 6, 2017, 10:07 pm Updated: March 6, 2017, 11:50 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Kristi Cooper MARYVILLE (WATE) – A Maryville woman’s “thank you” video posted to Facebook for a group of teenagers’ random act of kindness is going viral. Trinity Christian Academy teacher Kristi Cooper had been wandering through the aisles of the Walmart in Maryville with her 5-year-old daughter Sunday night, picking up things here and there. When it came time to check out, Cooper says there were a few teenagers standing close to the register. “I noticed them, that they were around. They were looking nice and friendly and I wasn’t worried about it. And when my bill came up, this young man steps in and slides his card and I said, ‘Uh, okay?’ And he said, ‘We got this for you ma’am,'” explained Cooper. There was a big pause and then one of the boys simply said, “God bless you.” “My stomach was in my heart and my heart was in my stomach. For a second I thought, ‘Is this a trick?’ People are nice but I couldn’t hardly believe it,” added Cooper. She says that she gave them all a big hug, “It seemed like everything they had, they were willing to give it.” The exchange only lasted a few minutes and that kind generosity made a lasting impression. Right after, Cooper posted a Facebook Live video. She now says it’s a lesson she’ll carry over into her classroom at Trinity Christian Academy. “I think it’s so encouraging. You never know what somebody’s day has been like and to be able to inspire them in that way and show God’s love.” It was a surprise in a surprising classroom. “Thank you more than you would ever ever know,” said Cooper. Maryville teenagers responsible for act of kindness share what inspired them In the Fairview United Methodist Church Youth Ministry, there is a phrase called “agape attack.” It’s what they’re calling the random act of kindness Christi Cooper shared on Facebook. “We brought $20, we loaded up on the church bus and we all went to Walmart. At that point we all knew what we were doing. We were going to pay for people’s groceries. Whoever God led us to we were going to pay for.” said Ryan Kirst, a Youth Ministry member. The group paid for at least a thousand dollars worth of groceries for strangers with one message: You are loved. “An Agape Attack is really just anything you can do to show God’s love to someone else,” said Ryan Byrd, a youth ministry member. The man with the idea, Roger Murphy, is the group’s pastor. He says he wanted the students to get out of their comfort zones. “Some of our kids last night were saying, ‘My heart is pounding.’ They had this level of excitement before they went. Then the excitement changed to some other kind of joy after they experienced stepping out of their comfort zone.” said Murphy. Murphy says he wants to share this story because he wants anyone who might feel alone to know, they are loved. He says this is a challenge for anyone wanting to spread love. An Agape Attack doesn’t have to be with money. It can be as simple as a hug. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Woman’s warning about shirt on windshield goes viral for very good reason Dads doing ballet on Valentine’s Day will make your heart happy Maryville family upset postal worker sprayed fenced-in dog Tennessee lawmaker pushes for concealed carry in more government buildings Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National March 6, 2017 9:05 PM California exports its poor to Texas and other states, while wealthier people move in Every year between 2000 to 2015, more people left California than moved in from other states. This migration was not spread evenly across all income groups. This map shows the net migration to and from California among those near the poverty line between 2005 and 2015. The Sacramento Bee Tamara and Kit Keane recently relocated to California from Oklahoma. California has seen net growth in the number of residents with advanced degrees, like the Keanes, who are moving from other states. Autumn Payne apayne@sacbee.com Kiril Kundurazieff 1 of 3 i By Phillip Reese preese@sacbee.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story California exports more than commodities such as movies, new technologies and produce. It also exports truck drivers, cooks and cashiers. Every year from 2000 through 2015, more people left California than moved in from other states. This migration was not spread evenly across all income groups, a Sacramento Bee review of U.S. Census Bureau data found. The people leaving tend to be relatively poor, and many lack college degrees. Move higher up the income spectrum, and slightly more people are coming than going. About 2.5 million people living close to the official poverty line left California for other states from 2005 through 2015, while 1.7 million people at that income level moved in from other states – for a net loss of 800,000. During the same period, the state experienced a net gain of about 20,000 residents earning at least five times the poverty rate – or $100,000 for a family of three. Kiril Kundurazieff, 56, is among the low-income residents who left California. He spent more than a decade working in a small bookstore, then at Target, then at a Verizon call center, in Southern California. After some medical issues that hampered his eyesight, he found himself unemployed in Santa Ana, with monthly rent of about $1,000 in 2012. “There was really nothing left for me in California,” said Kundurazieff, who also writes a blog about his cats. “The cost of living was high. The rent was high. The job market was debatable.” Friends in Texas suggested he relocate. He now works at a Walmart in Houston, making a little north of $10 an hour. He works 40 hours a week, riding his bike about 7 miles to work many days. He does not pay state income tax. His rent is just over $500, with utilities. About the same time that Kundurazieff was leaving, Tamara and Kit Keane were arriving from Oklahoma. Both had been working on their doctorate degrees at Oklahoma universities, Kit in biology and Tamara in education. The Keanes already knew California. Kit, 34, was born and raised in Sacramento. Tamara, 31, spent most of her life in Southern California. They met at UC Davis about a decade ago. With graduate degrees, they had options. They liked the cost of living in Oklahoma and bought a two-bedroom house with a backyard for the bargain basement cost of $121,000. But they wanted to come back to California, for its beauty and to be near family. “We knew coming here, we would have to make a lot more money to live a similar lifestyle,” Tamara Keane said. After moving back last year, both now work for the Twin Rivers Unified School District as teachers on special assignment. They are expecting a child and recently purchased a three-bedroom house in Hollywood Park for $360,000. Tamara is still working on her Ph.D.; Kit is looking into eventually teaching at the university level. “Teacher salaries are not great,” Tamara Keane said. “But they are enough for us to want to come here.” Well-paid new arrivals in California enjoy a life that is far out of reach of much of the state’s population. Besides Hawaii and New York, California has the highest cost of living in America. During the past three years in Sacramento, median rent for a one-bedroom apartment has risen from about $935 a month to $1,230 a month, according to real estate tracking firm Zillow.com. A single mother working 40 hours a week at $15 an hour would spend nearly half of her gross income to afford an apartment at that price. She would pay about 10 percent less for a one-bedroom rental in Houston or Dallas. Sacramento remains relatively affordable compared to other California markets. Median rent for a one-bedroom apartment in Los Angeles is about $2,270 a month. In San Francisco, $3,700. Without subsidies, those prices are unreachable for a single parent making $15 an hour. Not surprisingly, the state’s exodus of poor people is notable in Los Angeles and San Francisco counties, which combined experienced a net loss of 250,000 such residents from 2005 through 2015. The leading destination for those leaving California is Texas, with about 293,000 economically disadvantaged residents leaving and about 137,000 coming for a net loss of 156,000 from 2005 through 2015. Next up are states surrounding California; in order, Arizona, Nevada and Oregon. All told, California lost about 260,000 economically disadvantaged residents to the 10 states with the lowest cost of living during that time period, compared to a net gain of about 40,000 from the 10 states (other than California) with the highest cost of living. Losing impoverished residents to other states is better for the state’s economy than losing wealthy residents, some experts said. But they said the migration itself is a symptom of deeper social problems largely related to how expensive California has become. “Why are people leaving? Economic reasons, the high cost of living, are certainly a part of it,” said Hans Johnson, senior fellow at the nonpartisan Public Policy Institute of California. “For those people (near the poverty line), California is not viable.” By some measures, California has the highest poverty rate in the nation. Poverty is associated with issues ranging from high crime rates to an increased likelihood of health problems. If someone puts most of their money toward rent, it leaves them with less money for hospital bills or essentials – so society steps in and picks up the slack, at a cost. “We are impacting all other systems,” said Lisa Hershey, executive director of Housing California, a nonprofit that advocates for more affordable housing. Impoverished residents who can’t afford to live in their neighborhood often “end up hospitalized, they end up in prison.” The choices facing millions of low-income workers trying to rent in California’s urban centers are stark, Hershey and others said. They can commute from far-away locales. “People are having to move so far away from their jobs – driving two or three hours,” Hershey said. They can spend a huge portion of their income on rent. Many experts recommend not spending more than a third of gross income on housing. But in California, “We are actually excited to see if people are spending less than 50 percent on housing,” Hershey said. They can live in a cramped house with others sharing the bills. More than 750,000 California households live in a rental containing more people than rooms, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Finally, they can move to a more affordable area. “This is like the ultimate displacement,” Hershey said. “People are being displaced so quickly not only in our communities but from the whole state.” facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation Pause 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 1:15 Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 2:39 Guantánamo: Ready to grow 2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email It's California Earned Income Tax Credit Awareness Week Tech entrepreneur Joseph N. Sanberg talks about the importance of the state Earned Income Tax Credit to low-income Californians. "It means more food for their kids. It means more clothing on their kids' backs," he said. Video courtesy CalEITC 4 ME. CalEITC 4 ME Investment in affordable housing has decreased sharply in California during the last several years, particularly since the dissolution of redevelopment agencies, Hershey said. Her organization is backing several bills that would address the issue through actions such as curbing tax deductions for vacation homes and putting the extra money toward affordable housing. Other than housing, a key reason many are leaving is intense competition for jobs. Even in San Francisco, where the unemployment rate is low, there are so many people trying to make it that those without much education or training have trouble finding work. “I just helped someone apply for a cashier position at CVS,” said Michael Bernick, a job training expert and former director of the state Employment Development Department. “Very competitive. The person I applied with failed, even though he has a college degree.” San Francisco “is the best employment market in the state – and yet even here, the cashier jobs, the restaurant jobs, are getting tens of applicants for most positions,” he said. With persistence, it is easier to get an entry level job in some parts of California than others, though education and training helps greatly. “The minimum qualification for most jobs at $11 an hour is a high school diploma,” said Terri Carpenter, workforce development director at the Sacramento Employment and Training Agency. “If you don’t have any long-term experience to supplement a high school degree, you don’t have too much opportunities. Your most successful candidates are those who have at least a two-year degree.” Several experts noted a growing income disparity between Californians with and without college degrees. That shows up in the data on domestic migration: About 800,000 more adults 25 and older without a bachelor’s degree left California for other states than came here; there was a simultaneous net gain of adults with graduate degrees. “On a social basis, college degrees largely serve as sorters,” Bernick said. “People without college degrees are at a disadvantage in many jobs, especially decent paying jobs.” Without a college degree, workers are generally, at best, stuck in low-paying jobs. And many of them decide to leave. The jobs with the biggest net loss to other states from 2005 through 2015 were cashiers, cooks, truck drivers, material movers, retail sales reps and customer service reps. Those jobs alone accounted for a net loss of 200,000 California workers. The professions with the highest net gain from other states? Software developers and physicians.   Sign up Get the Daily Afternoon Bulletin with a quick summary of the days biggest news at 4 p.m. Sign up here. Phillip Reese: 916-321-1137, @PhillipHReese About this story Figures for this story come from the U.S. Census Bureau Public Use Microdata Sample, a weighted collection of data taken each year from the American Community Survey. It was obtained through the Minnesota Population Center. The Census Bureau asks the people it surveys where they lived exactly 12 months ago, making it possible to determine if they moved in the last year. It also asks about their household income during the last 12 months and calculates poverty status based on their answer. The Bee combined answers to these questions to determine how many economically disadvantaged residents came and left California. Since the Census Bureau doesn’t ask exactly when during the last 12 months someone moved, poverty figures in the story may include income earned both in their old state and their new home. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field Pause 1:50 States Take Tougher Stance on Protests 0:36 A tale of two rental houses in Fort Worth 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 2:39 Guantánamo: Ready to grow Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 17 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 1:15 17 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 3:09 4 days ago Millennials ask: What's it like to retire? 1:50 5 days ago States Take Tougher Stance on Protests View more video National As his young son dies, a father tries to squeeze a lifetime into a few months Trump signs new anti-terror travel ban _without new fanfare Supreme Court won't say if trans teen can pick bathroom Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Families of 9/11 victims might soon get day in court against Saudi officials Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Dallas police looking for man who robbed bank in Uptown Wal-Mart Filed under Crime at 8 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Tom Steele, Breaking News Producer Connect with Tom Steele On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Dallas police are looking for a man who robbed a bank in Uptown Dallas over the weekend. (Dallas Police Department) Just after 2 p.m. Saturday, the robber walked into the First Convenience Bank inside the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in the 2300 block of North Central Expressway, near North Hall Street. He demanded cash from the tellers and ran off. The robber was described as a black man, 35 to 40 years old, about 5-7 and 160 pounds, with a shaved head. He was wearing a green short-sleeve shirt and blue jeans. Anyone with information about the robbery is asked to call Detective A. Winn at 214-797-0296. People who wish to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at 214-373-8477. Crime Stoppers is offering a reward of up to $5,000 for information that leads to an arrest and indictment in this case. View Comments Tags Crime Dallas Uptown Dallas Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Exxon pleases Trump with US$20b shale export building spree, said to create 45,000 jobs Darren Woods, Chairman & CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation speaks during a news conference at the New York Stock Exchange.PHOTO: REUTERS Published7 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4hqP Copy CHICAGO (BLOOMBERG) - Exxon Mobil Corp's US$20 billion (S$28.26 billion) building spree in the heart of the US chemical and refining industry will create 45,000 jobs and boost US efforts to feed Asian demand, the company's new leader said. President Donald Trump couldn't be happier. Following Chief executive officer Darren Woods's announcement of the projects on Monday (March 6), Trump described Exxon as a "true American success story" in a statement. The president followed up with a trademark tweet: "We are already winning again, America!" and a White House video. After decades of locating refineries and chemical plants close to raw materials and end markets in the Middle East and East Asia, Exxon is committed to steering construction dollars to its home country, Woods said at the CERAWeek energy conference in Houston. The plan involves 11 projects in the Gulf Coast region, some of which were in the works as far back as 2013. "These projects are export machines, generating products that high-growth nations need to support larger populations with higher standards of living," Woods said. "The supply is here; the demand is there. We want to keep connecting those dots." Exxon followed other US giants such as Ford Motor, Intel, General Motors and Wal-Mart Stores responding to Trump's call to eschew overseas investments and focus on domestic developments. Like those other plans, Exxon didn't specify how much of the 10-year investment programme was previously announced. All the jobs will be located along the Gulf Coast, and many will pay an average of US$100,000 a year, Woods said. The investments will continue at least through 2022, Woods said in only his second public appearance since January, when he succeeded Rex Tillerson, who left the CEO job to become Trump's secretary of state. Woods' comments followed Exxon's disclosure last week that it's shifting half its worldwide drilling budget to US shale fields next year. One of the projects includes the construction of an ethane cracker at Exxon's Baytown, Texas, chemical complex that began in June 2014 and was projected to employ 10,000 construction workers and spur 4,000 additional full-time positions. Another was the expansion of Exxon's Mont Belvieu, Texas, polyethylene plant, where work began around the same time. The company didn't say how much the investments would cost. "This is exactly the kind of investment, economic development and job creation that will help put Americans back to work," Trump said in a statement. "Many of the products that will be manufactured here in the United States by American workers will be exported to other countries, improving our balance of trade." Like Exxon bosses before him, in his remarks on Monday Woods championed "free and fair trade" as essential for economic growth and corporate profitability. That stance may veer from Trump's repeated criticisms of various international trade deals, including the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, as unfair and disadvantageous to US workers. Woods, a 52-year-old Exxon lifer, inherited a company hobbled by the biggest reserves reduction in its modern history and the loss of the platinum credit rating it held for 85 years as a 2 1/2-year collapse in crude markets destroyed cash flow. The expansion programme, dubbed "Growing the Gulf" by Exxon, hews close to Woods' pedigree as a quintessential downstream executive, or one who focused on refineries and chemicals for most of his career. Woods' comments at CERAWeek may presage major themes up for debate at the oil industry's biggest annual conference. He was preceded at the conclave by Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak; luminaries yet to appear during the week-long conference include Saudi Oil Minister Khalid Al-Falih, Opec secretary general Mohammad Barkindo, and the CEOs of Royal Dutch Shell, Chevron, Total and BP. Topics:  OIL AND GAS SECTOR DONALD TRUMP EMPLOYMENT/UNEMPLOYMENT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4hqP Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content ppr1_300x200.jpg Paya Lebar: past, present, future sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium cc_a125543_2017feb20_300x200_article1.jpg Kia Niro: The hybrid car to look out for in 2017 Shopping Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Get $10 coupon + 20X Rewards with Citi Rewards Card Get Your iPhone & Accessories at Attractive Prices Power Up Your Luck with These Accessories Today! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Features March 6, 2017 7:10 pm Updated: March 6, 2017 7:42 pm Alberta family honours grandmother with random acts of kindness: ‘spoil your favourite little people’ By Caley Ramsay Online Journalist  Global News WATCH ABOVE: A family trying to keep their Nan's memory alive is spreading her generosity through random acts of kindness to other Alberta families. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A random act of kindness, meant to honour a grandmother who passed away two years ago, helped make the day of a central Alberta man and his daughter over the weekend. Robin Folkins and his 11-year-old daughter, Rory, were heading home to Provost from Vermilion Sunday when they decided to pop into the Walmart in Wainwright. Rory had some leftover Christmas money and wanted to pick out a new toy. Story continues below Related Random act of kindness inspires Halifax man to encourage others to be kind Couple shovels out cars in random act of kindness Winnipeg sisters inspiring random acts of kindness by paying it forward When they got to the toy aisle, Rory noticed an envelope taped to one of the shelves. Written on the outside in big, black letters were the words “please take me.” Curious, Rory took the envelope to her dad. Inside the envelope he found a card with a woman’s picture on it. There was a short message written inside, along with $40. “Today is the day we lost our nan two years ago,” read the note. “We want to do a few good deeds in her memory. Our nan was a very special person, always willing to help out in any way. My nan’s favourite people in her life were the little people in her life. She had six grandkids, two sons, tons of nieces/nephews. She also fostered many kids through the years. “Take this money and spoil your favourite little people today!” So Folkins did just that. “My daughter, she’s 11 years old, and any little girl likes to spend money if they can. She was really excited. She was super excited and… I was kind of shocked. You don’t see this happen very often. I’ve never seen it happen myself,” Folkins said Monday. The outside of a card left at the Wainwright Walmart over the weekend, which helped make the day of a central Alberta father and his daughter. Courtesy, Robin Folkins A random note left at the Wainwright Walmart over the weekend helped make the day of a central Alberta father and his daughter. Courtesy, Robin Folkins READ MORE: ‘I noticed you left your lights on’: Edmonton Good Samaritan’s note goes viral After picking out a few toys, the pair had a bit of money left, so they decided to head to A&W for root beer floats. Folkins was extremely appreciative of the kind gesture and the fact he was able to share the special experience with his daughter. “You hear about people buying coffee at Tim Hortons for people behind them but something like this is quite different and she was just so excited about it,” Folkins said of his daughter. “She was absolutely thrilled that she got to be a part of something so special.” Rory with one of the toys she bought using the money inside the random act of kindness envelope. Courtesy, Robin Folkins “It was really nice because so often it’s just routine going from this to that or off to school. But to take the opportunity to say, ‘you know, somebody has gone to the effort, we actually are a part of this, so let’s do exactly what they want because that’s their wish. That’s how they want to remember their grandmother. So let’s respect that wish and enjoy ourselves.'” READ MORE: When was the last time you did a random act of kindness? When he got home, Folkins took to Facebook to share his experience in hopes the woman’s family would see his post and know the experience meant a lot to him and his daughter. “I just really want to let this family know that this has been found and what they asked has actually happened,” he said. “It’s such a special way to remember somebody who obviously meant so much to them. I think everybody’s lost somebody in their life but this is a pretty unique and special way to remember them.” READ MORE: Montreal mother gives away 2 Ariana Grande concert tickets in random act of kindness Folkins has learned who the woman was but hasn’t been in contact with any of her family. He has also learned similar notes were left at other Wainwright locations – one at the Tim Hortons and another at the Boston Pizza. Wainwright is located approximately 200 kilometres southeast of Edmonton. Follow @CaleyRamsay © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Alberta family Alberta grandmother Provost Random Act Of Kindness RAOK Vermilion Wainwright Walmart Editor's Picks Health Why are colon cancer rates in Gen Xers and millennials in Canada rising? Canada Reality check: Canada's economic growth lower than it looks World Canada braces for spring surge of asylum seekers Tech What you need to know about 'Cloudbleed,' the latest internet security bug Tech Who is responsible when a self-driving car crashes? Insurance companies aren't sure yet Asylum By boat, taxi and on foot, latest asylum seeker into Manitoba describes long journey Canada Oil will help Alberta's economy lead Canada in 2017. But that won't translate into more jobs FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now US Park Service photos challenge Donald Trump on inauguration crowd size 5092 Canadian tax deadline: 9 things you need to know 4877 Montreal woman denied entry to U.S., told she needs immigration visa 4707 Bill Paxton's official cause of death revealed 2689 97-year-old twin sisters freeze to death after falling just steps from Rhode Island home 1966 Sponsored content Popular Videos Calgary couple turned away from U.S. for pardoned criminal record WATCH NOW Remarkable Canadian invention helps physically challenged WATCH NOW 3 Alberta families issue warning to people buying puppies online WATCH NOW Man alleges he was mistreated by security at West Edmonton Mall WATCH NOW Denied access to US because of pot past WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Search continues: Community bands together to look for 'baby Noah' Monday Mar 6, 2017 at 3:18 PM Mar 6, 2017 at 3:36 PM Jose Quintero Staff Writer @dd_jquintero HESPERIA — Lizette Montoya said the past several days have been a nightmare she cannot wake up from. “It’s a terrible feeling,” Montoya told the Daily Press on Monday, moments before heading to the California Aqueduct to begin a sight search for 2-year-old Noah Abbott, who has been presumed dead since Thursday night. Noah’s body has been missing since the tragic collision that claimed the lives of his brother Jeremiah Abbott, 3, and their mother Christina Eileen Estrada, 31, of Hesperia, when their red Volkswagen convertible crashed through a fence on Main Street and into the California Aqueduct on Thursday night. Montoya, who is Estrada's aunt, held back tears Monday as she watched more than three dozen people gather in the parking lot of Wal-Mart in Hesperia for a sight search for her niece’s baby boy. The search was organized by several residents who have been following the story waiting to hear if “baby Noah” had been found. Cynthia Lea, one of the search’s organizers, was grateful Monday afternoon after seeing how many people showed up. “You hear so many negative things about the High Desert, but seeing this really shows just how much this community really sticks together in a time of need.” Lea said. “There is a baby boy whose body has not been recovered and his family is absolutely devastated by this. This community is devastated by this. Noah’s family needs peace and this is the best way we can help bring them closer to that.” Authorities said Estrada was pronounced dead at the scene at 7:47 p.m. Thursday after emergency personnel pulled her from the water. Emergency personnel also pulled Jeremiah from the water and transported him to Desert Valley Hospital. He was pronounced dead in the emergency department at 10:32 p.m. Upon arrival, authorities learned one child, identified as 10-year-old Elijah Estrada by family members, was pulled from the water by Dustin DeYoung and his father, who were driving by when they saw the Volkswagen crash into the aqueduct. Elijah informed deputies that there were three more people inside the vehicle before he was transported to Loma Linda University Medical Center, authorities said. Elijah suffered a gash on his head, but was recovering well and has since been released from the hospital, according to family members. Dive team members continued to search the aqueduct for Noah, but their efforts were suspended due to darkness and low visibility. The search resumed Friday morning after authorities stopped the flow of a portion of the California Aqueduct. But Friday’s search was postponed until Saturday before ultimately being called off. Authorities concluded the search due to zero visibility in the water for the divers and the team was removed from the water due to unsafe conditions Saturday afternoon. They had been searching the aqueduct for Noah from an area just north of the crash scene to roughly two miles south of Main Street. The sight search Monday took three large groups of people to various points along the aqueduct. Montoya and the rest of her family followed a large group that was assigned to a spot near Ranchero Road, just east of Cottonwood Avenue. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department officials say there is no update on the investigation into the crash, which remains ongoing. Hesperia Sheriff’s Station spokeswoman Jackie Chambers told the Daily Press the station is continuing its search for Noah. “Deputies and volunteers are conducting a foot patrol along the aqueduct searching the surface of the water,” Chambers said. “Also, checks are being done at several recovery points along the aqueduct. These searches will continue 24/7 until baby Noah is found.” Estrada’s cousin, Dominica Montoya, expressed her thanks for the support from complete strangers, adding that the roughest part of this tragedy is not knowing where Noah’s body is. “We can’t do anything as far as memorial services without Noah,” she said. “We are very thankful for all the support and prayers in this tragic time. My cousin was a great mother that loved her children.” Jose Quintero may be reached at 760-955-5332 or JQuintero@DesertDispatch.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DP_JoseQ. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Welcome to FIS   Sponsored By Subscribe to FIS | Register with FIS | Advertise with FIS | Newsletter | About FIS | Contact us Loading HOME World News Companies & Products Companies Directory Trading Market Shows & Fairs People With Opinion Market Monitor Market Prices Market Reports Aquaculture user pass Forgot your pass? Andres Loubet Jambert THE FALKLANDS CASE: What will the population do if BREXIT is voted? Over three weeks before the referendum deciding if the UK remains in the European Union (EU), th... - March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31     All Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Antarctica Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Belize Bolivia Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Cambodia Canada Cape Verde Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Erithrea Estonia European Union Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Guatemala Guinea-Bissau Guyana Honduras Hong Kong Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Latvia Lithuania Madagascar Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Pridnestrovie Puerto Rico Republic of Ireland Romania Russian Federation S. Georgia & S. Sandwich Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena and Ascension St. Vincent and Gren. Suriname Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Tonga Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United Nations United States Uruguay Venezuela Viet Nam Worldwide Worldwide Yemen Zambia Shrimp sorting. (Photo: SFP) SFP develops Asia shrimp and tilapia farmers' training project UNITED STATES Tuesday, March 07, 2017, 02:30 (GMT + 9) Sustainable Fisheries Partnership (SFP) has just wrapped up a major aquaculture training program in three different countries in Asia and the South Pacific, providing thousands of shrimp and tilapia farmers with modern training designed to improve the industry in these regions. Organizers initially expected the project, operating in Indonesia, Thailand, and China, to attract 12,500 farmers. By the December 31, 2016 finishing date, more than 15,000 farmers in all three countries had participated in the training. “This project has exceeded expectations because of the hard work of many committed partners to deliver improvements based on a detailed, local understanding of what farmers want,” said Anton Immink, SFP’s Aquaculture Director. “We recognize there is still a long way to go for many of these farmers, but we encourage others to actively engage in the improvements needed.” The program, funded with the support of Walmart Foundation and the Sustainable Trade Initiative (IDH) has led to improvements in environmental and disease management across shrimp and tilapia farms in all three countries. Ir. Rizal, head of the aquaculture unit of the Provincial Office of Marine and Fishery Affairs in Indonesia’s West Kalimantan province, said: “This training helped us improve the knowledge of traditional farmers in West Kalimantan to practice better farming. With better farming we hope that farmers can improve their shrimp and fish harvest.” Training topics included: Better aquaculture practices; better post-harvest practices; better business management; group formation and management; value of zonal management; Code of Good Practice in Aquaculture; ecological farming, health management, and market outlook. Sally Ananya, Director of The Food School, one of the partners in Thailand, said “The focus on smaller-scale producers and the specific inclusion of women in the training has been particularly valuable, as the contribution of these groups is often overlooked in projects aiming at improvements in shrimp farming.” For some farmers, including Chareon Yongstar of Thailand, the training served as an eye-opener. “I have learned so many practical best practices that I can apply at my farms,” he said. “But more importantly, the experience has raised more questions and made me realize how much more I don’t know. I hope there is a continuation of this program.” SFP will continue to work closely with the international buyers to understand how these producers fit into existing supplies or how some of them can continue the improvements they have started to become part of the international supply chain.   [email protected] www.fis.com  Print MORE NEWS Republic of Ireland Mar 7, 05:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Agri-food and fisheries must not be put at a disadvantage Canada Mar 7, 05:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Seafood industry seeks moratorium on new Nova Scotia plants United States Mar 7, 05:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Another Record Lobster Catch in Maine United States Mar 7, 05:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Commercial shrimp 'harbor' coming to Minnesota Luverne shrimp United States Mar 7, 02:30 (GMT + 9): SFP develops Asia shrimp and tilapia farmers' training project Australia Mar 7, 02:30 (GMT + 9): White spot disease infected farms complete treatment Spain Mar 7, 02:20 (GMT + 9): Lower fishing pressure contributes to Cantabrian seabed recovery Myanmar Mar 7, 02:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Bid to boost Myanmar shrimp trade begins United States Mar 7, 02:00 (GMT + 9): EN BREVE - Pacific Halibut season to open March 11 2017 at noon Australia Mar 7, 02:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Stay away from tuna farming sites India Mar 7, 02:00 (GMT + 9): IN BRIEF - Youth to be trained in aquaculture Algeria Mar 7, 02:00 (GMT + 9): Desert shrimp farm starts commercial production Colombia Mar 7, 01:10 (GMT + 9): Tilapia producers test draft biosecurity area management standard Brazil Mar 7, 00:50 (GMT + 9): Suitable microalgae identified to produce biofuels New Zealand Mar 6, 23:50 (GMT + 9): NZ King Salmon fast tracks new harvest process issues with US Lenguaje FEATURED EVENTS    TOP STORIES Anchovy biomass assessment starts Peru Production Minister Bruno Giuffra, in Callao, Friday announced the start of the scientific survey that will evaluate the biomass of the anchovy in order to start the first fishing season. Crozet toothfish fishery obtains MSC certification Réunion The members of the Reunion Freezer Longliner Syndicate obtained the Marine Stewardship Council certification for their Crozet fishery as part of their southern seas toothfish fishing activities. Balfegó calls for bluefin tuna legal certainty and 'coherent management' Spain Balfegó Group rejects the pressures of the Canary Islands' fleet to change the allocation of bluefin tuna catches and calls on the Government to ensure the "legal certainty" of companies and vessels with rights in this fishery. Shrimp farmers urge deputies to approve trawling bill Costa Rica Representatives of the shrimp fishing sector grouped in organizations of fishermen of the Pacific and Caribbean coasts have asked the deputies of Costa Rica to approve a bill that would reactivate trawling in the country.   Copyright 1995 - 2017 Fish Info & Services Co.Ltd| All Rights Reserved.   DISCLAIMER  
Contests e-Edition Obits 2° Mostly cloudy Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Real Estate Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds BC Jobs CrowdFunding Connect with Us     Community Working for recognition From right: Ashlynn Kumar, Ashley Dana and Aaron Chamberlist all have regular employment at local businesses through the help of Milieu Family Services. — image credit: Boaz Joseph photos / The Leader    posted Mar 6, 2017 at 1:00 PM Ashlynn Kumar is a people-greeter at the new Walmart in Surrey’s Central City shopping complex. She was there at the beginning, just over year ago before it opened, wearing a hard hat and steel-toed boots as things were being organized. Today, the 27-year-old works part-time, three or four days a week, welcoming customers and checking the purchases of those leaving the store. This is Kumar’s first job and she’s taking it seriously. “We do try to explain to them that it’s our job and we have to check the receipts,” she says. Aaron Chamberlist, 28, works at a Starbucks coffee shop in North Delta. He likes cars – a lot – and makes notes of details about them. “I collect them in my head,” he says. Between cleaning and stocking the coffee shop’s shelves, he often chats with customers about the kind of car they’re driving. And he never forgets their names. Less than a block away, in a pink T-shirt, Ashley Dana, 19, is the first person customers may see at a Vancity bank. “My position is called administrator. I do filing, mainly up at the front.” She’s honed her stills on the job. “They show you how to do it, so I just learned from that. When you start, it seems confusing, but after a while, it’s really straightforward.” All three have found employment through the Milieu Family Services’ employment program. The social service provider, in business since 1989, has offices in North Delta and Fleetwood and assists people with developmental disabilities. While the Fleetwood location has community inclusion programs and social and recreational activities, the more job-focused North Delta office has been responsible for finding career opportunities for 15 people over the last three years. Milieu employment specialist Veronica Cowan (left) says the first step with new clients is evaluation. “We find out where their employment skills are and we have workshops where they learn employment skills – simple skills like getting up on time and being organized the night before.” The prospective workers are often taken through several weeks of work training – often at retail locations such as Shoppers Drug Mart. Assessment of their job skills continues. “I’ll use Ashley as an example,” says Cowan. “She’s got great people skills, she has great organization skills...” Cowan turns to Chamberlist, the café lobby attendant: “He’s great with people. He knows what kind of car they drive, what colour it is, what they like to drink... He does his job very well and has a memory like an elephant.” While all three employees live at home, their jobs give them some newfound independence. Dana even pays partial rent at home. “I pay not the full thing, but I give some money.” The workers who have gone through the Milieu program receive the same wages and benefits as their co-workers at their respective employers. Cowan has worked for years developing relationships with local businesses, synchronizing their needs with the skills of the job-seekers in Milieu’s program. Sometimes, she can walk in and talk to the manager of a small store for a chat, and other times, she meanders through head-office bureaucracy early in the process. The Walmart job for Kumar, for instance, was 1.5 years in the making. “It has to be a value for both (sides),” she says, adding that the program should be looked at as a partnership. “With Milieu, we’re about employment, we’re not about volunteer or work experience. We tell the employers that we’re a value to the employer. This isn’t a charity.” Cowan adds that in general, employers are simply not informed about what people with developmental disabilities can offer. “They are highly employable,” she says. For more information about Milieu, visit facebook.com/MilieuFamilyServices/ We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories Cheerleading, Muay Thai get provisional IOC recognition (December 06, 2016) As 'Patriots Day' opens, officer's family seeks recognition (December 21, 2016) Kremlin defends its recognition of Ukraine rebel passports (February 20, 2017) LETTERS: More worthy of recognition (April 21, 2016) Peace Arch Hospital donors receive recognition (October 14, 2016) Federal photo-matching scheme quietly singles out passport fraudsters (June 08, 2016) Third time may be the charm for Manitoba bid to get UNESCO title for forest (January 29, 2017) 'Braveheart' screenwriter working on 'The Passion' sequel (June 10, 2016) You might like ... Community Events, March 2017 Add an Event Click here to place a job ad or call us at 1-855-678-7833 Peace Arch News Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Real Estate Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs Featured News Kelowna News About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2017  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes 3:14 A.M. ET Worldpay swings to profit, guidance unchanged 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Don’t quit your job if you work in 1 of these 5 industries Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Partners Announces Two New Pad Developments - Place Desormeaux and Mariner Square By Published: Mar 6, 2017 3:37 p.m. ET Share TORONTO, ONTARIO, Mar 06, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - March 6, 2017) - Partners Real Estate Investment Trust (the "REIT," or "Partners") (PAR.UN) is pleased to announce that that the REIT is proceeding with the development of two new pad sites in its portfolio. Mariner Square is a 9 year old 100,000 square foot retail property in Campbell River BC anchored by Save-On Foods (Overwaitea Food Group), BC Liquor and London Drugs, along with a freestanding Starbucks. The REIT will be proceeding with the development of a vacant pad site for a 6,126 square foot building which has been 100% pre-leased to two tenants: FYidoctors who is Canada's largest optical retailer with over 260 locations across Canada (https:fyidoctors.com) An office for Vancouver Island Insurance Centres Inc. who is already established in the community Place Desormeaux is a 250,000 square foot enclosed shopping centre in the community of Longueuil QC anchored by Walmart and Super C (Metro) grocery store. The REIT was the successful bidder in an RFP process to build a new 4,055 square foot location for the Société des alcools du Québec (SAQ). The SAQ is the first stage of the eventual re-development of Place Desormeaux. The developments at both Mariner Square and Place Desormeaux will open to the public in the fourth quarter of 2017. The investment in both properties total $3 million and will be accretive to the REIT. About Partners REIT Partners REIT is a growth-oriented real estate investment trust focused on the expansion and management of a portfolio of 35 retail and mixed-use community and neighbourhood shopping centres. These properties are located in both primary and secondary markets across British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec, and comprise a total of approximately 2.5 million square feet of leasable space. Disclaimer Certain statements included in this press release constitute forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, those identified by the expressions "expect," "will" and similar expressions to the extent they relate to Partners REIT. The forward- looking statements are not historical facts but reflect Partners REIT's current expectations regarding future results or events. These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations, including access to capital, regulatory approvals, intended acquisitions and general economic and industry conditions. Although Partners REIT believes that the assumptions inherent in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and, accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements due to the inherent uncertainty therein. Partners REIT Investor Relations 1 (844) 474-9620 ext. 401 investor.relations@partnersreit.com Partners REIT Jane Domenico Chief Executive Officer (416) 855-3313 ext. 501 © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
7NEWS Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Updated Forecast 7-Day Interactive Radar Radar & Maps Futurecast School Closings Weather Science Be Ozone Aware Weather Alerts Storm Shield Storm Watch Weather Videos Storm Shield Plus Consumer + Debbie's Deals ShopSmart Money Recalls Financial Fitness Zone Science & Tech Managing Your Money Spelling Bee Traffic + Gas Prices I-25 Cams I-70 Cams Driving you crazy Health + Staying Healthy Flu Guide Whats Going Around Basics of Babies New Year Heart The Senior Resource Center Ask a Health Expert News + Local News National Denver7 Investigates Politics Unplugged Politics DecodeDC Trending The NOW Denver Archive News Tips Marijuana Denver News Podcast Election 2016 Domestic Violence Election Results Entertainment + Celebrity News TV Listings Contests Crossword Sudoku Horoscope The List Lifestyle + Pets Travel Discover Colorado Food Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Real Estate Video + Live Video Recent Videos Right This Minute YouTube Channel Newsy Photos + Recent Galleries Your Photos Submit Photos Sports + Broncos Avalanche Nuggets Rockies Fishing Colorado Orange First College Sports Community + Community Events Celebrate Colorado Making Things Possible Rachel's Challenge Books for Kids 7Everyday Hero Special Olympics 7NEWS Book Club 7Readers are Leaders Holiday Heroes Marketplace + Insights into Insurance Tailgate Grilling Academy Mile High Living Healthy Living Tips New Year New You About + Contact Us News Team Mobile RSS Feeds Advertise Support Current 26° Mostly clear 3-Day Forecast HI: 52° LO: 20° HI: 65° LO: 28° HI: 70° LO: 32° Full Forecast Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 17 Weather Alerts Fire Weather Warning issued March 6 at 6:03PM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Adams, Arapahoe, Boulder, Broomfield, Denver, Douglas, Elbert, Jefferson, Larimer, Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Phillips, Sedgwick, Washington, Weld High Wind Warning issued March 6 at 7:49PM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Boulder, Larimer Fire Weather Warning issued March 6 at 11:33AM MST expiring March 7 at 6:00PM MST in effect for: Cheyenne, Kit Carson, Yuma Fire Weather Warning issued March 6 at 7:04PM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Crowley, El Paso, Fremont, Huerfano, Kiowa, Otero, Prowers, Pueblo Fire Weather Warning issued March 6 at 3:35PM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Larimer, Weld Fire Weather Warning issued March 6 at 3:35PM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Adams, Arapahoe, Boulder, Broomfield, Denver, Douglas, Elbert, Jefferson, Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Phillips, Sedgwick, Washington, Weld Fire Weather Warning issued March 6 at 4:47AM MST expiring March 6 at 9:00PM MST in effect for: Crowley, El Paso, Huerfano, Kiowa, Otero, Prowers, Pueblo Fire Weather Warning issued March 5 at 3:08PM MST expiring March 6 at 7:00PM MST in effect for: Fremont, Pueblo Fire Weather Warning issued March 6 at 2:52PM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Crowley, El Paso, Huerfano, Kiowa, Otero, Prowers, Pueblo Fire Weather Warning issued March 6 at 2:52PM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Fremont, Pueblo Fire Weather Watch issued March 6 at 5:44AM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Adams, Arapahoe, Boulder, Broomfield, Denver, Douglas, Elbert, Jefferson, Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Phillips, Sedgwick, Washington, Weld Fire Weather Watch issued March 6 at 5:34AM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Adams, Arapahoe, Boulder, Broomfield, Denver, Douglas, Elbert, Jefferson, Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Phillips, Sedgwick, Washington, Weld Fire Weather Watch issued March 6 at 5:34AM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Adams, Arapahoe, Boulder, Broomfield, Denver, Douglas, Elbert, Jefferson, Lincoln, Logan, Morgan, Phillips, Sedgwick, Washington, Weld Fire Weather Watch issued March 6 at 4:47AM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Crowley, El Paso, Huerfano, Kiowa, Otero, Prowers, Pueblo High Wind Watch issued March 6 at 4:16AM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Boulder, Larimer High Wind Watch issued March 6 at 4:16AM MST expiring March 7 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Clear Creek, Douglas, Gilpin, Jefferson, Park Fire Weather Watch issued March 6 at 4:13AM MST expiring March 7 at 6:00PM MST in effect for: Cheyenne, Kit Carson, Yuma 17 Weather Alerts Breaking News Logan Co. fire estimated at 30K acres Trying to buy a Nintendo Switch in Denver? Good luck with that Robert Garrison 1:47 PM, Mar 6, 2017 denver | sale | online | purchase | stock Share Article NEW YORK, NY - MARCH 3: The new Nintendo Switch game console is displayed at a pop-up Nintendo venue in Madison Square Park, March 3, 2017 in New York City. The Nintendo Switch console goes on sale today and retails for 300 dollars. (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) Drew Angerer Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next DENVER -- The latest and greatest gaming console from Nintendo was just released Friday, but getting your hands on one in Denver is proving difficult. Every retailer Denver7 contacted -- Best Buy, Walmart, Target and Game Stop -- was out of stock of the elusive Nintendo Switch. In fact, many answered the phone stating that they were indeed sold out. The Nintendo Switch is a hybrid game machine that works as both a console at home and a tablet on the go. It retails for $299. If you just have to have one, there are options out there. A check of Craigslist found several of the consoles for sale, but you are going to pay a premium. The lowest asking price we saw was around $400. Your best bet is to keep checking the available inventory at a retailer’s website. Game Stop told us that customers can visit any Denver-area store and order one online, but it won’t be shipped until April 16. --------- Sign up for Denver7 email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines. Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps for iPhone/iPads, Android and Kindle. Or, keep up-to-date by following Denver7 on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Video Weather Traffic Consumer Sports Entertainment MarketplaceSupport 7NEWS & TheDenverChannel.com Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs News Staff Debbie's Deals TV Listings 7Everyday Hero Community Mile High Living RSS KMGH FCC Profile The Now Contests Mobile Apps 7NEWS Denver iPhone | iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhone | iPadAndroid Laff Network Stay Connected  facebook twitter instagram youtube Email Alerts Google+ Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. 4 Scams You Should Always Be Aware Of Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share 4 Scams You Should Always Be Aware Of Image courtesy of frankieleon March 6, 2017 2:50 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler federal trade commission fraud ftc national consumer protection week scams schemer the more you know In honor of National Consumer Protection Week — don’t worry; we forgot to get you a gift too — we wanted to take a few moments to remind everyone of some of the most common scams so that they can do their best to avoid them. While scams come in all shapes and sizes, here are four big ones that never seem to go out of style, no matter how often folks are warned about them. 1. Lottery Scam Lottery scams often take on different forms: In some cases, a fraudster will call or mail information to a consumer claiming to be a government official, informing victims that they’ve won a federally supervised lottery or sweepstakes. In order to obtain the prize, these schemers will require the victim to provide a payment covering taxes or fees in order to received the supposedly won funds. To state the obvious, however, there is no lottery. There’s just a large pool of people in Jamaica trained to work in call centers servicing the United States and Canada who figured out that scamming people was much more lucrative than collecting an hourly wage. Just last month, federal prosecutors indicted a Florida man for his part in a Jamaican lottery scam, collecting payments ranging from a wire transfer of $150 to a cashier’s check sent to him through the mail for $12,500. Prosecutors say that he would keep a portion of the payments and send the rest on to his accomplices in Jamaica. 2. The Grandparent Scam There’s no love like that of a grandparent. And fraudsters aren’t above taking advantage of that. In the long-used Grandparent’s scam a victim will receive a call from someone claiming to be a grandchild or family member in trouble, requesting money. These schemers sometimes use information from social networking sites, or hack into your loved one’s email account, to make the farce seem more real. The fraudsters will then ask the target to provide them with funds either through wire transfer or prepaid gift cards, sometimes to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollars. Thankfully, the scam — and its other variations, which include fake grandkids asking for pricey bail to get out of prison abroad or debt collectors claiming children will be arrested if debts aren’t paid — has received some attention and many retail workers have been successful in preventing the fraud. For example, in January a Walmart employee stopped an elderly couple from losing $2,500 to the scam. Back in 2014, a group of nurses stopped grandparents from wiring thousands of dollars to scammers. 3. Tech Support Scams If a window pops up on your computer alerting you that your device has been compromised by a malware attack and offers to fix the problem by calling a toll-free number, there’s a good chance it’s a scam. In the second variation, a scammer will claim to be able to fix your device if you pay hundreds or thousand of dollars for special software. These schemes have bilked millions of dollars from consumers concerned about the health of their devices and the information stored within. Last October, the FTC shut down a Missouri-based operation that used pop-up alerts to scare people into thinking their computers were hacked. Before that in July 2016, feds halted an international support operation that allegedly relied on a combination of deceptive online ads and misleading, high-pressure sales tactics to frighten consumers into spending hundreds of dollars for dubious computer “repairs” and antivirus software. But there is some good news on the tech scam front: In May 2016, Microsoft — feeling burned too many times by scams — banned third-party tech support ads in Bing search results. 4. Tax Scams ‘Tis the season for tax scams. There are no shortage of schemers trying to get their hands on tax dollars — whether it be an imposter claiming to be with the Internal Revenue Service demanding payment for overdue tax debts or fraudsters filing returns in others’ names to get their hands on returns. The first tax scam involves someone calling victims claiming to be with the IRS and informing consumers they have an outstanding tax debt that must be paid or they’ll find themselves in jail. Similar to the grandparent’s scam, these ne’er-do-wells will often tell a target to purchase prepaid gift cards — usually of the iTunes variety — and then call back with the cards’ codes. One recently uncovered scam involved an Indian call center where workers were able to collect up to $225,000 each day pretending to from the IRS. Federal authorities arrested dozens of people in the U.S. and India for allegedly scamming tens of thousands of consumers out of millions of dollars through the sophisticated call center scheme. Other tax-time scams involve schemers filing fraudulent tax returns in other consumers’ names sometimes with information they’ve gathered by illegally accessing companies’ W-2 databases or using the “Boss Scam” or “CEO Scam,” in which a fraudster contacts someone inside a business, pretending to be the CEO or other executive asking for personal information about employees. With consumers bringing home hundreds, if not thousands of dollars in refunds each year, this is big business. In fact, the “Boss Scam” brought in an estimated $2.3 million in just three years, the FBI reported in 2016. Last month, two women were charged with filing more than 850 fraudulent tax returns worth $2.78 million from 2012 to 2015. While the FTC and other organizations will spend the week highlighting different scams affecting consumers, there are permanent resources available. The FTC offers a consumer information website with details how to avoid and detect scam, how to report them, and other actions consumers can take to avoid becoming the victim of fraudsters. Was this helpful? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. March 6, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler federal trade commission fraud ftc national consumer protection week scams schemer the more you know Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Complaints Abound Consumers Lost $1.7B To Scams In 2014, Imposter Crimes On The Rise scamalamadingdong Organization Promising Fraud Protection Scams $20 Million From Senior Citizens Lookin' Out For The Consumer FTC Rolls Out Interactive Resource For Victims Of Identity Theft Getting To The Bottom Consumer, Privacy Groups Urge Federal Regulators To Investigate T-Mobile/Experian Hack scamalamadingdong Authorities Arrest Owner, Six Employees Of Debt Collection Group That Scammed $4.1M From Consumers Previous Peeps Oreos & 7 Other Things That Turn Your Poop Strange Colors Next Is Your Local RadioShack Store Closing Soon? Let Us Know Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Is Your Local RadioShack Store Closing Soon? Let Us Know Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Photos Hot Bodies Candid Red Carpet Sightings Most Important People Crap We Missed Bikinis Advertisement Share < br />this article: Advertisement Emma Watson Defends Her Tits Carmen Ribecca @photochrist | March 6, 2017 - 3:00 pm Share < br />this article: Advertisement “Now she’s touching them and opening her mouth?! Bitch is bipolar!” – Fuckboys Just mentioning the word “feminism” sends a certain kind of dude into a rage-frenzy that he normally reserves for when a Walmart cashier speaks to another customer in Spanish. So as soon as Emma Watson started advocating that other dudes should distance themselves from that kind of behavior – AKA started her own Cuck Factory – it was open season on everything she does for the rest of her life. Cut to #UnderTitGate in which people interpreted Emma Watson artfully exposing part of her boobs as her saying, “All that shit I said about equality before? Fuck all that because TITTIES!” So now she has to make another statement about it because somehow Emma Watson forgot that engaging with the internet is like struggling to get out of quicksand made out of lonely turds. Via Reuters: “It just always reveals to me how many misconceptions and what a misunderstanding there is about what feminism is,” she said in an interview with Reuters. “Feminism is about giving women choice. Feminism is not a stick with which to beat other women with. It’s about freedom, it’s about liberation, it’s about equality. I really don’t know what my tits have to do with it. It’s very confusing. “I’m confused. Most people are confused. No, I’m just always just quietly stunned.” I’m confused by a lot of things, but this one is crystal clear to me. Certain people are awful shitbags, and no matter what good intentions you have, they’re always going to find fault with them. Granted, that is almost 99% of what we do here, but we usually aim our cynicism at targets like Kim Kardashian or Lindsay Lohan. Not the girl who was in a bunch of children’s fantasy films and is suggesting men and women should be nice to each other. So if seeing part of her boob made you feel justified in attacking her, just repeat that back to yourself and let it sink in for a minute. “I saw her tits. I hate her now.” Might be time for some counseling, chief. *high fives Fish, scratches ‘virtue signal to feminists we hope to bang’ off To-Do list, sits back, waits* THE SUPERFICIAL | About • Facebook • Twitter Photo: Getty Advertisement Tags: Beauty and the Beast, Emma Watson 22 Advertisement Comments Comments Show the rest of the comments Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Must Read Danny Masterson Handled That Rape Stuff Well (He Didn't) Emma Watson Defends Her Tits Ben Affleck & Jennifer Lopez Are Back Together? F*ck It, Why Not? Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoice Copyright © 2017 THESUPERFICIAL | A PRODUCTION OF NIBBLE, FORMERLY A CONSUMED MEDIA WEBSITE   Close   Username Password Remember me   Not a member? Sign Up / Forgot your password? Sign in with Facebook   Email Username Password Confirm Password Sign in with Facebook Already a member? Sign In   Please enter your account email address, we'll send you an email with instructions to reset your password: Cancel
Latest  Far West Chateau Sandbox 3-2-2017 South Bay Community Calendar 3-2-2017 Letters to the Editor 3-2-2017 SBBC Becker Surf contest photo gallery by Steve Gaffney The evolution of Britt’s BBQ Redondo Beach mayoral candidates offer angles on leadership Sandbox: Measure C will prevent the Redondo waterfront from turning into another Santa Monica [OPINION] Twitter Facebook RSS Home News Manhattan Beach Hermosa Beach Redondo Beach El Segundo Palos Verdes RSS Feed Redondo Beach mayoral candidates offer angles on leadership   by David Mendez Steve Aspel and Bill Brand are leading the race, aligned… Hermosa Beach police beat Burglary suspects arrested Hermosa Beach police officers arrested three people this week suspected of… Win or lose, Ungoco plans to be a fixture in Manhattan Beach politics by Ryan McDonald   In his relatively short time in Manhattan Beach, Joseph Ungoco… Sports Advertise with Us Best of the Beach Survey Business Directory Contact Us Digital Downloads Digital Magazine Flipbooks Drop Zone Easy Reader News in your Inbox Easy Reader Pick-up Locations Events Calendar Open House Directory Open Houses Facebook Comments FAQ Frank Hallstein, Sr. was long Hermosa Beach locksmith Hermosa Beach Real Estate Manhattan Beach Real Estate Obituary Announcement Form Order Cancelled Peninsula People Photo Archive Photo Contest Privacy Policy Proofed Images Real Estate Listings & Homes For Sale Redondo Beach Real Estate Search Results Shopping Cart Site Map Terms of Service Thanks Wedding Announcement Form Calendar RSS Feed Beach Cities Sports: Running, swimming, volleyball, wrestling and more Wrestling: Two Mira Costa wrestlers will be competing at the CIF State Championships Friday… Redondo Union, beaten soundly by Damien, still has hopes for state tourney by Paul Teetor There was only one good thing to say after the Redondo… Redondo swims to school’s first CIF title in girls water polo By Randy Angel The final chapter of the storybook season enjoyed by Redondo’s girls… Surfing Drop Zone El Niño 2016 Endless Session RSS Feed SBBC Becker Surf contest photo gallery by Steve Gaffney Surfers in the South Bay Boardriders Club Becker Surf contest made generally weak waves look good. Or maybe it was photographer Steve Gaffney who made the waves look good.… South Bay Boardriders Becker Surf contest in Manhattan Beach tests small wave surfing The decision to hold the SBBC Becker Surf Contest proved to be the right one, despite the small surf, which was blamed on the "Balzer Curse." Just days before the contest Balzer resigned as contest director from the club he founded in 2009. … Love Started With a Trip: A Week of Surf and Stories in Nicaragua by Morgan Sliff Love can be felt in many contexts.  Its sensations aren’t just… Dining Dining Guide Food & Drink Events alcohol craft beer Dining Farmers Market RSS Feed The evolution of Britt’s BBQ There are TV shows that involve inside looks at restaurant and hotel operations, and… Laurel Tavern keeps it simple: sandwiches, sides, and beers Twenty five years after they were invented, gastropubs are an institution rather than a… BEER BROS: Keepin’ it gangster, Rob Rubens Distillery and Brewery bottle release No secret passwords are necessary for Rob Rubens Distillery and Brewery speakeasy themed tasting… Entertainment No categories RSS Feed The Youngest Wraps Up West Coast Tour in Long Beach By Whitney Youngs “Central time will put you roughly in the right area,” explains… South Bay Contemporary heads North Beyond the Bubble Two South Bay artists set up shop on the other side… Jump on it! South Bay Film Society screens “Donald Cried” “Donald Cried” – film review by Bondo Wyszpolski Since it regularly sells out three… Opinion No categories RSS Feed Sandbox 3-2-2017 Sandbox Yes on C stops Mall by the Sea by Martin Holmes President, Rescue… Letters to the Editor 3-2-2017 H for the Homeless Dear ER: I write to ask for support for Measure… Sandbox: Measure C will prevent the Redondo waterfront from turning into another Santa Monica [OPINION] by Bill Brand Bill Brand is a Redondo Beach Councilman and candidate for mayor… Photos Video Events Open Houses Milestones Obituaries Best of the Beach 2017 Events Arts Events Chamber Events Comedy Events Farmers Market Film Events Food & Drink Events Music Sporting Events Advertisement  Added on March 6, 2017  Judy Rae  sandbox Sandbox 3-2-2017 Decrease Font Size Increase Font Size Text Size Print This Page Send by Email Sandbox Yes on C stops Mall by the Sea by Martin Holmes President, Rescue Our Waterfront The City of Redondo Beach is giving away our harbor for 99 years to build a risky, $400 million mall. If it succeeds, residents lose because traffic doubles adding 12,550 cars trips per day. If it fails, the City is stuck with a bankrupt mall to maintain. This is a lose-lose for residents. The City forfeits $3 million of annual harbor profit today for $250,000 annually from CenterCal. If the mall is successful, the City won’t make a profit for 16 to 23 years. If it is less successful, the City won’t see a profit ever.  CenterCal CEO Fred Bruning testified they have 65 Letters of Intent. Rent could increase to $10 a square foot per month. Most business pay $2 a square foot today and do not have a Letter of Intent – they may be forced to close.  Do you really think this mall will survive 99 years? If the mall succeeds, we still lose on quality of life. It doubles traffic with 12,550 additional daily car trips. The 524,000 square foot project is the size of five Walmarts (average 105,000 square feet). It builds a 700-seat movie theater, 120 room boutique hotel, over 100 stores and restaurants, and an additional 272,000 square foot parking garage. Although it doubles development, it only adds 7 percent more parking. If that’s not enough, the mall isn’t safe. The project paves over one-third of Seaside Lagoon, opening it to dangerously polluted harbor water deemed unhealthy by Heal the Bay and an independent water quality engineer. It builds a boat ramp at the most dangerous location in the harbor, a location opposed by harbor safety officials. It forces bicyclists to cross busy mall roads three times in a quarter of a mile. We can do better.  Yes on C establishes common-sense regulations to protect our quality of life and revitalize our waterfront. ·         Requires an accurate traffic analysis, preventing further gridlock ·         Protects public views ·         Prevents paving over public parkland ·         If changes are required to Seaside Lagoon, it ensures a safe replacement for our kids ·         Requires a safe, proper sized boat ramp, saving lives ·         Requires adequate parking and access for harbor recreation ·         Prohibits a giant parking garage in Ruby’s parking lot and new connector road Don’t believe $450,000 worth of CenterCal lies. Measure C won’t cost taxpayers $200 million and doesn’t require a $25 million pool. The city admitted there’s no factual basis for these fantasy costs. We don’t need a risky mall in order to upgrade our infrastructure and revitalize the pier. The two developers who competed against CenterCal both presented lower density, higher quality projects. There are many alternatives to fund balanced revitalization. A city consultant testified existing profit from the Harbor Enterprise can finance $54 million of infrastructure upgrades. The boat ramp can be funded by state grants since it meets state standards. Meanwhile commercial improvements can be funded through a public-private partnership. What’s our 2020 vision for a better Redondo waterfront? This is our only opportunity in 100 years to create the Redondo coastline we want. We should combine the pier, harbor, and power plant to develop a world-class waterfront, blending low-density commercial development with recreationally focused activities. If you spread the cost and revenue over a larger area, you can reduce density and still achieve a prosperous development. Whether we take a holistic or piecemeal approach, Measure C fosters a public-private partnership with countless options for responsible revitalization. Yes on C protects our quality of life by implementing common-sense regulations for waterfront improvements that don’t cost taxpayers anything.   Yes on C stops the Mall by the Sea! comments so far. Comments posted to EasyReaderNews.com may be reprinted in the Easy Reader print edition, which is published each Thursday. by Judy Rae Website You must be logged in to post a comment Login Advertisement Advertisement Tags Art Barfly Beach Volleyball Best of the Beach Best of the Beach 2013: Dining Best of the Beach 2014 Best of the Beach 2014: Dining Best of the Beach 2015 Best of the Beach 2015 Dining best of the beach 2016 Best of the Beach: Dining Blue Zones Project Business Crime DBA Dirty Hippie Drop Zone Drop Zone LA El Segundo Endless Session feature Hermosa Beach High School Sports international surf festival Letters Letters to the Editor Manhattan Beach Movie Reviews Music Neely on Reels newsletter Notice On Local Government Palos Verdes People Public Notice Redondo Beach Restaurant Reviews running South Bay South Bronx to South Bay Theater the Nightlife Torrance Water Sports Top ↑ Sections Beach Magazine Dining Diving El Niño 2016 Endless Session Entertainment Events Legal Notices News Obituaries Opinion Paid Content Peninsula People Photos Sports Surfing Video Subscribe to our daily newsletter Daily News and Weekly Entertainment & Dining News delivered right to your inbox. We will never share your address. • Please enter your address, • Choose which newsletters you'd like to receive, • Select your preferred format, • Click Subscribe. Email Address Easy Reader Newsletters Daily News Weekly Entertainment & Dining News Preferred Format HTML Text More Search issues 1999-2009 Contact Us Pick-up Locations Advertise Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Digital Magazine Flipbooks ↑ Easy Reader News Log in - Designed by Jared Thompson  
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: EPA•Social Media•COLA•Workforce•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Sports News Home » The Associated Press » Sports News » LPGA Tour Schedule LPGA Tour Schedule By The Associated Press and The Associated Press March 6, 2017 3:09 pm 2 min read Share Jan. 26-29 — Pure Silk-Bahamas LPGA Classic (Brittany Lincicome) Feb. 16-19— ISPS Handa Women’s Australian Open (Ha Na Jang) Feb. 23-26 — Honda LPGA Thailand (Amy Yang) Federal employee bill tracker: How pending legislation could affect your bottom line March 2-5 — HSBC Women’s Champions (Inbee Park) Advertisement March 16-19 — Bank of Hope Founders Cup, JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort and Spa (Wildfire GC), Phoenix March 23-26 — Kia Classic, Park Hyatt Aviara Resort Golf Club and Spa, Carlsbad, Calif. March 30-April 2 — ANA Inspiration, Mission Hill CC, Rancho Mirage, Calif. April 13-16 — LOTTE Championship, Ko Olina GC, Kapolei, Hawaii April 27-30 — Volunteers of America Texas Shootout, Las Colinas CC, Irving, Texas May 4-7 — Lorena Ochoa Match Play, Club de Golf Mexico, Mexico City May 18-21 — Kingsmill Championship, Kingsmill Resort (River Course), Williamsburg, Va. May 25-28 — LPGA Volvik Championship, Travis Pointe CC, Ann Arbor, Mich. June 2-4 — ShopRite LPGA Classic, Stockton Seaview Hotel and GC, Galloway, N.J. June 8-11 — Manulife LPGA Classic, Whistle Bear GC, Cambridge, Ontario June 15-18 — Meijer Classic, Blythefield CC, Grand Rapids, Mich. June 23-25 — Walmart NW Arkansas Championship, Pinnacle CC, Rogers, Ark. June 29-July 2 — KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, Olympia Fields CC (North Course), Olympia Fields, Ill. July 6-9 — Thornberry Creek LPGA Classic, Thornberry Creek at Oneida, Oneida, Wis. July 13-16 — U.S. Women’s Open, Trump National GC, Bedminster, N.J. July 20-23 — Marathon Classic, Highland Meadows GC, Sylvania, Ohio. July 27-30 — Aberdeen Asset Managment Ladies Scottish Open, Dundonald Links, North Ayrshire, Scotland Aug. 3-6 — Ricoh Women’s British Open, Kingsbarns Golf Links, Fife, Scotland Aug. 18-20 — Solheim Cup, Des Moines Golf and CC, Des Moines, Iowa Aug. 24-27 — Canadian Pacific Women’s Open, The Ottawa Hunt and GC, Ottawa, Ontario Aug. 31-Sept. 3 — Cambia Portland (Ore.) Classic, Columbia Edgewater CC Sept. 7-10 — Indy Women in Tech, Brickyard Crossing GC, Indianapolis Sept. 14-17 — The Evian Championship, Evian Resort GC, Evian-les-Bains, France Sept. 28-Oct. 1 — McKayson New Zealand Women’s Open, Windross Farm Golf Course, Auckland Oct. 5-8 — Alisports Reignwood, Pine Valley GC, Beijing Oct. 12-15 — KEB-Hana Bank Championship, Sky 72 GC (Ocean Course), Incheon, South Korea Oct. 19-22 — Swinging Skirts LPGA Taiwan Championship, Taipei Oct. 26-29 Sime Darby LPGA Malaysia, TPC Kuala Lumpur Nov. 3-5 — TOTO Japan Classic, Taiheyo Club (Minori Course), Ibaraki, Japan Nov. 8-11 — Blue Bay LPGA, Jian Lake Blue Bay GC, Hainan Island, China Nov. 16-19 — CME Group Tour Championship, Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort (Tiburon GC), Naples, Fla. Topics: All News Sports News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Sports News » LPGA Tour Schedule Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1902: Permanent U.S. Census Bureau established Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day Boiling snow during winter exercises Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Recommended EPA leaders, advocates urge Trump administration to reconsider cuts to budget and workforce Top Story What does a 10 percent budget cut look like for your agency? Management Army seeks help to guard against fake social media accounts Reporter's Notebook DHS finalizing best practices for notifying victims of major cyber breaches Cybersecurity Congress keeping watchful eye over DoD’s electronic health record roll out Defense THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 06, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6779 -0.0069 1.39% L 2020 25.1021 -0.0247 2.42% L 2030 27.8223 -0.0452 3.47% L 2040 29.8837 -0.0585 3.99% L 2050 17.0998 -0.0389 4.47% G Fund 15.2513 0.0030 0.38% F Fund 17.5012 0.0043 0.94% C Fund 32.8805 -0.1070 5.95% S Fund 42.8320 -0.2707 4.66% I Fund 25.7624 0.0033 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Siena men fall in overtime to Iona in MAAC final Police release video of Adirondack Trust bank robbery News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories President would fund Planned Parenthood if abortions halted Missile tests increase pressure Brian Cody, Chrissy Cavotta leaving WFLY for WGNA Big acts coming to the Capital Region Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Iorizzo: A missed opportunity for Siena basketball Ogunyemi battles to the end Danes solve Stony Brook, reach final Knicks rally past Magic Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Bank losses pull stocks further from record highs On The Move Yellen signals hike is coming UAlbany study: In N.Y. home health and outpatient jobs lead Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Spring, Summer 2017 movies to watch How Capital Region burger restaurants stack up 'Baby Jane' spat profiled Comedy Works to bring standup to Cohoes Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories What to buy in March Photos are all that gets shot on these safaris Calendar: What's happening this week Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Working Together across Party Lines on Tough Issues like An agenda we can all be proud of Sparks Fly as Common Council Votes to Sell Historic Palace Brian Cody, Chrissy Cavotta leaving WFLY for WGNA TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Churchill: Answering the worries about movie theaters in downtown Teamsters face 31 percent pension cut Churchill: Don't understimate Dan McCoy Cohoes finds 2nd detective shift increases crime fighting Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Style update House of the Week: Townhouse in Rensselaer Real estate agent finds calling finding accessible homes Warren Buffett's Midas touch goes way back Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Birthday freebies: 80-plus things you can get for free on your Proctors announces lottery for $25 ‘Wicked’ seats What to buy in March New Raise.com customers: Save $10 off a purchase of $50 or more MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/Sheriff-NYC-man-arrested-for-having-crack-cocaine-10980687.php Sheriff: NYC man arrested for having crack cocaine By Wendy Liberatore Published 2:30 pm, Monday, March 6, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Craig A. Webster (Warren County Sheriff's Office) Craig A. Webster (Warren County Sheriff's Office) Sheriff: NYC man arrested for having crack cocaine 1 / 1 Back to Gallery QUEENSBURY — A New York City man was arrested for allegedly possessing about 4g of crack cocaine after someone reported suspicious activity taking place outside of Wal-Mart, Warren County Sheriff's said. Craig A. Webster, 32, was found Friday in the store parking lot at 24 Quaker Ridge Blvd. with the crack cocaine packaged for sale, Lt. Steven Stockdale said. Webster was charged with felony criminal possession of a controlled substance. He was arraigned in Queensbury Town Court and sent to Warren County jail. His bail was set at $15,000. News Videos Most Popular 1 Brian Cody, Chrissy Cavotta leaving WFLY for WGNA 2 Brian Cody, Chrissy Cavotta leaving WFLY for WGNA 3 Siena rallies to stun Monmouth in MAAC Tournament 4 Neighbors tried to save Schenectady woman lit on fire 5 WNYT's Jason Gough shares story of childhood sex abuse to help... 6 Dryer 'exploded,' starting Colonie fire 7 SEEN: SPAC Winter Ball 2017 View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * 12-volt * Sema * Automotive Aftermarket * More Tags... Industry News * Automotive * More Industries... News By Location * Avon Lake   Ohio   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 DEI Announces New 12 Volt Sales Manager — Chuck Kenney to Lead Sales for Boom Mat     DEI 12 Volt Sales Manager, Chuck Kenney   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * 12-volt * Sema * Automotive Aftermarket Industry: * Automotive Location: * Avon Lake - Ohio - USAVON LAKE, Ohio - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- DEI Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Tom Miller, is pleased to announce Chuck Kenney as the company's newly created position of 12 Volt Sales Manager. A 30 year veteran of the electronics industry, he is responsible for overseeing sales, distribution and profits for Boom Mat, DEI's acoustic brand. With expertise in account management and team development, Kenney has been selected to grow the Boom Mat brand in the 12 volt market, to solidify and further develop DEI's heat and sound control product distribution and sales, and to explore new market opportunities in the home theater, trailer, RV, commercial work truck and marine industries. He will be the primary contact for trade and distributor shows and will be integral in the selection of sponsored project car builders to represent the Boom Mat brand under Team DEI. As the former National Sales Manager for Epsilon Electronics, Kenney handled national accounts and was responsible for domestic sales.  In this and prior positions as Regional Sales Manager for Audiovox Electronics and General Manager of  Lesco Distributing, he was responsible for working with program distribution groups, developing and managing a strong team of manufacturer representatives and  generating sales with top retailers including  Wal-Mart, Target Stores and Best Buy. Formerly from Ohio, Kenney received his B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Cincinnati. In this position he will work remotely from his home in Texas and report direct to Tom Miller. Miller says, "As a brand, DEI's Boom Mat line has great potential for sales in the 12 volt market which has not received the same attention as our core business, the automotive performance aftermarket. Kenney's extensive background and relationships developed from decades of working with sales reps and distributors selling to the top brick and mortar and e-commerce retailers made him a stand out choice for this position. We are excited to have him on board and trust that he will also be instrumental in directing our attention to trends for new products to make Boom Mat the leading brand in acoustic control." Kenney says, "This is the ideal position for me as I enjoy building a team that is focused on the potential of a product. My goal is to quickly build a strong network of motivated sales representatives for nationwide sales coverage and to spend a lot of time on the road supporting their sales efforts at the retail and distributor level. DEI's extensive line of Boom Mat sound control has unfulfilled sales potential and I hope to change that quickly." For more information, please contact Tom Miller at 800-264-9472, or email Miller at TMiller@DesignEngineering.com. Chuck Kenney may be reached at ChuckK@DesignEngineering.com, or 214-587-7603. To keep up with the very latest DEI product introductions and company news visit www.DesignEngineering.com, or connect on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, or subscribe to DEI's You Tube channel. Media Contact Leslie Allen 615-429-7965 leslieallen.wildcat@gmail.com End Source : Design Engineering Inc. Email : ***@gmail.com Tags : 12-volt, Sema, Automotive Aftermarket Industry : Automotive Location : Avon Lake - Ohio - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Design Engineering Inc. News Boom Mat Speaker Performance Kit Now Available at AutoZone® DEI Introduces EXO Series™ Line and Hose Protection DEI Introduces Reflective Fuel Can Cover for the All Star 11 Gallon Dump Can Design Engineering Inc. (DEI) Introduces 2017 Innovative New Products Brochure Design Engineering Inc. (DEI) Introduces Form-A-Shield™ Trending Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine North Florida Land Trust urges legislators to do the right thing and properly fund land conservation Income& Named a Finalist in First Annual LendIt Awards One Thousand Dollar Scholarship Available CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® at Philly's Kawaii Kitty Café Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Police say 26-year-old Brewster woman found safe - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps See it. Snap it. Send it. Seen on 19 News CLE43 Focus Cleveland 19 Investigative Unit National/Int'l News State News Editorials with Erik Schrader Trending Stories The Buzz: Entertainment News Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports Tailgate 19 Fifth Quarter On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns VIDEO Your Health Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs: Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Meet the Team Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers Get our apps Editorials with Erik Schrader What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Advertise Police say 26-year-old Brewster woman found safe 2017-03-06T17:58:00Z2017-03-07T01:41:38Z Posted by Cleveland 19 Digital Team Email Connect web@19actionnews.com Follow @cleveland19news Photo of Karlee Davis (Source Brewster Police) BREWSTER, OH (WOIO) - Police are no longer looking for a missing 26-year-old Brewster woman. Investigators said Karlee Davis was last seen on March 1 around 5 p.m. She was found safe Monday evening. Download the Cleveland 19 News app and First Alert Weather app. Copyright 2017 WOIO. All rights reserved. Seen on 19Seen on 19More>> Giraffe watch: April's still waiting for her new calf Giraffe watch: April's still waiting for her new calf Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 12:10 PM EST2017-03-06 17:10:46 GMT April the giraffe and her mate, Oliver, are expecting a leggy baby giraffe - known as a calf.More >> April the giraffe and her mate, Oliver, are expecting a leggy baby giraffe - known as a calf.More >> A 3rd egg in eagle's nest at Redwood Elementary in Avon Lake A 3rd egg in eagle's nest at Redwood Elementary in Avon Lake Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:08 AM EST2017-03-06 16:08:32 GMT Redwood Elementary School's eagle cam (Source: Avon Lake EagleCam Youtube) The school set up the live camera in November 2015. A live stream of the eagles and eagle eggs can be found in the story.More >> The school set up the live camera in November 2015. A live stream of the eagles and eagle eggs can be found in the story.More >> Lenten Fish Fry Locations Lenten Fish Fry Locations Posted: Tuesday, February 7 2017 12:44 PM EST2017-02-07 17:44:06 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 2 2017 4:39 PM EST2017-03-02 21:39:46 GMT With the Lenten season upon us, many parishes are offering special meals, including the ever popular fish fry dinner.19 Action News has compiled a list of where you can find a fish meal this Lent. We are updating this list as we go, so if you don't see your favorite location yet, check back. If you'd like to add a fish fry location to our list, send an email and let us know.More >> With the Lenten season upon us, many parishes are offering special meals, including the ever popular fish fry dinner.19 Action News has compiled a list of where you can find a fish meal this Lent. We are updating this list as we go, so if you don't see your favorite location yet, check back. If you'd like to add a fish fry location to our list, send an email and let us know.More >> AP Exclusive: Accountants in Oscar mistake are off the show AP Exclusive: Accountants in Oscar mistake are off the show Posted: Wednesday, March 1 2017 8:52 PM EST2017-03-02 01:52:55 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 1 2017 8:52 PM EST2017-03-02 01:52:55 GMT The president of the film academy says the two accountants responsible for the best-picture flub at Sunday's Academy Awards will never return to the Oscar show.More >> The president of the film academy says the two accountants responsible for the best-picture flub at Sunday's Academy Awards will never return to the Oscar show.More >> Slideshow: Wicked weather causes storm damage Slideshow: Wicked weather causes storm damage Downed tree in Cleveland Heights (Source: WOIO) March rolled in with a vengeance, causing severe storm damage in the early morning hours. More >> March rolled in with a vengeance, causing severe storm damage in the early morning hours. More >>    SpecialStay InformedMore>> Text Alerts Text Alerts Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Download: Cleveland 19 Apps Get our apps News and weather apps for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and tablets.More >> Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster Share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr How To Measure Your Bra Size at Home in 5 Easy Steps What's hot 31 Outfit Ideas to Copy This March The 7 Accessories Everyone Will Be Wearing This Spring... The Best Trench Coats to Shop Right Now The One Piece You're About to Live in This Spring What French Girls Will Be Wearing This Spring StyleCaster How To Measure Your Bra Size at Home in 5 Easy Steps Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr 0 byMeghan Blalock 4324 Shares 2 days ago Photo: AleksandarNakic/Getty Images As we came of age in the modern world, there’s a few things we were sure to learn: How to take care of delicate garments, how to properly try on a swimsuit, and (perhaps a bit more crucially) even how to look amazing in photos. But one thing we didn’t learn growing up is how to measure our bra size at home. We’re often taught by lingerie behemoths like Victoria’s Secret that bra size measurements should be left to the professionals—which is why many of us have gone our whole lives relying on others to tell us what size brassiere we should be wearing. This is all fine and well, except that many women get stuck in a rut of wearing the same bra size for years and years, assuming things like, “I’m a 34B; I always have been and always will be.” MORE: The Interview Looks 6 Women Swear By—and How to Shop Them Right Now This kind of thinking can get you into trouble fast, since (obviously) your bra size changes as your body does. Below, find the definitive five steps you need to follow to take matters into your own hands and measure your own perfectly precise bra size. 1. Grab a tape measure Make sure it’s soft and pliable, preferably made of fabric. If you don’t have one, head to a local fabric store, drug store, or even a mass retailer like Wal-Mart. 2. Make sure you’re wearing your best bra You wouldn’t go on a first date without first putting on your best outfit, so don’t measure your bra size without wearing your most well-fitting bra. It should fit snugly, preferably have an underwire, and have no padding. Also, your breasts shouldn’t be sagging; if your nipple isn’t located approximately halfway down the top half of your back, adjust your bra straps to make them tighter. 3. Measure your band size first As you know, most bras are sized via band then cup. I.e., a 34-D bra is a bra with a band measurement of 34 and a cup measurement of D. But don’t be fooled by appearances: the band size often isn’t precisely the measurement of the circumference of your torso. Here’s how it works: using your soft tape measure, measure around the trunk of your torso right where the bottom part of your bra clasps around you. Using a mirror, make sure the tape is taut exactly across the middle of your back (not hitting at a diagonal, which can skew the measurement). See where the end of the tape meets at the front of your torso. This is your literal torso measurement. Write this number down. Sometimes, your band size is equivalent to your literal torso measurement. But if your torso measures, for example, 31 inches, you will probably need to round up to a 32 for your band size. 4. On to measuring your bust size Compared to measuring bust size, band size is a relative walk in the park. Cups are trickier because the size of your breasts can actually change depending on lots of factors, like what day of the month it is and if you are experiencing bloating or not. Try to pick a day to measure your cup size when you feel (relatively) true-to-size. Your posture also plays an important part in measuring an accurate cup size. To counteract a mis-measurement on account of slouching or standing up abnormally erect, try this: bend forward at your hips before measuring. So your body, from your feet to the top of your head, looks like an upside-down letter “L.” Tina Fey illustrates this forward bend well: Photo Courtesy of Bust Magazine This helps ensure that you are getting all the breast tissue in the tape. Then carefully place the tape so it’s straight across your back (again, you can use a mirror to help you do this) and measure your breasts at the fullest point, which typically is where your nipples are. Take mental (or literal) note of that number. 5. Calculate the cup size Because in the land of bras, everything is more confusing that it really needs to be, your bust size and your cup size aren’t the same. The bust size is the literal number you just read on the tape measure while contorting yourself into the “L” shape. The cup size, however, is the difference between your band size and your bust size. Here’s a chart of standard size differences and how they equate to cup sizes. If your bust size is less than 1 inch bigger than your band size, you’re a cup size AA. 1-inch difference = A 2-inch difference = B 3-inch difference = C 4-inch difference = D 5-inch difference = DD Here’s an example from start to finish: Let’s say you measure around your torso and get the measurement of 33 inches. Because it’s an odd number, you should round up to 34. When you measure around your full bust, you get 36 inches. That means there’s a two-inch difference between your full bust size and your band size. The chart above says a two-inch difference is equivalent to a “B” cup size, so your final bra size is: 34B. Make sense? There’s also this handy-dandy bra size calculator if you’re still feeling a bit lost. MORE: What To Wear This March: 31 Outfit Ideas to Copy Originally published December 2013. Updated March 2017. 0 GOT THOUGHTS? SHARE THEM! share pin tweet tumblr 0comments Tags: bra size bras Fashion Tips how to measure your bra size lingerie Promoted Stories About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Signup Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Instagram Sheknows MediaBeauty and Style copyright 2017 © all rights reserved by stylecaster Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Agreement RSS Powered by WordPress.com VIP StyleCaster Fashion Fashion News Street Style Tips + Trends Shopping Celebrity Looks Beauty Makeup Hair + Nails Skin Care Health + Fitness Lifestyle Home Travel Food + Drink Love + Sex Entertainment Celebrity News TV + Movies Music Culture SCTV WANT MORE? Get STYLECASTER in your inbox STYLECASTER Daily STYLECASTER Beauty Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Instagram About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Best Deals Privacy Policy Terms Of Use RSS share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Facebook Pinterest Twitter Post to Cancel
Carolyn Hall Genn, 77 Carolyn Hall Genn, 77 of Dumas, left to be with her Savior on Friday, March 3, 2017. She received a heavenly welcome by family and friends. Funeral Services are scheduled for 10:30 in the morning on Monday, March 6, 2017 at Bible Baptist Church with Johnny Widener, pastor of the church, officiating. Interment will follow at Northlawn Memorial Gardens. The family will welcome friends and loved ones from 4 o'clock to 6 o'clock on Sunday at the funeral home. Arrangements are entrusted to Morrison Funeral Directors. Carolyn was born in Pauls Valley, OK on August 20, 1939 to Jess and Myrl K. (Kniffin) Hall; she was one of 13 children. Carolyn married Joe Lee Genn, June 7, 1956 in Clovis, NM. They moved a lot when first married with Joe's job in road construction before settling in Amarillo, TX. She worked at Margaret Wills School in the cafeteria and did home babysitting when her husband became ill. She then moved to Dumas, TX in December 1969 with her husband and 3 children. She worked at TG&Y and Walmart. Carolyn enjoyed gardening, canning, and crafting. Everyone loved her green beans and pickled beets. She was preceded in death by her husband, Joe Genn; her parents, Jess and Myrl Hall; sisters, Claudette James, Norma Taylor, twin, Marolyn Tuter, Betty Davidson; infant, Jessie Fay Hall; brothers, Bobby Hall, Jessie Hall, Bill Hall, and great granddaughter, Lillie Breland and daughter in law Karen Sullivan Genn. She is survived by daughters: Brenda Genn McClure of the home; Karen and husband Jimmy Lawler of Canadian, TX; son, Doyle Genn and wife Janis of Dumas; sisters: Helen and Jack Moore of Shawnee, OK, Margaret and Ronnie Tillman of Amarillo, Judy Boyett of Amarillo and Lynda and Jim Gaither of Porter, OK; grandchildren: Jason Genn and wife Michelle, Danny and wife Bonnie, Jordan and wife Suni, Alexis King, Dusty Breland, Jacob Breland, Travis and Amber Lawler, Jared and Amanda Lawler, Derek Wills and Allison Wills; great grandchildren: Ethan Genn, Jadan Price, Hayden Frische, Reagan and Kaden King, Maddee and Colton Genn, Zachary McClure, Trayce Webb, Jaxon Lawler, Lyla Lawler, Peyton and Cody Johnson, Cooper Lawler; and many nieces, nephews, and friends. In lieu of flowers, the family suggests with gratitude memorials be made to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, 501 St Jude Place, Memphis, TN 38105. { Newspaper Website Template by bulletlink.com }
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Costco Is Quietly Becoming a Digital Player The warehouse club isn't using drones or offering free delivery, but it is growing its e-commerce business. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Mar 6, 2017 at 10:06AM Costco (NASDAQ:COST) seemed to mostly ignore its online business until the start of its current fiscal year, about six months ago, when CFO Richard Galanti began devoting more time to explaining its e-commerce efforts during the company's quarterly earnings calls. In its 2017 first fiscal quarter, which covered the 2016 holiday season, Galanti noted that while overall digital sales had risen by 7% year over year, the numbers during the Black Friday period were much better. During the week of Thanksgiving and the two that followed, he said, digital sales had risen by the low to mid-teens. Those aren't in league with Amazon or even recent Wal-Mart growth numbers, but the holiday result showed that the company might be a viable digital player. Add in the fact that Galanti also spoke about the company investing in its digital operation, specifically by adding merchandise, as well as making it easier to check out and improving the returns process, and it started to become clear that the company no longer considers online sales an afterthought. Traditionally, Costco has been all about its brick-and-mortar locations. Image source: Costco. What is Costco doing? It's important to note that the warehouse club says it has not taken any focus off its physical stores in order to grow its digital business. The chain is expanding its online efforts, but that's an additive effort to its business, not, as it has been for many chains, a response to fewer people coming to its stores. For the 12 weeks ended in mid-February, Costco same-store sales were up 3% in the United States, 2% in Canada, and 3% internationally (when you factor out the impact from changes in gasoline prices and foreign exchange). In addition, the warehouse club has been steadily adding stores at a time when many retailers are closing them. Costco sees digital sales as a way to increase sales to members. Doing more business with the company may be most attractive to people who hold its rewards credit card, who get 2% back on all eligible purchases from the chain. People with an Executive Membership, which costs $110 per year (double the $55 regular members pay), get an additional 2% back on all purchases up to $750. An Executive Member who pays with the company's rewards credit card gets 4% cash back. How is Costco growing online sales? Costco built on its Q1 momentum by growing digital sales 12% in Q2 2017. The company did that, according to Galanti, by doing three things: adding more merchandise, improving the user experience for its website, and improving distribution logistics. On the merchandise side, the company improved its stock of faster-selling items, the CFO said during the Q2 earnings call, which was transcribed by Seeking Alpha (registration required). It also added Samsung appliances, more apparel brands, and various health and beauty products. Galanti also noted that the company had particular success selling 50 long-stem roses for $49.99, which included delivery in the period leading up to Valentine's Day. "That $49.99 price point for 50 long stem roses is $30 less than what we sold the same item for just a year ago," the CFO noted. Costco has also invested in making its website easier to use. That sounds like a small thing, but before the changes were made, buying from the warehouse club was a cumbersome process compared to other online retailers. "In terms of improving experience and functionality of the site, we've improved search, we've shortened the check-out process, and we've improved our member's ability to track their orders, and we'll continue to do some more of that," Galanti said. "Just recently, we automated much of our returns process, not only providing members a much better quality of service, but also reducing by more than 20%, in just the first couple of months, our call center volume related to returns." The CFO promised more improvements to come and also detailed how the chain has improved its distribution logistics. "In the U.S. and Canada, we now fulfill online orders from 11 depot distribution points, which, of course, allows for closer and fast delivery of online orders," he said. Why is this important? Shopping has slowly been moving from stores to digital. Costco has largely been immune to that because its stores are destinations in themselves -- an entertainment as much as a retail experience. But as people buy more items from online retailers, it will become harder for them to justify the time and effort it takes to go to a store. By improving its digital offering, Costco can serve its members who perhaps only need an item or two and would have otherwise purchased them from another online player. Digital sales are a defensive play for Costco, but also an additive one. Some customers may continue to value the in-store experience -- the samples, the food court, finding items you never knew you wanted -- but will also take advantage of being members when not in a store. The company has a long way to go, but it finally seems interested in getting there, which is good news for members and shareholders. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 10:06AM Consumer Goods Stocks Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $166.73 down $-3.53 (-2.07%) Read More 4 Things Costco's CFO Wants Investors to Know Wall Street's Warming Up to Costco Stock in 2017 What to Watch for When Costco Reports Q2 Results Costco Boosts Membership Fees, Hoping to Reverse Sliding Profits 2 More Wall Street Pros Check In on Costco Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Costco Is Quietly Becoming a Digital Player @themotleyfool #stocks $COST
null
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Garner Cleveland Record March 6, 2017 12:27 PM Crime Notes: Feb. 23-March 1 Harry Lynch hlynch@newsobserver.com i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner Arrests ▪  Feb. 23, 12:10 a.m., Brandy Ashlyn Weatherspoon, 26, of 1310 Claymore Drive, Garner, was charged with driving while impaired. ▪  Feb. 24, 5:45 p.m., Eric Reco McIntyre, 17, of Raleigh, was charged with assault and injuring to personal property. ▪  Feb. 25, 10:14 a.m., Erica Denise Wade, 32, of 708-F Peterson St., Raleigh, was charged with failure to appear in court on charges of driving without registration and driving while her license was revoked. ▪  Feb. 26, 12:30 p.m., Brittany Michelle Carter, 24, of 103-6 Ennis Road, Benson, was charged with misdemeanor larceny, possessing drug paraphernali and violatinh probation in Johnston County. ▪  Feb. 27, 1 a.m., Kire D’Angelo McNeil, 19, of 610 Venus Lane, San Diego, Calif., was charged with assault on a female and injuring personal property in Cumberland County. He was charged also with failing to appear in Harnett County court on drug and alcohol charges. ▪  Feb. 27, 10:20 a.m., Maurice Antonio Moore, 31, of 1421 Creech Road, Garner, was charged with failure to appear for speeding and driving while his license revoked. ▪  Feb. 27, noon, Edwin Antonio Castillo, 24, of 1332 Plantation Pine Circle, Garner, was charged with assault on a female. ▪  Feb. 28, 2:30 a.m., Matthew Harrison Dove, 23, of 308 Arbor Greene Drive, Garner, was charged with three counts of possession with intent to sell or deliver drugs. ▪  Feb. 28, 2:10 p.m., Lakeisha Shadae Redmond, 29, of 112 Cox Ave., Raleigh, was charged with misdemeanor larceny. Garner Incidents ▪  Feb. 23, 7:15 a.m., fighting was reported in the 8200 block of Hebron Church Road. ▪  Feb. 23, 8:04 a.m., weapons and drug offenses were reported in the 8200 block of Hebron Church Road. ▪  Feb. 23, 12:55 p.m., stolen property was reported in the 900 block of Seventh Avenue. ▪  Feb. 23, 1 p.m., larceny was reported in the 1500 block of U.S. 70 West. Someone stole a cellphone valued at $400. ▪  Feb. 23, 4:30 p.m., a burglary was reported in the 1500 block of Valley Road. Someone stole a trimmer and air compressor valued at $400. ▪  Feb. 23, 4:38 p.m., an assault was reported in the 1400 block of Cane Creek Drive. ▪  Feb. 24, 10:45 a.m., vandalism was reported in the 1200 block of Poole Drive. ▪  Feb. 24, 6:33 p.m., larceny was reported at Burlington Coat Factory on Timber Drive East. Someone stole socks valued at $20. ▪  Feb. 24, 6:46 p.m., larceny was reported at Walmart on Fayetteville Road. Someone stole motor oil valued at $49.41. ▪  Feb. 24, 10:50 p.m., larceny was reported at Kohl’s on Shenstone Boulevard. Someone stole bras valued at $50. ▪  Feb. 25, 12:43 p.m., fraud was reported in the 3600 block of Junction Boulevard. ▪  Feb. 25, 4 p.m., a burglary was reported in the 100 block of Griffin Street. Someone stole a leaf blower and edger valued at $800. ▪  Feb. 25, 10:06 p.m., a runaway was reported in the 1400 block of Buffaloe Road. ▪  Feb. 26, 7:18 a.m., a burglary was reported in the 1700 block of Woodland Road. Someone stole a weed timmer and window air-conditioning unit valued at $300. ▪  Feb. 26, 7:34 a.m., larceny was reported in the 2000 block of Ryerson Drive. Someone stole $2 in cash. ▪  Feb. 26, 8:15 a.m., a burglary was reported in the 200 block of Haywood Street. ▪  Feb. 26, 1:19 p.m., larceny was reported at Walmart on Fayetteville Road. Someone stole a knife, vacuum and cooler valued at $287.47. ▪  Feb. 26, 1:40 p.m., larceny was reported at Kohl’s on Shenstone Boulevard. Someone stole sunglasses valued at $23.80. ▪  Feb. 26, 2:55 p.m., a call for animal control was made in the 100 block of Glenn Bryan Court. ▪  Feb. 26, 8 p.m., larceny was reported in the 1700 block of Mechanical Boulevard. Someone stole $1,200 in cash. ▪  Feb. 27, 4:37 a.m., larceny was reported in the 500 block of Plaza Circle. Someone stole a purse valued at $100. ▪  Feb. 27, 7:22 a.m., a burglary and larceny were reported at Triangle Mechanical on U.S. 70 West. Someone stole landscaping equipment valued at $1,620. ▪  Feb. 27, 10 a.m., vandalism was reported in the 900 block of Seventh Avenue. Someone damaged a fence. ▪  Feb. 27, 2:30 p.m., a burglary was reported in the 1000 block of Springview Trail. Someone stole a chainsaw and tiller valued at $650. ▪  Feb. 27, 3:15 p.m., larceny was reported at Walmart on Fayetteville Road. Someone stole telephone equipment valued at $33.22. ▪  Feb. 27, 4:07 p.m., a drug offense was reported in the 4500 block of Jones Sausage Road. ▪  Feb. 27, 4:19 p.m., a burglary was reported in the 1200 block of Poplar Avenue. ▪  Feb. 27, 6:38 p.m., vandalism was reported at Metro PCS on Fayetteville Road. Someone damaged telephone equipment. ▪  Feb. 28, 6:20 a.m., a burglary was reported in the 300 block of West Garner Road. ▪  Feb. 28, 2:45 p.m., forgery and fraud were reported at Arrow Pawn on U.S. 70 West. ▪  Feb. 28, 3:30 p.m., counterfeiting was reported at Gabe’s on Garner Station Boulevard. ▪  Feb. 28, 6:35 p.m., larceny was reported at Kohl’s on Shenstone Boulevard. Someone stole clothing valued at $200. ▪  March 1, 1:41 a.m., drug offenses were reported in the 1800 block of West Garner Road. ▪  March 1, 6:47 a.m., drug offenses were reported in the 1900 block of Aversboro Road. ▪  March 1, 1:23 p.m., larceny was reported at Cabela’s on Cabela Drive. Someone stole two electronic dog collars valued at $799.99. ▪  March 1, 8:47 p.m., larceny was reported in the 1400 block of Benson Road. Someone stole $5,000 in cash. ▪  March 1, 9:30 p.m., larceny was reported at Walmart on Fayetteville Road. Someone stole makeup and clothes valued at $135.28. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner Cleveland Record Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:37 Video of alleged racial harassment, confrontation at Wake Forest High goes viral Pause 2:04 Reactions to possible change in blue law 2:06 NC State's Abu: We see each other as family 1:59 ACC's Swofford excited about ACC Tournament in Brooklyn, NY 1:17 Nathan Holden found guilty of murdering in-laws 2:47 Notre Dame's Brey: 'I think it is a great job' 2:35 Two ways Trump proposes to change America's healthcare 0:11 Wake Forest High students chant "Bring Micah Back" to support suspended classmate 1:32 UNC-Wilmington coach Kevin Keatts after his Seahawks defeated William & Mary 1:09 68 Seconds of Dadgum Roy Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Garner State of the Town address 5:17 a month ago Garner State of the Town address 1:59 4 months ago Veterans experience the weddings they never had 1:45 4 months ago The heart and soul of Garner Football View more video Garner Cleveland Record Garner hoops event draws a crowd in support of special-needs students 27 Wake County magnet schools win national awards Two Rivers 3A all-conference boys and girls basketball, swimming, wrestling, indoor track and cheerleading teams Crime Notes: Feb. 23-March 1 Southside Christian names head of school Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Four Keys to Cyber Security: Protecting restaurants and retailers from data breaches March 6, 2017 | By Steve Fredette Restaurants and retailers around the country continue to be plagued with the threat of cyber-attacks. Target, Eddie Bauer, Walmart, Wendy's, O'Charley's, are just a few of the major brands recently affected by data breaches, leaving millions of consumers' credit card information at risk.   This threat is an issue that no business owner or operator ever wants to deal with, but as the necessity for customer-friendly technology increases due to consumer preference, companies would be wise to proactively deal with this challenge ahead of time, rather than face ramifications that could negatively impact their business and customers’ privacy.    Credit card transactions are certainly growing in popularity. In fact, there are currently more than 172 million credit card holders in America, according to Statista -- a number that has grown at about 1 million per year since the turn of the century. NextAdvisor.com surveyed 500 people ages 18 and older and found that 42% of respondents prefer to pay with a debit card and 38% reach for their credit card. Just 17% expressed a preference for cash and only 3% wrote a check.    Likewise, a recent Toast consumer study found that credit or debit card is also the preferred payment method for 76% of dine-in restaurant goers, especially when paying for higher-end ticket items versus smaller transactions, like a cup of coffee.    All of these transactions put the money of your business and your customers at risk if you’re not using the proper technology, which is why credit card processing is one of the biggest areas of interest for data thieves looking to access customer payment card information.    The strategy for restaurant and retail business owners is to put themselves in the best position to have a secure environment and stay ahead of threats at the point of sale. Below are four key steps companies can take to best support and maintain a secure place of business.   Become PCI compliant Payment Card Industry (or PCI) compliance is obtained by following a set of standards to “ensure that all companies that accept, process, store, or transmit credit card information maintain a secure environment.” PCI compliance adds an extra blanket of security wherever possible so your customers can feel safe when their card runs through your location’s processor.    Becoming PCI compliant is the first step your business should take on its journey to becoming more secure. According to the PCI Security Standards Council, the aftermath of a data breach could entail lost jobs for C-level executives, high legal costs, lost sales and customer trust, and even going out of business entirely. Clearly, the potential downsides of hacks for non-PCI compliant businesses are too great to ignore.   Protect payment info with credit card encryption Hackers love a good trail - so don’t leave any breadcrumbs for them to follow. Modern point of sale systems (POS) have the feature of immediate encryption for credit card information when the card swipes. This means that everything is transferred through the credit card transaction process securely.   Assuring encryption from the first stages of the transaction lets you and your customers take solace in the security of the transaction. This is because encrypting a credit card number in the card reader hardware does not allow hackers to install malware on your network. At that point, there's nothing of interest for hackers looking for credit card payment to access.   Choose cloud-based systems for secure data storage  Cloud-based POS systems have made a huge impact on the restaurant and retail industries. Not only do they offer more convenient features and remarkable ease-of-use, they are also far more secure than legacy POS systems when it comes to protecting data. When your information is stored in the cloud, that means all private data is stored off-site, and customer credit card information is instantaneously transferred to the next step in the payment process.    In contrast, legacy POS systems store information in the technology itself, on-site in your business location’s back office. This makes customer data much more vulnerable as it can be far too easily accessed by the wrong people. In addition to a cloud POS’s secure storage of data off-site, another benefit of these modern systems is the ability to monitor your place of business at all times and detect unusual activity.   Update and evolve to stay ahead of hackers The good and bad news about technology is that it is always evolving. Criminal masterminds never stop trying to find a backdoor to a goldmine of data, which means defending that data is harder than ever. It’s in the best interest of your business to work with a technology company that keeps security advancements and updates both fresh and frequent.    Modern POS companies are typically a SaaS (software as a service) model. Working with SaaS technology means your business pays a fee to receive technical support and - more importantly - regular software updates. These updates typically offer performance enhancements, but also back-end security enhancements for adding a newly discovered layer to protect customer information. Software engineers who pick up on possible areas for security breaches will dedicate time to fixing and resolving issues for subsequent software updates. As one member of our team puts it, his job is to come into work every day, figure out ways to break the system, and then fix them.   The sad truth is, we live in a world full of cyber threats, identity theft, and credit card hacks. It's a harsh reality faced by every industry. But for the sake of your business and your customers, taking the time to research and wisely choose a safe, secure and trustworthy POS partner may just make the difference between a thriving business and a hijacked brand. Steve Fredette is president and co-founder of Toast, where he leads product and innovation initiatives. Prior to Toast, he worked on mobile app development before the iPhone came out, creating the first Flickr and Shoebuy.com apps. At Endeca, now Oracle, he co-founded their mobile commerce business, building the product team and driving sales, marketing, and services to over $10 million in revenue in two years. Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Store closings are part of the business, but is this business as usual? Top 10 Retail Predictions for 2017 Walmart’s Latest E-Commerce Moves: What Can it Really Deliver? Analysis: J.C. Penney finally getting its house in order Commentary: Implications for Grocery Retailers as Lidl Launches Stateside Amazon Go’s Implications for an Industry in Need of a Revolution Analysis: A Good Fit? Canadian Firm Acquires American Apparel Startups Spotlight: Employee engagement, elevating store experiences and more Website Accessibility and the ADA: The Clear and Present Dangers Holiday Hiring Wish List: Three Best Practices Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts First-of-its-kind store for Bed, Bath & Beyond Bed, Bath & Beyond is debuting a new store format — complete with a... Target Open House closed — but just for a couple of months Target Corp. its updating its experimental concept store in San Francisco,... Amazon opens a self-driving styled convenience store — with no checkouts More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Holiday sales better than expected; data reveals winners — and losers It was a less than merry holiday for some retailers, especially in the... Report: Future of retail IoT more than beacons Omnichannel is so 2016, with mPOS, staff handhelds/wearables, camera... Study: The first ‘digitally native’ generation shops in stores Generation Z grew up online, but that doesn’t mean that’s where... Trending Stores Yeti, Austin A cool store from a cooler (literally) and drinkwear company, Yeti’s first physical outpost celebrates the fast-growing brand, which is known for standing up to the harshest conditions.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project Changes to Arkansas Works would lower income, require work, cut around 60,000 from benefit access U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project UCA program to host startup pitch contests and events for K-12 Video / Podcasts U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics AEDC’s Mike Preston: Trump a factor in full project pipeline, wary of bills affecting Arkansas’ image Sen. Cotton: ‘I expect to be very active’ in Obamacare replacement White House amenable to medical marijuana laws, but states should ‘abide by’ federal law on recreational use Sen. Cotton: In ‘second quarter’ of Russian investigation, which is expanding Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail American Trucking Association praises DOT report on hours of service restriction Big rig orders in North America increase 28% in February WorkHound announces $500,000 investment to grow company The Supply Side: Walmart.com revamp could include limited marketplace access Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Starlight Gala raises money, awareness for Northwest Arkansas Children’s Shelter BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Nancy Peevy (nancywpeevy@gmail.com) 16 hours ago 205 views  Tags: Northwest Arkansas Children's Shelter 0 SHARES Share Tweet A sold-out crowd of 1,100 gathered for the Starlight Gala benefitting the Northwest Arkansas Children’s Shelter. In an effort to give hope to abandoned, neglected and abused children in Northwest Arkansas, 1,100 people came together on Saturday (March 4) in Rogers at the 15th annual Starlight Gala, benefitting the Northwest Arkansas Children’s Shelter. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising officer for Walmart U.S. and Children’s Shelter board member, spoke to the crowd about the theme of the evening, “Hope in Action” and the opportunity to improve the lives of the children at the Shelter. “All of them are victims of circumstances that are just way beyond their control,” Bratspies said. “It really breaks your heart. It breaks your heart until you realize that you can actually do something and then it actually becomes a pretty exciting situation.” Bratspies told the crowd that while the country is divided, those at the gala were united in compassion, conviction and in action for helping children. “It doesn’t matter where you stand on the issues, what your job title is or where you’re from,” Bratspies said. “Tonight we’re just a group of people coming together to help kids who need us … they need our resources, they need our influence, they need us to believe in them, but above all what they need is hope.” Bratspies said children discover hope at the Children’s Shelter. He said that hope is evident when a scared child, abused by her father, “looks you in the eye and tells you thank you.” Or when a 10-year-old boy blows out the candles on his first ever birthday cake. Or when a 16-year-old girl, who never thought she’d go to high school, earns her GED. Steve Bratspies, chief merchandising for Walmart U.S. and Children’s Shelter board member, spoke to the crowd. “Those are the seeds of hope firmly planted, seeds that are planted at the Children’s Shelter,” Bratspies said. “I want to create more moments, more hope and more optimism.” The Northwest Arkansas Children’s Shelter is a private, non-profit organization that provides 24-hour residential care to children and teens who are victims of abandonment, abuse or neglect. When a child is removed from his or her home, the Shelter is often the first place they go before being placed in a foster home. In 2016, 513 children were served by the Shelter. Since opening in 1993, the Shelter has cared for more than 8,200 children. The facility has 48 beds and children can stay up to 45 days in a six-month period. The majority of children are placed at the shelter by the Arkansas Department of Human Services (DHS) in response to a report or allegation of child abuse or neglect or an intervention by law enforcement. Board members and staff hoped to raise $620,000 for the operation of the Shelter as a result of the evening. A live auction during the evening featured items such as a seven-night stay for 10 at a villa in La Punta Manzanilla, Mexico; a classic Wrigley Field rooftop experience; a trip to see Bruno Mars live at Madison Square Garden in New York City; a Dallas Cowboys club package and a trip to see the play “Hamilton” on Broadway. The gala also included cocktails, dinner, a concert by the country duo “Maddie and Tae” and an after party. Dick Trammel, philanthropist and Arkansas Highway Commission chairman, continued his tradition of raising money during the evening with a special 10-minute appeal that organizers hoped would raise $80,000. Walmart U.S. was the major underwriting sponsor of the gala. General Mills was the presenting sponsor. Approximately 80 sponsors helped with the gala and included Kimberly-Clark, Pepsico, and Hershey’s. Sponsorships ranged in price from $2,350 to $25,000, with Individual tickets for the evening costing $250. Country singing duo, Maddie and Tae, performed for the crowd Comments comments Previous post J.B. Hunt deploys GPS tracking for intermodal and over-the-road trailers Next post Fayetteville apartment community near I-49 sold for $32.68 million Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Frank D. Scott, Jr. How regulatory relief can be good for the economy Angela Grayson ‘The Slants’ and a challenge to trademark law Cal Rose Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Latest Popular Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative 7 hours ago FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance 8 hours ago More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers 9 hours ago Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project 10 hours ago American Trucking Association praises DOT report on hours of service restriction 10 hours ago Legislative panel votes to ban marijuana smoking, edibles 2,547 views Denver company enters Northwest Arkansas apartment market with $53.3 million deal 2,081 views After heated debate, House panel Ok’s merger of Forrest City technical school into local community college 1,844 views Rep. Leding, others file bill to expand Arkansas civil rights to include sexual orientation, gender identity 1,788 views Report suggests USA Truck could again face a takeover attempt (Updated) 1,085 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
null
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Kroger's 13-year winning streak just ended — and it’s a warning sign for the entire grocery industry Hayley Peterson Mar. 6, 2017, 11:15 AM 10,183 facebook linkedin twitter email print Kroger's same-store sales are declining for the first time in 13 years.Business Insider Kroger's winning streak has come to an end. The supermarket chain's same-store sales, or sales at stores open at least a year, fell 0.7% in the most recent quarter, the company said last week.  That marks the end to a staggering 13-year streak of quarterly same-store sales increases for Kroger. The company blamed food price deflation for the decline. But it's also facing growing price competition with discount grocers like Aldi expanding across the US. A 2014 price study found that Aldi's prices were about 22% cheaper than Kroger's. Aldi has more than 1,600 stores in the US with plans to open another 600 within the next couple of years. Walmart is also investing in its grocery department. The company reduced prices on hundreds of grocery products last year and reportedly just launched a grocery price-comparison test in 1,200 stores in an effort to edge out Aldi.  Business Insider compared prices at both chains in 2015 and found that Walmart was about 30% more expensive than Aldi. Aldi is expanding across the US.Business Insider/Hayley Peterson Soon, there will be even more pressure to lower grocery prices with a new discount grocer entering the US market in a big way.  The German supermarket chain Lidl is gearing up to open 100 stores along the East Coast by mid-2018, with the first 20 stores opening this summer in Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. The chain plans to eventually open as many as 600 stores in the US, according to a copy of a company presentation obtained by Business Insider. Lidl currently has 10,000 stores in 27 European countries. The rapid expansion of Aldi and Lidl in the UK has sent the country's biggest grocery chains into a crippling price war that sent their sales sliding over the last decade.  The end to Kroger's 13-year winning streak is a sign that a similar price war is erupting in the US. Fortunately for shoppers, that means food will just keep getting cheaper.  Get the latest Walmart stock price here. SEE ALSO: A German grocery chain with the power to cripple Aldi, Whole Foods, and Trader Joe's is about to invade America NOW WATCH: A whiskey expert suggests some of his favorite bottles for under $50 Loading video... More: Retail kroger Walmart Aldi Lidl Grocery Stores Groceries Shopping Food facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Kroger's 13-year winning streak just ended — and it’s a warning sign for the entire grocery industry Kroger's 13-year winning streak just ended — and it’s a warning sign for the entire grocery industry Kroger's winning streak has come to an end. The... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Lawyers, Guns & Money Brockington Website CV Twitter Blog Posts Blogroll The Democratic Strategist Prost Amerika Soccer FiveFhirtyEight Uk polling report Fruits and Votes Political Betting A Very British Dude A Very Public Sociologist Fair Vote My Other Blogs Campos Website CV Blog Posts Blogroll My Other Blogs Loomis Website CV Twitter Wishlist Posts Blogroll Working in These Times High Country News Addicted to Quack Burnt Orange Report Coal Tattoo Left in the West The Wildlife News New Mexico Independent Sociological Images Asia Times Online Bloggings by Boz My Other Blogs Alterdestiny Farley Website CV Twitter Wishlist Blog Posts Blogroll A Plain Blog About Politics Dan Drezner ThinkProgress: Alyssa Rosenberg ArmsControlWonk Orcinus Lance Mannion The Reaction The Red Reporter My Other Blogs Information Dissemination The Diplomat: Flashpoints Nexon Website CV Twitter Blog Posts Blogroll My Other Blogs Surrence Website CV Blog Posts Blogroll Respectful Insolence Science Based Medicine Southern Female Lawyer Edge of the American West No More Mister Nice Blog Whiskey Fire Cogitamus Cliopatria Civil War Memory Poliblog My Other Blogs Lemieux Website CV Wishlist Twitter Blog Posts Blogroll Whiskey Fire Unqualified Offerings Well Timed Period The Talking Dog The Sideshow The Mahablog The Comics Curmudgeon SCOTUSblog Sadly No Rob Neyer Puck Prospectus No More Mr. Nice Blog Making Light Julian Sanchez Hit and Run Hendrik Hertzberg Glenn Kenny Faux Real Tho Charles Pierce Carrie Brownstein Balkinization Alicublog ACSBlog 11D My Other Blogs TAPPED Everyday Politics Attewell Website Twitter Wishlist Blog Posts Blogroll Big Bad Bald Bastard House of Substance Just Another Blog from L.A. Balloon Juice My Other Blogs Race for the Iron Throne Vacuumslayer Website Twitter Blog Posts Blogroll Big Bad Bald Bastard House of Substance Just Another Blog from L.A. Balloon Juice My Other Blogs Shakezula Website CV Blog Posts Blogroll Respectful Insolence Science Based Medicine Southern Female Lawyer Edge of the American West No More Mister Nice Blog Whiskey Fire Cogitamus Cliopatria Civil War Memory Poliblog My Other Blogs DJW Website CV Twitter Blog Posts Blogroll Public Reason Polis Hugo Schwyzer Russell Arben Fox Easily Distracted Alas A Blog Brad Plumer gristmill Politics Theory Photography Jacob T. Levy My Other Blogs You are here: Home » General » Could the Greatest Neoliberal Sellout in Known Human History Be Good At His Job? Could the Greatest Neoliberal Sellout in Known Human History Be Good At His Job? [ 252 ] March 6, 2017 | Erik Loomis Thomas E. Perez, during his nomination hearing to be Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice. April 29, 2009. Photo by Diego M. Radzinschi/NATIONAL LAW JOURNAL. Mike Elk has a good summary of Tom Perez and his management style. The idea that the greatest Secretary of Labor since Frances Perkins was some sort of horrendous neoliberal was always laughable on the face of it, but the more we know about Perez, the better he looks as DNC chair, leaving aside the fact that Keith Ellison probably would be just as effective. Perez immediately attempted to assuage fears by pledging to be more inclusive. He appointed Rep. Ellison (D-MN) as Deputy Chair of the DNC. In an interview with the Minnesota Star Tribune, Perez said that he wanted to make Ellison “the face of the Democratic Party.” While many may dismiss Perez’s appointment of Ellison as mere posturing, those who who know Perez say it’s genuine and indicative of something much deeper in Perez’s track record. Supporters say that Perez’s appointment of Ellison follows the management style Perez has used throughout his career, as a board member of immigrant worker center CASA de Maryland, as the county councilman for the hippie enclave of Takoma Park in suburban Maryland, as the head of Department of Justice’s Civil Rights Division, and, most recently, as the leader of the Department of Labor. Many say that the low-key, bespectacled Buffalo native is poised to mend a fractured party, given his experiences turning around the conservative, Bush-era Civil Rights Division and achieving a record turnaround in employee morale at the Department of Labor, where he bent to progressive protests for the agency to do more for workers through executive action. A deeper look at Perez’s career paints a picture of a leader who has gone out of his way to focus on inclusion and dialogue instead of infighting. People who know Perez portray him as a leader that is responsive to grassroots concerns, bringing ideas from the left into the Democratic center to reform policies or practices activists had long fought to change. This sounds like hopeless neoliberalism to me! What are some examples of his Big Corporate Donor style? However, it wasn’t easy to get the Administration to agree to issue these executive orders. For the first four years of the Obama presidency, Administration officials resisted labor’s pressure. “They said it was illegal, they said we are gonna get attacked by the business interests,” says Joseph Geevarghese, the campaign director for Good Jobs Nation and Good Jobs Defenders. A 2013 study by the labor-funded think tank Demos estimated that federal contractors employed nearly 2 million “low-wage” workers, defined as making less than $12 an hour or $24,000 a year. Labor groups pointed out that the federal government employed more low-wage workers than Wal-Mart or McDonald’s. Yet, they still found themselves frustrated when trying to get the Obama Administration to take executive action to fix the problem. Groups like Good Jobs Nation and Change to Win began to organize workers at federal contractors to put pressure on the Administration. They even began to organize picket lines outside of federal buildings to draw attention to the problem. As co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, Ellison quickly aligned himself with the movement and started attending picket lines. “Mr. President, raise my people’s wages,” shouted Ellison at a rally for the group’s very first strike of federal contract workers during the Obama Administration in May 2013. Ellison would go on to attend dozens of picket lines in an attempt to ratchet up pressure on Obama to finally do something through executive action. Instead of Perez shutting Ellison out, he invited him in. “Once workers hit the streets and once people like Perez were in the Labor Department, people’s view changed,” says Geevarghese. Nine months into office as Labor Secretary, Perez pleasantly surprised labor leaders when Obama announced in his January 2014 State of the Union that a new executive order would raise all federal contractor wages to $10.10 an hour. “The Administration, and specifically Secretary Perez, worked closely with and listened closely with Mr. Ellison and the Progressive Caucus as we moved forward on initiatives [to help] federal contract workers and hold federal contractors accountable,” former Assistant Secretary of Labor for Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs Adri Jayaratne told Payday. “Tom always made sure that everyone’s voices were heard on every issue whether or not they were in agreement. He felt that was a responsibility he had to have.” Many in labor are hoping that the Perez-Ellison relationship at the DNC will follow a similar pattern. “The Perez-Ellison combination could be a dynamic duo. The truth is that those two worked together to get the most progressive federal labor policy done in decades,” says Geevarghese. “It was Ellison, who stood on the picket lines to call attention to the need to raise standards for contract workers, while it was Secretary Perez on the inside who listened to the workers, who met with these workers, listened to these workers, and helped craft those executive orders.” How can we trust this Big Money Plutocrat with his support from Neoliberal Obama and $Hillary?!? However, those who saw Perez’s ability to turn around previously fractured agencies think he’s game for the challenge. “As bad as the situation may be at the DNC, it can’t possibly be as bad as it was at the [Department of Justice’s] Civil Rights Division,” says Sasha Samberg-Champion, an appellate lawyer who worked as a civil servant during Perez’s tenure at DOJ. Under the Bush Administration, the Civil Rights Division had declined to prosecute cases of police brutality abuses and predatory lending, and did not enforce the Olmstead decision, which barred segregation of the disabled. When Perez took office, many expected Perez to clean house of the lawyers from the Bush Era. Instead of engaging in a costly purge of Bush holdovers, Perez tried to figure out creative ways to get everyone engaged in fulfilling the Department’s core mission of enforcing civil rights law. “He went out of his way to make sure everything was fair and everyone was rigorously listened to,” Samberg-Champion. “All the line attorneys were being listened to very closely. That was the culture he had.” Samberg-Champion said that this culture did not just extend to Obama-era newcomers like himself, but also to Bush holdovers. “Somehow, he was able to get people to get on the same page and do really meaningful work,” says Samberg-Champion. “The culture at that time was that we will find a way for you to contribute.” Effective as Secretary of Labor and in the Civil Rights Division? Looks to me like the only chance for progressive polices is Jill Stein in 2020! What has Perez done to stand up to Big Vaxx and Big Internet? Answer me that neolib! I will also note that I know people in Perez’s circle, including one person who worked very closely with him in the recent past. Everyone I talk to absolutely loves this man in a way that you do not see often in the political world. I’m not saying this is anything more than anecdata, but it’s been quite striking to me in these conversations. Share Comments (252) Trackback URL | Comments RSS Feed Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 11:27 am But he went to YALE LAW SCHOOL! Log in to Reply Erik Loomis says: March 6, 2017 at 11:29 am That Corey Robin would make this argument, a man who has never lived outside of East Coast elite circles and who holds degrees from multiple Ivy League institutions, is a sign of just how unserious that man is. Log in to Reply vic rattlehead says: March 6, 2017 at 11:35 am Robin actually said that? Holy shit. Log in to Reply Erik Loomis says: March 6, 2017 at 11:36 am It was in a Twitter exchange with Adam Serwer. You can guess who got the better of that one. Log in to Reply DamnYankees says: March 6, 2017 at 11:45 am Well, to be fair, does Corey Robin think he himself would be a good DNC chair? The argument is terrible, I grant you, but he might be consistent about it! Log in to Reply ThusTweetedAnderson says: March 6, 2017 at 11:45 am After Hillary sewed up the nomination, Crooked Timber pretty much forgot there was an election going on, let alone that it might be important. Now they bitch about Trump. I kinda despise everyone there now (except, of course, for Belle Waring). … As for Perez, I won’t know what to think about him until all his e-mails as Labor Secretary are stolen by the Russians, fed to WikiLeaks, and breathlessly misreported by the media. There’s just no other way to evaluate a politician. Log in to Reply Srsly Dad Y says: March 6, 2017 at 12:02 pm Remember those helpful debates at CT about the definition of fascism? “Well, ACTUALLY, Mussolini said, everything in the State, and nothing outside the State, so I don’t see how a small-government conservative could be a fascist, harumph, QED.” Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 12:09 pm Now they bitch about Trump. I kinda despise everyone there now Even Henry? And Quiggen? I like Quiggen. Although like many, he drops the occasional howler; that post he made last week where he constructs his own definition of what credentialism is, then constructed a strawman attacking it, and then burnt that strawman down was something of a howler. (And it didn’t go well for him in the comments, where he actually tried to argue that because the greatest expansion in the number of people getting degrees occurred during the postwar economic expansion, that’s dispositive proof that too many degrees can’t be a bad thing for economic prospects.) But I still like him. Log in to Reply ThusTweetedAnderson says: March 6, 2017 at 12:22 pm Well, at least in their cases (IIRC), they have the excuse of not being Americans & thus not having quite the same direct interest in whether we burn the country down. But I don’t recall their “Hillary isn’t perfect, but who is, and good god, everyone needs to vote for her, because wtf” posts. Log in to Reply sonamib says: March 6, 2017 at 12:31 pm Well, yeah, a UK+Australia+Netherlands (maybe I’m forgetting some others) blog isn’t the best place to get insight on US politics. I read them for their other posts, which are usually more interesting. Edit: Ok, Corey is US-based. But I think he’s the only one. Log in to Reply djw says: March 6, 2017 at 12:51 pm Harry and Kieran are British and Irish respectively, but have lived and worked in the US for decades. But Harry hardly ever posts anymore, regrettably, and not really much about politics at all. Log in to Reply sonamib says: March 6, 2017 at 12:55 pm I stand corrected. I’d forgotten about Harry, and had no idea about Kieran! bianca steele says: March 6, 2017 at 1:00 pm I like Harry but his recent posts on educational theory have been not to my taste politically, a little too much critical theory or something, maybe. Henry Farrell is also Irish and living in the US. Eszter is American. John Holbo and Belle are American but live abroad. There are a bunch of former front pagers who are American and I think many of the others taught in the US at some point. rea says: March 6, 2017 at 1:02 pm And Belle’s husband John, one of the better writers on the internet (the pony guy) and a US Citizen. djw says: March 6, 2017 at 1:32 pm Belle is “the pony guy (sic)”! John is the “Donner party conservative” guy which is just as good. vic rattlehead says: March 6, 2017 at 1:40 pm He always seemed to be a bit of an oddball. Maybe I just don’t get him. djw says: March 6, 2017 at 8:06 pm No, you’ve got it, he’s a bit of an oddball, but the good kind. You kind of have to be to be able to write a journal-article length review of a shitty “these things I believe” book by David Frum so brilliant it almost retroactively justifies the existence of the book itself? JamesWimberley says: March 6, 2017 at 6:35 pm Then you might learn to spell his name right: John Quiggin. I like him too. Log in to Reply bianca steele says: March 6, 2017 at 12:24 pm I think CT is really a European blog that focuses on the US for, to exaggerate only a little, the same reasons Twitter is all about the latest Trump embarrassment. Its discussion of American politics fell apart during the election and for the blog’s sake I hope they don’t try to revive it. Their commenters are also an uncomfortable mix of hard lefties, resentful techies, old-school Marin County style tech libertarians, Marxian grad students, and (I would put money on) alt-right youths who are so, so positive a blog of philosophers is on the “right” side. My own idiosyncratic interests coincide at times with the front-pagers’, but man, is that place annoying. Log in to Reply mds says: March 6, 2017 at 2:09 pm After Hillary sewed up the nomination, Crooked Timber pretty much forgot there was an election going on This is an unfair overgeneralization. Bruce Wilder remembered continually and at length that there was an election going on, and that it was between indistinguishable right-wing warmongers, so women and people of color should shut up about their irrelevant “social issue” distractions. Log in to Reply ThusTweetedAnderson says: March 6, 2017 at 2:22 pm I stand corrected! Log in to Reply Thornton Hall says: March 6, 2017 at 3:20 pm It started to suck when they banned me, no? Log in to Reply brad says: March 6, 2017 at 12:04 pm He’s a great scholar, in most ways, but his mind is shut tight with professoritis. When he decides, that’s just How It Is. But then I’ll always have a bone to pick with him about his utter incomprehension of Nietzsche. Log in to Reply gmack says: March 6, 2017 at 12:29 pm Out of curiosity, what specifically do you disagree with about his reading of Nietzsche? I disagree with it too–particularly his reading of Nietzsche as a simple reactionary (in his sense of the term)–but I’m curious what part you have in mind. Log in to Reply brad says: March 6, 2017 at 12:41 pm That goes to the heart of it. It’s been a while since I looked at his work so I don’t have the details fresh in mind, but as I recall he basically denies the existence or validity of postwar scholarship in favor of what was at the time already a contentious line of interpretation used to provide a fig leaf of philosophical justification to racist theories. There’s no denying that line of interpretation existed, particularly in fascist circles, and is based on a combo of Nietzsche’s undeniable low points in Genealogy and from before the break with Wagner along with the… deliberate mistakes introduced by his deeply antisemitic sister. But it wasn’t simply the accepted truth of Nietzschean interpretation at the time, and is considered obvious crap today. Robin’s claims are particularly bad because, as you hinted at, to call Nietzsche a reactionary is to precisely miss that the reactionary mode is something he all too clearly recognized the weaknesses and dangers of. Log in to Reply ThusTweetedAnderson says: March 6, 2017 at 12:54 pm I think it’s fair to say that N. was a reactionary, in the sense of having no love for his contemporary political situation. But a guy who thinks we should ratchet things back to Thucydides is not a “reactionary” in any sense that’s useful in political thought. N. was a romantic, and if his thought has any real use for politics, I don’t know what that use is. Log in to Reply brad says: March 6, 2017 at 1:00 pm Yes and no, to be mushy about it. He recognized the danger in large part because of his experience of it in himself, absolutely. But he also deliberately didn’t publish any writings about politics, it’s only in the carefully selected notes his sister released posthumously that he opines on them. I don’t think he meant his thought to be applied to politics, and fascism would have horrified him. Log in to Reply ThusTweetedAnderson says: March 6, 2017 at 2:25 pm I think we agree, but it’s going a step too far to say he never published anything on politics. There are jabs at Bismarck in BG&E, and I think more explicitly in the later books he published (my philosophy “library” is at home & I’m not, or I would be more specific). brad says: March 6, 2017 at 2:36 pm You’re likely thinking of Will To Power, which does contain a number of political comments, but was published by his sister after he was gone. But you’re right I’m forgetting that bit, his work before the break with Wagner is largely easy for me to forget. gmack says: March 6, 2017 at 1:10 pm I think that’s right, though my sense of things is that there has been a turn among some scholars toward recovering the “reactionary Nietzsche.” I recall Timothy Brennan giving a talk several years ago at Cornell, in which he detailed all of Nietzsche’s attractions to European colonial projects, and then used this information to express astonishment about why contemporary postcolonial theory is so interested in/influenced by Nietzsche. There was a lot of pushback about this argument, and I suppose I shouldn’t generalize too much from it. Still, I have a sense that this represents a new turf war in various radical lefty circles–a turn against the Nietzsche-inspired Foucauldianism that dominated things for so long and a turn back to other inspirations for leftist thought. Brennan in particular was harshly critical of the fascination with Foucault, Deleuze, Hardt and Negri, and the recent fascination these folks have with Spinoza; he wanted instead to champion folks like Vico and Edward Said. Log in to Reply brad says: March 6, 2017 at 1:44 pm Well, Foucault’s Nietzsche is a bad reading in its own light, and I can’t fault anyone for wanting to respond to that romantic mush. Nietzsche’s madness was a loss, not a becoming. I think part of why Nietzschean thought has been taken in ways that the N contemporary man might have held contrary political positions against is he himself encouraged his readers not to take N the man as a limit. It’s also the talent he had as a writer to draw the reader in and read themselves a bit into N. Frustrating but brilliant tactic. Log in to Reply gmack says: March 6, 2017 at 2:01 pm Agreed on all counts. Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 2:17 pm Foucault, Deleuze, Hardt and Negri As a side point — and let me be clear that I don’t think gmack is doing this! — can I say that lumping Foucault and H/N together is massively unfair to the former? Log in to Reply Q.E.Dumbass says: March 6, 2017 at 3:46 pm Any ideas on whether a review of Hardt/Negri’s work — especially Empire — will be posted in the near future? (Also, rather surprised at the strength of Erik’s — understandable– “Corey Robin AIN’T SHIT” stance. John Cole actually filleted Corey on Facebook the day before the election, and even on the accompanying Balloon Juice post allowed that Robin’s work was broadly worthwhile. [And someone gave props to Loomis in the comments, that]). gmack says: March 6, 2017 at 8:40 pm I absolutely agree! I should also add that I don’t think Brennan was doing that either. burritoboy says: March 6, 2017 at 2:12 pm All that is really overstated. 1. Accepted by whom at what time? Beyond that Nietzsche would probably be at best amused that philosophers in academia would be the best to understand his work, he further would have been even more highly skeptical that Anglo-American academic philosophers at the end of the 20th century and beginning of the 21 century would have been the best to understand his work. Nietzsche probably wrote intentionally so that type of person would be the least likely to understand him. And the German Right of the early twentieth century certainly had some validity in their claims that they were the true descendants of Nietzsche and not his interpreters on the Left. 2. While traditional monarchist German conservatives of his immediate day in the 1870s and 1880s found Nietzsche grotesque or simply incomprehensible, it didn’t take long for the broader German right to find him quite attractive within about 20 years of the end of Nietzsche’s productive life. We can’t assume that this attraction wasn’t wanted by Nietzsche – he found the traditional monarchist conservatives or Wagnerians of his day absurd, but there’s no reason to project that onto assuming he wouldn’t have welcomed the attraction of a broader right. There are many instances of Nietzsche making allusions that he might have been interested in such a broader, more radical Right throughout his work – and not only in his Wagnerian period. 3. Robin makes it clear that he isn’t really focused on the traditionalist monarchist conservatives anyway. He spends a lot of time on De Maistre, who wasn’t at all in favor of mere reaction, but an almost total rebuilding of the Ancien Regime. Robin is probably missing a few links to make his claim stronger, but it’s pretty easy to make the case that the political/intellectual descendants of De Maistre were attractive to Nietzsche (think Baudelaire) and conversely, that those descendants often were strongly attracted to Nietzsche (think Baudelaire’s poetic descendants in France, for instance.) Log in to Reply brad says: March 6, 2017 at 2:33 pm Which Nietzsche, when? Whose? Considering he explicitly and repeatedly and overly romantically talks about how his best readers weren’t even born yet, there’s a host of questionable presumptions there. But I cannot claim any great grounding in German political history, either. But let’s also recall that Will to Power was a release by his sister based on notes he chose not to publish in his lifetime. The German right’s Nietzsche was, in the time period you’re speaking of, a distorted image. Not beyond recognition, no, but deliberately altered with a specific agenda. I’m not qualified to argue with Robin’s scholarship, my problem is with his interpretation. To simply call Nietzsche a reactionary is a mistake on par, to my mind, with calling him a nihilist. Log in to Reply ThusTweetedAnderson says: March 6, 2017 at 2:39 pm Where is Nietzsche interested in Baudelaire’s politics, as opposed to treating Baudelaire as an example of decadence (ingested, I would guess, as much through Paul Bourget as in the original)? Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 12:05 pm … are you shitting me? God dammit. I mean… I have a great deal of sympathy for people who have radicalized in response to the bullshit around them, because that, you know, describes me. The Bush years sort of made me confront a lot of shit and swung me well to the left, and I’m sure the Trump years will do the same. And part of that swing has put me well to the left of most of the Democratic Party, the only vehicle for exercising non-right (which isn’t the same as leftist) political power in the country, and that causes me to direct a fair amount of withering contempt towards said party and those who run it. But I would like to think I have managed this without going nuts about it. I didn’t like, at all, the dynamics of the race surrounding Perez. But if you’re going to come at Perez himself, you’d better have more substance than “had a conventional political career and went to conventional schools.” For fucks sake! Robin is one of the good guys. I love his writing and agree with like 90%. But the other ten percent is like “god dammit, you need to get your head screwed on right.” Log in to Reply gmack says: March 6, 2017 at 12:14 pm Robin is one of the good guys. I love his writing and agree with like 90%. But the other ten percent is like “god dammit, you need to get your head screwed on right.” That’s pretty much where I am, though I’m not sure if I agree with the 90% number (in my case, I agree with less). At any rate, it always seemed to me that the best argument against Perez is that, while he personally might be a good political figure, he also represented a faction of the party that the Sanders folks dislike and think are responsible for the current problems that the party has. At least I can understand where that kind of argument is coming from. On the other hand, if it’s a factional dispute of that sort, it also means that there really is no important ideological or even tactical issue at stake; it’s just a highly passionate tribal/factional dispute. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 12:27 pm At any rate, it always seemed to me that the best argument against Perez is that, while he personally might be a good political figure, he also represented a faction of the party that the Sanders folks dislike and think are responsible for the current problems that the party has. Mmm, close, I think? I think a stronger argument than this was basically “the second Ellison declared, a bunch of people’s first reaction was ‘we gotta bring this guy down, he’s not one of us‘” and went looking for the right person to do that. And anyone who looked at Keith Ellison last November and thought “fuck THAT guy” so vehemently they went out of their way to find and recruit someone to take him down is someone I don’t want anything to do with. Log in to Reply jim, some guy in iowa says: March 6, 2017 at 12:33 pm christ, why in *fuck* does everyone need to be so goddamn paranoid about it? Could it possibly fucking be that people thought Ellison lacked the executive experience needed to transform the DNC? O god nooo it’s a *plot* to hold down the peeeeoopllee!!! sorry, Murc this isn’t really about you but I just lost what little patience I had with any of this shit. good luck Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 12:36 pm Could it possibly fucking be that people thought Ellison lacked the executive experience needed to transform the DNC? Almost certainly not, and if they did that’s still a relatively damning indictment of their intellectual and analytical capabilities. Log in to Reply Hogan says: March 6, 2017 at 1:35 pm Tell us about Ellison’s executive experience. Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 1:40 pm He has precisely as much as Obama had in November of 2008 and there’s no evidence that he’d be incompetent at exercising executive power. This might be a good reason to support Perez over him once Perez was already running. It’s a deeply shitty reason to actually head and find someone to kneecap Ellison after he declared. I would almost go so far as to say it is very fig-leafy. efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 1:52 pm I would almost go so far as to say it is very fig-leafy. Did you read Loomis’ front page AT ALL? Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 2:25 pm Did you read Loomis’ front page AT ALL? Yes? What of it? SIWOTI says: March 6, 2017 at 2:48 pm I like Ellison, and his executive experience was my major concern that I worried about in his DNC Chair bid. Administering large organizations is different from smaller ones, and the DNC Chair is by and large an administrative position. The DNC is, in essence, a medium sized national company with 400+ employees. Ellison has, AFAIK, never managed anything larger than a Congressional campaign. So I don’t know whether Ellison had the necessary skills to manage something like that. To do so requires finding the right people, putting them in the right positions, and managing them so they accomplish the goals of the organization. The most successful management in turning organizations around requires a leader who is both resolute and humble, someone who will push to get to the top, but will fade into the background and let others take the spotlight where necessary (read “Good to Great” by Jim Collins for why this matters). I’m not sure that Ellison has those qualities, but I do think Perez has them. As for your counter-example of Obama, by November 2008, he built an organization with over 1000 employees (and many more unpaid volunteers), and had managed what was essentially a startup through a successful product launch. Ellison has never done anything comparable to that, and by making that comparison, you denigrate President Obama’s accomplishment, and also, I think, set up an unfair comparison for Ellison to meet. Ellison didn’t need to show that he could run a successful Presidential campaign, but even administering a medium sized government agency (200+ employees) would show he had previous experience administer an organization the size of the DNC. That was the biggest reason I didn’t support Ellison for DNC Chair, and I suspect that it was a reason others didn’t as well. I think you need to reexamine your own intellectual and analytical capabilities, because in this comment, you have certainly not displayed your full potential. djw says: March 6, 2017 at 12:58 pm Could it possibly fucking be that people thought Ellison lacked the executive experience needed to transform the DNC? The thing that just astonishes me about the more enthusiastic promoters of the “Sanders V Clinton round 2” interpretation is that they treat this very Occam’s razor-esque possibility as not just wrong but a bizarre and fantastical suggestion. The idea that some non-trivial number of the 448 voters looked at Perez and saw someone who might be very good at doing the kind of things this post suggests he is indeed doing is beyond the pale nuts, because it disrupts the narrative. It’s unbelievable. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 1:25 pm The idea that some non-trivial number of the 448 voters looked at Perez and saw someone who might be very good at doing the kind of things this post suggests he is indeed doing is beyond the pale nuts, Good thing I didn’t make that argument, then. gmack says: March 6, 2017 at 12:06 pm Robin has some serious blind spots. His discussions about Perez have been bad, and this particular argument is truly wretched. In general, I don’t think he has much of interest to say about the Democratic party or about Democratic strategy. On other issues, however, I think he’s quite helpful. Log in to Reply Dennis Orphen says: March 6, 2017 at 2:38 pm Maybe so, but wouldn’t his passing resemblance (at least in the that photo) to Conrad Ecklie cancel that out, and then some? Log in to Reply sleepyirv says: March 6, 2017 at 11:33 am Sounds like he would have been a great governor of Maryland. Log in to Reply Hogan says: March 6, 2017 at 11:59 am Are you sure he won’t be? Log in to Reply sleepyirv says: March 6, 2017 at 12:13 pm Is he going to be DNC chair for only like 6 months? Log in to Reply efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 1:55 pm Are you sure he won’t be? He doesn’t have a reputation as a good and willing glad hander or speechifyer. On the politics and the policy he’d be excellent. But I wonder if he made a commitment to stay at the DNC at least thru this election cycle. Log in to Reply kvs says: March 6, 2017 at 12:03 pm Maybe. But he wouldn’t have won the primary. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 11:40 am Tom Perez really is Dean Bobby Peterson. Homer: Marge, someone squeezed all the life out of these kids. And unless movies and TV have lied to me, it’s a crusty, bitter old Dean! Dean: Hi there! Hello, I’m Dean Peterson, but you can call me Bobby. I just want you to know if you ever feel stressed out from studying or whatever, I’m always up for some hackey sack. Or, hey! If you just want to come by and jam, I used to be the bass player for the Pretenders. [plays a riff] Homer: [bitterly] Boy, I can’t wait to take some of the starch out of that stuffed shirt. Log in to Reply Hogan says: March 6, 2017 at 11:45 am Everyone I talk to absolutely loves this man in a way that you do not see often in the political world. As most of you are already aware, our C.I.D. Commander Raymond Foster, after a long bout with cancer, passed away last night at Johns Hopkins. Better eulogies are coming. So, let me just say that the man served 39 years—-attaining the rank of colonel—-without leaving a trail of bitterness or betrayal. In this department, that’s not a career, it’s a miracle. Log in to Reply Aimai says: March 6, 2017 at 11:45 am I’m excited to read all this stuff. It makes me more hopeful for the future. The next set of elections are going to be a long, hard, slog of trying to drag people to the polls who have never gotten off their asses to vote, and help people to the polls who struggle to get registered, or who have to battle local forces to make it to the polls and see their votes counted. It is not going to be won by appealing to trump voters or worrying about what they think. It is not going to be won by relying solely on a charismatic next leader (especially 2018 when we won’t have an official candidate). Its going to be won in the trenches and this guy seems fantastic in political trench warfare. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 11:48 am I will also note that I know people in Perez’s circle, including one person who worked very closely with him in the recent past. Everyone I talk to absolutely loves this man in a way that you do not see often in the political world. Ditto. I’m online acquaintances with multiple people who worked under him at the Civil Rights Division, and they have consistently raved about him. This is one reason I was wanted him on the presidential ticket. (Similarly, it’s probably not a coincidence that even people in Congress who are to Ellison’s right are very impressed with him. There was no wrong choice here, and turning the contest over who would be nominal Chair and who would be his nominal deputy into an ideological death match is just ridiculous.) Log in to Reply Joseph Slater says: March 6, 2017 at 2:06 pm Ditto your ditto. Log in to Reply djw says: March 6, 2017 at 11:52 am But if you suggest that people might have voted for him not primarily for factional or ideological reasons but because they thought he’d be really good at the job, you’re GASLIGHTING THE LEFT. Log in to Reply Incontinentia Buttocks says: March 6, 2017 at 12:04 pm Perez was an excellent Secretary of Labor. I have some questions about whether he’ll be as effective as Ellison would have been as DNC Chair, but I wish him all the best. However, there was an actual history to the race for DNC Chair. Unlike Loomis, some folks in the Democratic Party were very interested in stopping Keith Ellison. And they started organizing against him long before they identified Perez as their candidate. Trying to ignore this history by endlessly harping on the stupidest arguments of some Ellison backers is no more sensible than suggesting that the smear campaign against Ellison alleging he was an antisemite was typical of everyone who backed Perez. This race was a battle between factions of the party. Pretending it wasn’t won’t make the ongoing war for control of the party go away. Log in to Reply kvs says: March 6, 2017 at 12:10 pm Sure, but it seems like that’s not a war Perez has much interest in fighting. At least not in any manner that’s substantively meaningful. So maybe those fights should take place over something more relevant. Log in to Reply Incontinentia Buttocks says: March 6, 2017 at 12:19 pm Perez doesn’t have to fight it, he won! But you could point out, correctly, that Ellison isn’t fighting it right now, either. I think there are a handful people on both sides of the party divide who think the war for control of the party should take precedent over everything else. Most sensible people — like Bernie Sanders and Keith Ellison, e.g. — understand that some things are more important, most notably resisting Trump and eventually beating the Republicans. (Of course a lot of the folks most interested in prioritizing the internal party war aren’t Democrats at all, but Jill Stein types largely driven by hatred of the Democratic Party as it is.) All that being said, we can walk and chew gum at the same time. There will be proper times and places for the internal Democratic battle to play out. The DNC Chair race was one of them, as people on both sides of it well understood (the fact that a lot of folks on LGM seemed puzzled by the whole thing is telling). Local and state Democratic meetings and conventions currently taking place across the country are another. And of course the 2020 presidential primary will be one as well. Log in to Reply Gregor Sansa says: March 6, 2017 at 1:34 pm (the fact that a lot of folks on LGM seemed puzzled by the whole thing is telling) I’m puzzled by that statement. What are you implying? Log in to Reply Erik Loomis says: March 6, 2017 at 1:44 pm I was curious about that as well Log in to Reply jeer9 says: March 6, 2017 at 2:15 pm Can’t speak for IB, but the notion that LGM may not believe the Iron Law of Oligarchy applies to the Democratic Party and the actions of its elite members in this particular instance seems plausible. Didn’t side with either particular candidate in this fight (they both seemed solid), but desiring a change in “leadership class” after a horrific electoral loss does not seem without merit or devoid of substance, especially when said change is opposed (for no good reason) by the faction responsible for the defeat. Persuading others that this disagreement is about nothing and deserves ridicule seems like an argument for the status quo, though not one that Perez himself would make. Log in to Reply a_paul_in_mtl says: March 6, 2017 at 12:13 pm Nobody denies that that is how certain people see it. What many of us do deny is that it was or is a useful way to frame the DNC chair election. Since the DNC election will seemingly have zero practical impact on, say, the presidential primary of 2020, it is hard to understand why the stakes have been so high for many people. Log in to Reply Incontinentia Buttocks says: March 6, 2017 at 12:22 pm Perhaps because we know that the leader of the DNC has an important role to play in, e.g., scheduling presidential debates. And tons of other little decisions that can affect the outcome of a presidential primary race. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 12:52 pm Perhaps because we know that the leader of the DNC has an important role to play in, e.g., scheduling presidential debates. And tons of other little decisions that can affect the outcome of a presidential primary race. If “scheduling debates” is the most important action you think the DNC could take, it’s an excellent illustration that the DNC will not, in fact, materially affect the outcome of presidential primaries. Log in to Reply Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 3:08 pm If “scheduling debates” is the most important action you think the DNC could take, it’s an excellent illustration that the DNC will not, in fact, materially affect the outcome of presidential primaries. No, I was informed just yesterday that the scheduling of the Democratic primary debates led directly to the current White House occupant. Log in to Reply nemdam says: March 6, 2017 at 4:40 pm Everyone knows limiting events where Hillary does best is a way to rig the primary in her favor. Log in to Reply kvs says: March 6, 2017 at 6:35 pm Yeah, the whole fight emphasized style over substance, trying to pick a symbolic fight over the party’s direction with little regard for the job’s responsibilities. The fact that it played out with both camps getting riled up over the differences between Ellison and Perez just emphasizes that fact. Sometimes there’s merit in generating headlines. But I’m not seeing how the headlines generated in this instance moved a significant amount of people who weren’t already mobilized. Or even had the potential to. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 12:16 pm I endorse this comment and the sentiments behind it. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 12:17 pm Where the whole anti-Perez conversation goes wrong is in its assumption that the people who wanted an alternative to Ellison are a faction of the party that maps to an ideological tendency, an interest group, or what have you. Log in to Reply Incontinentia Buttocks says: March 6, 2017 at 12:25 pm Absolutely. The party factions are not purely ideological. They’re a complicated mixture of ideological differences, tactical/strategic disagreements, and personal jockeying for power. There are often regional dimension to these divides, but I don’t know if there was in this case. And my guess is that there’s a generational aspect to this particular division. Log in to Reply SIWOTI says: March 6, 2017 at 7:20 pm There was certainly a regional divide that played out the DNC Chair race. There was a view among a number of Southern Democrats that because Perez was originally from Texas, he understood better the challenges that Democrats in the South face. And probably just as important was the urban/suburban/rural divide. I don’t think there is much evidence of any particular generational aspect weighing either for or against either Ellison or Perez. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 12:18 pm However, there was an actual history to the race for DNC Chair. Unlike Loomis, some folks in the Democratic Party were very interested in stopping Keith Ellison. And they started organizing against him long before they identified Perez as their candidate. Except that the fact that Perez ended up being the alternative candidate on one hand and the fact that Ellison had establishment support up to and including the Senate Minority Leader and his predecessor on the other is probably a good clue that this dispute was not ideological, and doesn’t even map very neatly onto an ESTABLISHMENT versus INSURGENT dichotomy. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 12:22 pm Is there even a difference anymore in the way people talk about “the Establishment” and “the Deep State”? ETA: Ha, had missed Sly’s earlier comment Log in to Reply tonycpsu says: March 6, 2017 at 12:28 pm The evolution of “deep state” from useful description of the expansion of the intelligence community into a watchword used by Brocialists and Trumpkins alike to describe any political result they don’t like is frustrating. There are serious concerns about the amount of government business that gets done out of eyeshot from Congressional review and investigative journalism, but these days if you so much as casually mention that Russia demonstrably interfered in the election and has been grooming elements of Trump’s inner circle into proxies for Russian interests, you’re labeled as a supporter of the intelligence community’s worst abuses. It’s much like how “neoliberal” used to mean something distinct, but now is just a catch-all leftier-than-thou epithet to be used against anyone who fails the purity test. Log in to Reply nemdam says: March 6, 2017 at 4:43 pm About the same difference as the same people talk about “Neoliberalism” or “Elites” or “Corporate Donors” i.e. anyway who casually throws these words around is not a serious person. Log in to Reply djw says: March 6, 2017 at 12:25 pm Right, the more or less established part of this narrative is some Obama-aligned people weren’t thrilled about Ellison, and wanted a strong alternative. The rest is just conjecture and projection that maps rather poorly onto the publicly available facts. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 12:33 pm Right, the more or less established part of this narrative is some Obama-aligned people weren’t thrilled about Ellison, and wanted a strong alternative. This by itself is actually bad, tho. You’re talking about people who, in the wake of Trump’s election, looked at Keith Ellison, a Muslim POC labor activist from the upper midwest with impeccable ideological and policy credentials, and thought that a good use of their time and effort was defeating his leadership bid. My response is “fuck those guys and everything they represent.” I am capable of holding this opinion at the same time as I think “I’m at least glad they settled on Perez, who is equally accomplished and qualified compared to Ellison.” Log in to Reply Incontinentia Buttocks says: March 6, 2017 at 12:40 pm I think we’re on the same wavelength here. Log in to Reply gmack says: March 6, 2017 at 1:14 pm My response is “fuck those guys and everything they represent.” My question, though, is “what do they represent”? I suppose some might represent fears about having a black Muslim representing the party. Insofar as that’s true, I agree with you. On the other hand, if many of them represent the thinking that Ellison might not do a good job leading the DNC (because, say, he might support parts of the party they dislike), then what precisely is the problem? Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 1:28 pm On the other hand, if many of them represent the thinking that Ellison might not do a good job leading the DNC (because, say, he might support parts of the party they dislike), then what precisely is the problem? That they thought this strongly enough to spend a month actively recruiting someone to take him down, which demonstrates either flawed motivations or flawed reasoning? I mean, this isn’t just “Oh, it’s Ellison and Perez. Mmm, I like Perez better.” Tons of people made that decision and there’s nothing wrong with that. It’s the folks who went “Ellison? Better go and find someone else, pronto!” that make me think “THAT was your priority? Right after the election? Really.” Also, what are these parts of the party they dislike, and why? Log in to Reply gmack says: March 6, 2017 at 1:42 pm Well let’s just go with IB’s suggestion that this is mostly a factional dispute. I’ll therefore be as cynical as you’d like: I’ll assume that there was a group affiliated with Obama who disliked Ellison because they were afraid he’d keep them out of important Democratic party jobs. If that’s their concern–and assuming that it’s true that there is no significant ideological or tactical disagreement between the factions–why on earth should I care? So sure, I find it kind of dumb that they’d focus their attention on the DNC chair immediately after the election. But I’m still not sure why I should be that exercised about it. Tom in BK says: March 6, 2017 at 3:53 pm What makes you think that’s shady? Like, at all. If you don’t want a person to run an organization, and they’ve made a bid, and you’re a part of that organization, and you push someone else to lead it, how is this anything but everyday politics? And what should the priority have been after the election if not to regroup and find new leadership to be in the best position for the midterms? nemdam says: March 6, 2017 at 4:50 pm Tom in BK: Obviously the only way to truly respect a faction of the party is to clear the field for them to take over. Otherwise this is ironclad proof that you don’t want that faction even if your proposed candidate agrees with them on almost 100% of the issues and is ideologically indistinguishable. Because if there is one lesson I learned from the purity left in the primary, it’s that you must clear the field for one candidate. TLDR: Having a contested party election is neoliberal. SIWOTI says: March 6, 2017 at 7:52 pm You’re wrong here. Just because someone wanted an alternative to Ellison does not necessitate any bad faith. I think, once again, you are neglecting the very real possibility that the people who urged Perez to enter the race saw what Ellison was offering in terms of things he would do as DNC Chair, and thought they should find someone who would do something differently than Ellison would, and concentrate on the problems of the DNC as an organization, and turn it around. The DNC Chair has much less to do with ideology and policy than with the nuts and bolts of resources and budgets, and putting people and processes in place to ensure that Democratic State Parties are doing their job. That’s why some people thought that a good use of their time was finding someone who understood that better than Ellison did. The people you are saying “fuck you” to aren’t in the Democratic Party, and they certainly weren’t the people voting for DNC Chair. Log in to Reply Incontinentia Buttocks says: March 6, 2017 at 12:29 pm I agree that ESTABLISHMENT vs INSURGENT is an inaccurate description of the two sides. That doesn’t mean that there weren’t two sides. I do think that people who think of themselves (rightly or wrongly) as insurgents tended to support Ellison, but that’s not the same thing as saying that Ellison’s support was entirely outside the establishment. He almost won precisely because he was able to get some key establishment backing early on. (Please note that my comment at the top of this subthread doesn’t identify the two factions this way. In fact, I say nothing about “the establishment.”) Log in to Reply Incontinentia Buttocks says: March 6, 2017 at 12:38 pm I’ll add that I think “establishment” is a very slippery term of limited analytic usefulness. But the term often takes on political power far beyond any objective meaning. Think about all the talk about the Republican establishment over the last eight years, e.g. Like (similarly frequently empty) authenticity talk, establishment talk seems likely to be a permanent feature of the way we discuss political disagreements. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 12:50 pm But we need some clarity about what an “establishment Democrat” even is. I know what an establishment Republican is: it’s Digby Baltzell’s WASPs. Is there any similar group among Democrats? Because from where I’m sitting the group that powers conventional Democratic politics is “40- and 50-something women, especially women of color.” That doesn’t seem especially diabolical. Log in to Reply fatvalkilmer says: March 6, 2017 at 2:15 pm (Apologies if this Wild Speculation is something that’s been hashed before. No one wants to be late to the party.) We’ve often talked about the accusations of anti-semitism that were aimed at Ellison. Typically, it seems like they’re framed as an effect, rather than a cause, of the two-faction throwdown. Conventional wisdom says that the accusations were part of the dirty pool that Team Obama leveled at Ellison in order to win the election. Unless I’ve missed something (and I may have), I find it highly plausible that Perez was recruited not because his centrist credentials are better than Ellison’s, or because of a power play by the Obama cohort, but because he wasn’t vulnerable to (spurious, gross) accusations of anti-semitism in a time when the Trump administration has put anti-semitism front and center. The percentage of Democrats who are hard-line pro-Israel isn’t especially large, but getting caught up in that debate at all (particularly when the Trump administration has managed to stake a claim as both incredibly Zionist and also…you know…nazis) was potentially a risk they didn’t think they should take? If that’s true, we have a different, very difficult, conversation to have, but then the DNC Chair election doesn’t stand as a direct repudiation of the Sanders wing of the Democratic party. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 2:58 pm This sounds possible, and I also suspect that Perez gained some adherents for the symbolism of his Latinx background, and as a sign of where he could build new paths for the party. Log in to Reply Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 3:11 pm We’ve often talked about the accusations of anti-semitism that were aimed at Ellison. Typically, it seems like they’re framed as an effect, rather than a cause, of the two-faction throwdown. Conventional wisdom says that the accusations were part of the dirty pool that Team Obama leveled at Ellison in order to win the election. Unless I’ve missed something (and I may have), I find it highly plausible that Perez was recruited not because his centrist credentials are better than Ellison’s, or because of a power play by the Obama cohort, but because he wasn’t vulnerable to (spurious, gross) accusations of anti-semitism in a time when the Trump administration has put anti-semitism front and center. The percentage of Democrats who are hard-line pro-Israel isn’t especially large, but getting caught up in that debate at all (particularly when the Trump administration has managed to stake a claim as both incredibly Zionist and also…you know…nazis) was potentially a risk they didn’t think they should take? Any fears anyone might have had about Ellison’s Jewish/Zionist cred should have been quelled by CHUCK FREAKING SCHUMER. Log in to Reply fatvalkilmer says: March 6, 2017 at 3:19 pm It absolutely should have, I agree! But people yelled about it anyway, and it allegedly had an effect on both the final vote and the perception of the general public. I can imagine a part of the Democratic Party that was nervous about the potential sticking power of spurious, acidic accusations immediately following the election. Log in to Reply kvs says: March 6, 2017 at 6:42 pm The conventional wisdom is that those accusations were lobbed by a very specific set of Democratic donors who had their own interests separate from the larger factional play. Log in to Reply Sly says: March 6, 2017 at 12:08 pm The deep state wanted Tom Perez to be DNC chair. Log in to Reply David T says: March 6, 2017 at 12:06 pm IMO the only downside to Perez’s election is that Alan Dershowitz won’t leave the party now… Log in to Reply Joe_JP says: March 6, 2017 at 12:16 pm Ron Silver is dead. There’s that. Log in to Reply EliHawk says: March 6, 2017 at 3:20 pm That’s not a good thing. Politics or no, he was a wonderful character actor! Seriously, just someone who could come into a role and dominate whatever scene he’s in. Also, such a great action movie villain in Timecop. Log in to Reply a_paul_in_mtl says: March 6, 2017 at 12:07 pm But of course to those for whom politics is a pageantry of symbolic gestures, the fact that Perez is good at his job is utterly irrelevant. Such overly pragmatic considerations distract us from the Higher Issues, such as Why Did Perez Run Against Ellison in the First Place? Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 12:20 pm I mean, when one already well-liked candidate gets out to a strong start and begins shoring up support from various key players, it’s obviously unthinkable verging on shady for someone else to choose to get into the race! :P Log in to Reply Gregor Sansa says: March 6, 2017 at 1:39 pm If the good guy takes on the bad woman, it’s a sign of how good he is. If the bad guy takes on the good guy, it’s a sign of how bad he is. Get it straight. Log in to Reply C.V. Danes says: March 6, 2017 at 12:20 pm I would have been quite happy with either Perez or Ellison, but having them both, and having them committed to working together is the most upbeat I’ve felt in a long time. In a country the size of the U.S., the best you can ever hope for is a center-left coalition, and even as a pony-riding liberal I’m quite ok with that. We are right now trying to survive what happens when the extreme wing of one of our two parties gets elected. Would it be as bad if the liberal hippies got in charge? I dunno. We certainly wouldn’t be having the ICE hi jinks going on, but we might all be mandated to drive Priuses! Log in to Reply smartone says: March 6, 2017 at 12:23 pm I just want 3 things from DNC Chair 1. Money redirected from Democratic Consultancy class to Democratic State Parties in other words 50 State Strategy 2. DNC create group that does nothing but develop messaging and framing of issues and makes sure that Democrats FOLLOW this messaging . 3. Start to develop and push quality Pundits and Politiicans on Cable shows.. It is fruistrating when 75% of cable show guests lean Right .and the ones that lean left usually suck Log in to Reply Incontinentia Buttocks says: March 6, 2017 at 12:44 pm Top-down control of messaging is a two-edged sword. I agree that the party needs a clearer and better articulated national message. But local knowledge is important, too. I’m not convinced that the path to victory will be paved with talking points entirely written at DNC headquarters. Log in to Reply JBC31187 says: March 6, 2017 at 12:52 pm I’d amend 3. by adding quality radio shows as well. Radio’s infested with the worst kind of reactionary, and too many Trump supporters get their talking points from there. Log in to Reply Aexia says: March 6, 2017 at 1:38 pm It’d be nice if discussions about the effectiveness of the 50SS could be limited to people who actually worked at a state party or on a campaign during that period. Giving a blank check to state parties that are so poorly run that they can’t afford staff doesn’t actually fix them. It wasn’t actually effective. It turns out all along that the secret sauce was being able to run against an incredibly unpopular president. Log in to Reply liberal says: March 6, 2017 at 3:13 pm Money redirected from Democratic Consultancy class to Democratic State Parties This is one of my chief concerns. We have our own grifters. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:24 pm Isn’t the median state party distinctly, even dramatically, to the right of the national party? I still don’t get whether the point is supposed to be fresh blood, or a move left, or something else. I feel like it’s all commingled and that’s why it’s so amorphous. Log in to Reply EliHawk says: March 6, 2017 at 3:24 pm What’s fascinating is just how many people make this claim yet lined up behind one of the griftiest campaigns that ever grifted. Clinton, like Obama, ran a much leaner campaign in terms of reimbursements for things like media buys. It was Sanders who ran a campaign that spent Millions upon Millions upon Millions on paid media that was rapped up in big paychecks to Tad Devine and his three person, fly-by-night media buyer LLC. All those $27 checks paid for a lot of consultant’s fees, and plenty of his team have gone out to make new consultancy businesses. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:39 pm Good thing Tad Devine is such a trailblazing outsider! :P Log in to Reply nemdam says: March 6, 2017 at 4:58 pm Everyone knows a true grassroots movement is built on the backs of consultants buying TV ads. And the populist candidate buying his 3rd home after the campaign is over. There was a lot of shadiness with the money around Sanders’s campaign and sadly, it will probably never be revealed. Much like his taxes. Log in to Reply Brett says: March 6, 2017 at 1:16 pm Would Perez have run anyways for DNC Head if he hadn’t been recruited by the Obama folks? I think there’s a very good chance he would have (he showed more interest than running for governor of Maryland), in which case the argument over why he was running is kind of pointless. Log in to Reply RonC says: March 6, 2017 at 1:19 pm Perez’s candidacy was simply to point out to those on the left that they can’t win and who is really in charge, so they need to go along. Nothing else. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 1:26 pm “I have a narrative, and no possible fact could ever dislodge it!” Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 1:33 pm Scott, with respect: Perez was recruited. Presumably the people doing his recruiting felt so strongly that Ellison was unfit to lead to the DNC that they went out of their way to do so. And that, to me, says either their reasoning was deeply flawed (“Ellison is well-meaning but so incompetent to lead we have to find someone else to do this”) or their motivations were deeply flawed (“Ellison is the darling of the left, we’d better put those fucking hippies in their place.”) I am open to other interpretations here but those seem like the top two, and that, to me, is problematic. Log in to Reply Gregor Sansa says: March 6, 2017 at 1:41 pm Murc, with respect: we don’t really know exactly what Perez was thinking as he got into the race, besides “I am getting into this race”. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 2:50 pm My understanding is that Perez was also dealing with some family issues around the time of the election. We’ve been through this before, but until Election Day Perez probably assumed that he would be a member of Hillary Clinton’s cabinet. The fact that he didn’t immediately decide that DNC chair was a better use of his talents than longshot campaign for governor of Maryland isn’t very good evidence that he only joined the race because of external pressure. And if people backed Perez because they thought that Ellison and his followers would be purged from the party, well, they lost. Log in to Reply a_paul_in_mtl says: March 6, 2017 at 2:01 pm Because clearly the only reason one would want a competitive election is because you think the other person running is utterly unfit for the position due to ability or to ideological affiliation. What other reasons could there possibly ever be? But this framing of the issue is even more of a problem if we accept the premise that this was fundamentally an ideological skirmish between factions – never mind the actual policy stances of the candidates. What does it say when people on “the left” are saying that our inability to have “our” candidates acclaimed is tantamount to an act of war by the “neo-liberal centrists”? As a fairly left-wing person myself, I am very troubled by the idea that it is somehow not kosher to recruit candidates to run in a competitive election against one who has been anointed as the “darling of the left”. We had better get used to the idea that nothing is going to be given to us. If we want leftist ideas and candidates to prevail, that means being prepared to compete in elections. Nothing will be given in the primaries, and certainly nothing will be handed to us on a platter when it comes to general elections. Let that be clearly understood. “It’s our turn now” is not going to be an election winning argument. That means we have to raise our game. That will not be done by us whining about the fact that our ideas and preferred candidates are not accepted without a fight. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 2:32 pm Because clearly the only reason one would want a competitive election is because you think the other person running is utterly unfit for the position due to ability or to ideological affiliation. Uh, yes? If you have a candidate and they’re a good candidate, I would submit that going out and trying to find another one for the sole purpose of “making the election competitive” is a waste of time and resources. If Hillary Clinton had run unopposed for the Presidency or Bernie Sanders had run unopposed for the Democratic Party nomination, I would not have spent time trying to find them an opponent, and I would look on those who did as either fools or ideological opponents. What does it say when people on “the left” are saying that our inability to have “our” candidates acclaimed is tantamount to an act of war by the “neo-liberal centrists”? Uh, it says there’s an ideological split within the party that’s being contested by a different faction? Which is just about the most banal thing there is? As a fairly left-wing person myself, I am very troubled by the idea that it is somehow not kosher to recruit candidates to run in a competitive election against one who has been anointed as the “darling of the left”. There’s a difference between “wrong” and “illegitimate.” It was of course in no way an illegitimate act of politics to recruit Perez. Log in to Reply sibusisodan says: March 6, 2017 at 2:45 pm If you have a candidate and they’re a good candidate, I would submit that going out and trying to find another one for the sole purpose of “making the election competitive” is a waste of time and resources. This strongly depends on the position, surely? The reason we have campaigns is (partly) to test how suitable someone will be for the role – insofar as a campaign tests for this. Having more than one person in the running increases the accuracy of the test, provides feedback to the winner, and strengthens the candidate. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 3:42 pm The reason we have campaigns is (partly) to test how suitable someone will be for the role – insofar as a campaign tests for this. I would submit that campaigns do not test for that in any meaningful way. Log in to Reply sibusisodan says: March 6, 2017 at 3:53 pm I kinda know what you mean – HRC would have been great for the job, but is not a stellar campaigner. But: It is a decent test for the ability to be a standard bearer, a representative of a coalition, to demonstrate that you are someone people wish to give their consent to be led by – the nebulous soft skills of leadership. Someone who is found out at the campaign stage on this won’t be a good leader as someone who makes it through. So we actively want those kind of tests in our putative leaders. And one of those tests is competition for the role. Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 4:06 pm HRC would have been great for the job, but is not a stellar campaigner. She’s gotten a majority of the votes, sometimes by several million, in every race she’s ever had. One might think that at some point she would no longer be viewed as a not-stellar campaigner. sibusisodan says: March 6, 2017 at 4:30 pm Abbey – true! Perhaps I should say that Clinton’s abilities as a campaigner are exceeded by her abilities in elected office? Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 4:42 pm One might think that at some point she would no longer be viewed as a not-stellar campaigner. Clinton is a good campaigner. Not great. But good. However, it is hard to evaluate because there’s been so much baggage attached to her name by the VRWC that it is hard to determine “did this happen because Clinton isn’t amazing at campaigning?” or “did this happen because people are terrible and will not respond to her just for the visceral, misogynist thrill of sticking it to the Hildebeast?” I prefer to stick to the more neutral formulation that Clinton’s numbers often run behind what you’d expect for someone of her clear competency in office and political history. FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:14 pm Hillary Clinton had run unopposed for the Presidency or Bernie Sanders had run unopposed for the Democratic Party nomination, I would not have spent time trying to find them an opponent, and I would look on those who did as either fools or ideological opponents. Murc, I don’t know you, OK, but I find this impossible to credit. Also, finding a credible challenger to a flawed front runner–is pretty much the origin story of Barack Obama. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 3:41 pm Murc, I don’t know you, OK, but I find this impossible to credit. … you think that if Hillary Clinton had been running for President unopposed, I would have spent time and energy trying to find someone to oppose her? Really? I mean… it’s not impossible, I suppose, but it would have involved me finding someone to her left, which would fulfill my previously-stated criteria of “ideological opponent.” I for damn sure would NOT have gone looking for another candidate if Sanders had been running for the Democratic nomination unopposed, tho. I can tell you that. Also, finding a credible challenger to a flawed front runner–is pretty much the origin story of Barack Obama. Nobody had to “find” Obama. And even if they had had to, it would have been because people had problems with Clinton’s candidacy and wanted an alternative. But the key word there is “had problems.” If you don’t have problems with a persons candidacy, why would you waste time and effort looking for an alternative candidate? Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:50 pm I remember a story about a group of liberal taste-makers, including Eric Alterman and maybe William Greider, personally imploring Obama to run for president in ’08 even though he had only recently entered the Senate. FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:55 pm But there are many ways to “have problems with” a person’s candidacy for any office. I don’t see why the view is so prevalent that it _obviously_ has to be ideological or affiliation-based. Why not “let’s make a race of it and see how Frontrunner responds?” Because there is a long, long history of that, IMHO including the Obama candidacy in 2008. Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 4:37 pm I remember a story about a group of liberal taste-makers, including Eric Alterman and maybe William Greider, personally imploring Obama to run for president in ’08 even though he had only recently entered the Senate. I am of the opinion that Obama’s 2008 Presidential campaign began on July 27th, 2004. But there are many ways to “have problems with” a person’s candidacy for any office. I don’t see why the view is so prevalent that it _obviously_ has to be ideological or affiliation-based. True, but I’m operating under the assumption the people involved aren’t dumb. If your problems with a candidate are neither ideological, competency, or affiliation based, what does that leave that’s actually substantive? Why not “let’s make a race of it and see how Frontrunner responds?” … because this is idiotic? “Hey! Let’s make it a race? Why? To provoke a reaction! WOO!” FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 5:07 pm “I dunno, I like Ellison fine but who else is out there?” That’s idiotic? “I dunno, I like Ellison fine but the guy I really wish was running is the guy I really wish had been Hillary’s Vice President? What’s he up to lately — nothing?” Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 4:40 pm One might question why anyone would enter a race for any reason other than winning. Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 6:07 pm One might question why anyone would enter a race for any reason other than winning. Well, you can sometimes get substantive results even from a loss. Many people enter political races, especially presidential ones, to force the issues they care about to be confronted in a public forum and for people to have to make public political commitments for which they can later be held accountable. That’s not nothing. Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 3:15 pm Uh, yes? If you have a candidate and they’re a good candidate, I would submit that going out and trying to find another one for the sole purpose of “making the election competitive” is a waste of time and resources. I mean, seriously, Murc? Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 3:45 pm Yes? I’m dead serious. “Making the election competitive,” in isolation, is a waste of time and resources. “I don’t like this candidate, lets find a better one” isn’t, however. Log in to Reply ThusTweetedAnderson says: March 6, 2017 at 7:22 pm I find it curious that people who wanted a guy to run unopposed are holding themselves out as qualified to opine on who can best help the Dems win elections. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 7:45 pm … why? I want a lot of things that aren’t going to happen. I would hazard a guess that most of us do. Why does that imply they’re somehow unqualified to talk about related topics? a_paul_in_mtl says: March 6, 2017 at 3:17 pm It’s not “wrong” either unless you believe it is wrong to run against the Anointed One of the Left, or to support anyone running against same. Again, given the actual nature of the post and the actual policies of the candidates in question the most you could possibly say about the ideological stakes is that this could be seen as a dry run for future contests, such as primaries. So, suppose we do that. In that case, I must tell you again that rather than gripe about our ideas and “anointed ones” being contested, we leftists have to figure out how to actually win those contests. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 3:48 pm It’s not “wrong” either Whether it is wrong or not depends on your reasons for doing so and what the likely outcomes are. In that case, I must tell you again that rather than gripe about our ideas and “anointed ones” being contested, we leftists have to figure out how to actually win those contests. I can do both, and I reject your condescending “anointed one” bullshit. The implication is that I’m not thinking, but rather simply clapping like a seal whenever the Dear Leader of the moment tells me to. Log in to Reply a_paul_in_mtl says: March 6, 2017 at 4:14 pm Whether it is wrong or not depends on your reasons for doing so and what the likely outcomes are. Whatever that means. I reject your condescending “anointed one” bullshit. The implication is that I’m not thinking, but rather simply clapping like a seal whenever the Dear Leader of the moment tells me to. No, actually. It refers to the fact that you appear to believe that once a candidate has been anointed as the Candidate of “the Left”, it is an intolerable attack on “the Left” to run against that candidate or encourage anyone to do so. You can find that characterization “condescending” if you wish – I find your position to be antidemocratic and authoritarian, so I guess there’s room for everyone to take offense to the extent that we wish to. Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 4:33 pm It refers to the fact that you appear to believe that once a candidate has been anointed as the Candidate of “the Left” it is an intolerable attack on “the Left” to run against that candidate or encourage anyone to do so. I don’t believe anything of this sort and I resent both the accusation and the way it is formulated. I find your position to be antidemocratic and authoritarian, Missing: evidence or reasoning, simply bare assertion. djw says: March 6, 2017 at 8:36 pm I wouldn’t describe your position here in quite such harsh terms, Murc, but it’s pretty bizarre. Let’s say I’m a Democratic insider who knows Ellison and Perez, and in my estimation, Ellison would be a B+ DNC chair, but Perez would be a A DNC chair. So when Ellison announces and gets some elite support, I think “Oh good, at a minimum it looks like we’ll have our best DNC chair in a while, but holy crap we need all the help we can get, so I’ll tell the A guy I’d like to see him run too.” The notion that there’s something wrong with that–that once a candidate who clears some bar in terms of quality has announced, it’s bad form for anyone else to join the race is literally a principle I’ve never seen advanced in any other context. I don’t doubt you’re serious here, but it’s a very, very idiosyncratic position. Furthermore, I really do think the fact that this is an election of a group of a few hundred party elites, not actual voters, does, I think, make it quite a bit more like “applying for a job” in the conventional sense than running for popularly elected office. It’s not exactly like either, but it’s at least as close to the former as it is to the latter. a_paul_in_mtl says: March 6, 2017 at 3:28 pm If I’m applying for a job it is not necessary for me to think the other candidates must be grossly unqualified. If someone encourages me to apply for a position it is not necessary for them to believe that no qualified candidates have yet applied. Who here seriously believes that when people from the same party run in a presidential primary it is necessarily because they believe the other candidates would be a disaster? Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 3:52 pm If I’m applying for a job it is not necessary for me to think the other candidates must be grossly unqualified. If someone encourages me to apply for a position it is not necessary for them to believe that no qualified candidates have yet applied. Jobs are so vastly different from political campaigns and public office that this analogy doesn’t hold in any way, shape, or form. Who here seriously believes that when people from the same party run in a presidential primary it is necessarily because they believe the other candidates would be a disaster? If you’re contesting a presidential primary, seriously in it to win it I mean and not just out to raise awareness or force ideological concessions out of the party, it is either because you believe you would do a better job than any of your opponents, or because you’re a big enough narcissist you just want to be president. What other reasons could there be? Log in to Reply Tom in BK says: March 6, 2017 at 4:11 pm x. forget it, i’m not getting dragged into this kvs says: March 6, 2017 at 7:04 pm Presidents also get to pick their staff and make appointments. a_paul_in_mtl says: March 6, 2017 at 4:17 pm If you’re contesting a presidential primary, seriously in it to win it I mean and not just out to raise awareness or force ideological concessions out of the party, it is either because you believe you would do a better job than any of your opponents, or because you’re a big enough narcissist you just want to be president. So this is the great neo-liberal sin of Perez and Obama: believing that Perez could do a better job as DNC Chair than Ellison. And for that we have all this hullabaloo? Brilliant. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 4:29 pm So this is the great neo-liberal sin of Perez and Obama: believing that Perez could do a better job as DNC Chair than Ellison. Way to move those goalposts from “the guys who actively went looking for someone to take down Ellison” to “Perez and Obama specifically.” Motivations matter. Reasoning matters. FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 2:35 pm Why would interest in a candidate other than Ellison be tantamount to finding Ellison “unfit”? Imagine this: “Ellison is Bernie’s guy, but the Obama team won two presidential elections, and maybe we shouldn’t be so hasty in responding to Hillary’s loss as though it’s a repudiation of Obama and Obama approaches too?”. I’ve been kind of astounded to see people rushing to anathematize Obama’s people as “establishment,” symptomatic of various dire problems, etc. Log in to Reply liberal says: March 6, 2017 at 3:15 pm Yeah. The Republicans controlling umpteen numbers of state governments isn’t a dire problem. LOL. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:19 pm The reason why Democrats no longer hold the statehouse in Oklahoma and Arkansas is obviously that Obama didn't listen to progressives enough. Log in to Reply liberal says: March 6, 2017 at 3:24 pm Yawn. That’s right; the party is healthy everywhere outside of the Deep South and places like OK and AR. It’s doing great in PA, WI, MI, and OH. And the bit about “listening to progressives”? Where did I mention that? I’m talking about competence. I see no evidence that the Party, under the leadership (yes, he was the leader) of Obama has been competently run. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:26 pm Then say that, dude. Name the problem. “LOL.” FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:30 pm Ellison was first elected to Congress in 2006, IIRC. Isn’t he as much a product of the Obama-era DNC as anyone? Why is he an outsider not an insider or part of the solution more than the problem? kvs says: March 6, 2017 at 6:59 pm The Party isn’t a monolith. EliHawk says: March 6, 2017 at 3:27 pm The DNC literally has ownership of one race: POTUS. Everything else has their own specialized committees, from the DCCC to the DSCC to the DGA to the DLCC to DAGA. So, go with the latter three for state governments. Log in to Reply efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 2:43 pm Perez was recruited. So. Fucking. What. Enough already. Let it the fuck go. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 3:02 pm So. Fucking. What. So the political agendas and motivations of those who did so are as open to question and judgment as anyone elses. Log in to Reply liberal says: March 6, 2017 at 3:16 pm Nope. Questioning the motivations of the party establishment is verboten. Log in to Reply efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 5:11 pm Questioning the motivations of the party establishment is verboten. That’s what the election was for. Jeebus H on a Triscuit. It’s over. Start working on the future or get the fuck out. I probably won’t live to see it, but I KNOW that in 2028 somebody will start whining about the 2016 primary even though both candidates and many other of the actors will be dead. Log in to Reply kvs says: March 6, 2017 at 6:57 pm That’s a sucker bet. We were still comparing BernieBros to Clinton PUMAs this cycle. kvs says: March 6, 2017 at 6:54 pm Possibility 3: Obama people wanted more say in national party jobs than they’d get with Ellison. Log in to Reply RonC says: March 6, 2017 at 1:56 pm I never suggested that he might not be capable of getting Democrats, of a certain type, elected. My point was and is that he is part of the Carter/Clinton/Obama wing of the party and they are making sure that the rest of us know who is in charge. By the way it ain’t you or me. You just keep on telling yourself that we’ve done just fine for the last 40 years right up until this last presidential election and this is what we need a lot more of. Log in to Reply mds says: March 6, 2017 at 2:03 pm the Carter/Clinton/Obama wing of the party Okay, I admit I was taken in by your performance art until this bit, then I just started laughing. Well-played. Log in to Reply Joseph Slater says: March 6, 2017 at 2:25 pm Somebody in another thread pointed out that the “Clinton/Obama” wing of the party is at least 80% of the party. But adding “Carter” is a brilliant touch. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 2:36 pm I think that 80% remark may have been me… Log in to Reply rea says: March 6, 2017 at 2:51 pm Brings in most of the remaining 20%, and clues us in that the author has no interest in actually electing anyone. Log in to Reply RonC says: March 6, 2017 at 2:42 pm We just need to continue to charge down that very same road we’ve been on for the last 40 years or so, it’s worked so well. The point isn’t that someone else ran, the point is that the person who ran was of the establishment that lost us everything and that he managed to win this inbred election anyway. So you keep telling me that I’m too purist to deserve to win and I will keep looking at who controls the entire country right now. And then I will ask just how did my purism get us here? Particularly since as a liberal I’ve compromised and compromised and compromised with whatever you want to call those in charge of the Democratic party now and since at least Carter. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 2:48 pm Whoever started this “establishment” bullshit really has a lot to apologize for. It’s not an argument. It’s just name calling crossed with pantomime villainy. Log in to Reply efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 5:13 pm Whoever started this “establishment” bullshit really has a lot to apologize for. Also how is a guy who’s been in congress for 25 fucking years not “establishment?” Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 5:31 pm I think it’s mostly the hair. Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 5:43 pm And the birds. tsam says: March 6, 2017 at 5:56 pm I had him pegged as establishment when I heard his Bugs Bunny accent. FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 2:50 pm You seriously think the same people, or people standing for the same ideas and interests, have run the Democratic Party in an unbroken line since _Carter_? This is a joke, right? Log in to Reply efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 3:00 pm So you keep telling me that I’m too purist to deserve to win That is not, in fact, what we told ypu. The fact that the holier than though alternate candidate, who received millions fewer votes FROM DEMOCRATS in the primary [Oh! Stupid Democrats!!] registered for re-election AS AN INDEPENDENT – AGAIN, before last election even happened tells us pretty much all we need to know about you and the people you support. The hard core, bitter ender Wilmerbots couldn’t be assed to work to elect Democrats, or to vote for them, or to vote at all. Log in to Reply tsam says: March 6, 2017 at 3:18 pm too purist to deserve to win This is politics. Deserving isn’t a factor in any of it. Again–look up the definition of the word coalition and meditate on it for a while. Politics in the USA exists only in a framework of voters and donors. You can want whatever the fuck you want out of politicians, but all you’re going to get is an echo of the what the electorate wants. That’s why things like the New Deal and European socialism all formed in the wake of catastrophes. You can’t just elect socialists in the US and expect socialism to start happening. You have to drag the electorate with you. Attacking Democrats is not helping your cause in the least. All you’re doing is alienating the only people who will at least tolerate your ignorance of reality. Log in to Reply Harkov311 says: March 6, 2017 at 4:34 pm You’ve got it backwards, man. You don’t make the party go somewhere, then demand the public just accept it. First, you make the public agree with you. You’ll notice the Democrats became much more friendly to LGBT rights after the public itself came around on these issues. I’m still old enough to remember when civil unions were a radical position, and I’m not even that old. The parties go where the public goes. Not the other way around. Log in to Reply ForkyMcSpoon says: March 6, 2017 at 7:14 pm It’s interesting how Tom Perez is responsible for how politics have gone in the US for longer than my lifetime and for how the Democratic Party has fared the past 8 years. I was unaware that the Civil Rights Division of the DOJ and the Dept of Labor are the centers for national Democratic strategy. I suspect this is similar to how Hillary Clinton was responsible for tax policy in 1992. Log in to Reply Dennis Orphen says: March 6, 2017 at 2:47 pm The Carter/Clinton/Obama wing of the party is the reason I’m a Democrat. Log in to Reply RonC says: March 6, 2017 at 2:49 pm Then you should be a Republican Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 2:53 pm So the at least 90% of the Democratic Party that still has fondness for Carter, Clinton, and Obama are equivalent to “Republicans”? You do realize that this means about 5% of the country qualifies as Democrats, right? Still wonder why you feel like you have to compromise all the time? Log in to Reply RonC says: March 6, 2017 at 3:01 pm Well if you’re right we’re fucked. As a country, I mean. FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:09 pm The next time you’re in a zone of neutral territory, like the dog park or the gym, strike up a conversation about politics. See how often the piece of shared ground is “the problem with Democrats like Barack Obama is that they’re too conservative.” Far more often you’ll hear that Democrats are too liberal. You’ll hear it _from Democrats_. tsam says: March 6, 2017 at 3:05 pm You guys would be much more persuasive if you didn’t say dumb shit like this, which is a cue to ignore just about everything you say. I mean, feel free to call people in the party with Elizabeth Warren and Hillary Clinton the same as Donald Trump if you want, but it just makes you look like a petulant asshole. Log in to Reply efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 3:07 pm Then you should be a Republican You should vote for Stein, again, the next time. Unlike the RWNJ Flying Monkeys, Democrats are a coalition of disparate races, economic classes, sexes, religions, educations and interests. Coalitions, by definition, require compromise. The fact that purity ponies like you don’t understand that means that you will ALWAYS be on the outside looking in, whining and moaning and stamping your wittwe feets, Log in to Reply rea says: March 6, 2017 at 3:10 pm I see. Like Ninotchka, you look forward to fewer but better Democrats, do you? Log in to Reply sleepyirv says: March 6, 2017 at 2:10 pm Scott, you have not given your own thoughts on what actually happen in the DNC chair race, even though there’s been like 50 posts about it. You said the candidates were very similar (True!), that you would be happy with either (They’re both great guys!), and the Bernie voters are a bunch of whiners who should just stop relitigating everything (Okay…). But WHY did Tom Perez enter the race? Did he just one day, after Ellison seemed to have it sewed up, go “huh, I really want to be DNC chair”? That Obama happen to get interested only after Perez entered the race to make phone calls for him? That the race was really about the IDEAS of the candidates, even though Perez and Ellison ran on the virtually same platform? To me, it’s clear that Perez was recruited by Obama admin types (including Obama!) to run against Ellison, because for whatever reason the Obama admin types didn’t trust Ellison or felt a very strong need to have some grip on the DNC chair. These are admittedly marginal goals: Ellison is not some crazy anti-Obama type and the DNC chair doesn’t have that much juice. But it was certainly predictable that it would antagonize Bernie supporters, who really like Ellison and have very bitter memories over Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 2:42 pm The number of Sanders supporters who know a blessed thing about Ellison and Perez other than BERNIE LIKE and OTHER GUY is infinitesimal. A lot of them write online. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 2:56 pm the Bernie voters Nah, nah, nah. Please do not generalize the relatively small number of Sanders supporters who wanted to use the DNC election to dramatically reenact the 2016 primaries to “Bernie voters.” But WHY did Tom Perez enter the race? Once again: because he thought he would do a good job, he didn’t have an obvious other option, and since almost everyone who has worked with him thinks very highly of him he had a strong base of support. Log in to Reply efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 3:11 pm almost everyone who has worked with him thinks very highly of him he had a strong base of support. Sellouts all. Log in to Reply liberal says: March 6, 2017 at 3:18 pm he didn’t have an obvious other option LOL. Yeah, Tom Perez wouldn’t have been able to find a job. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 3:22 pm “Politically prominent job,” obviously, but feel free to play dumb if you want. Log in to Reply mds says: March 6, 2017 at 3:48 pm I’m no longer certain ve’s playing. Log in to Reply efgoldman says: March 6, 2017 at 3:10 pm it was certainly predictable that it would antagonize Bernie supporters Wilmer supporters are as predictable in their own way as RWNJ Republiklowns. Log in to Reply SIWOTI says: March 6, 2017 at 7:03 pm Why did Tom Perez enter the race? Let’s list out some possible reasons: 1. Recruited by anti-Ellison/Sanders forces, because by December 14th, they were so concerned that Ellison had managed to corral about an eighth of the DNC chair vote. 2. Perez took a month after election to wallow in depression like many progressives, before trying to figure out his next step. 3. Maybe Perez thought that his odds of other elected political office, like Maryland governor, were pretty slim at the moment. 4. Maybe Perez saw an opening in the DNC race, with Howard Dean dropping out, and the other major competition being state Chairpersons and Ellison, to offer a contrasting candidacy that had experience in the South without outsize preexisting ties to any particular state Party. The simple fact is that by the time Tom Perez entered the race, it was still anyone’s game. Ellison had nothing sewn up. Ellison had more time than Perez did to make his case, and he still lost, for reasons both good and bad. And I think you’re neglecting one possibility for why Perez may have been urged to run: that others did not believe that Ellison was the right guy for DNC Chair. I like Ellison, I understand why so many people supported him, but from the beginning of the race, I did not believe that he was the right person for DNC Chair because I think he fundamentally misunderstood the problems that state parties face, which are more about resources and budgets than about organizing. And the easiest path to winning the DNC Chair is to convince the DNC members representing state parties that you will help them, because that is where the majority of the votes in the DNC are. That is what Perez did better than Ellison, and why he is DNC Chair. The whole establishment versus insurgent tribalism is a fundamental misreading of an event filtered through the skewed lens of everything having to be continuations of previous slights. The DNC race was way more about regional disparities in resource allocation among state Democratic Parties, like it was when Howard Dean won the DNC Chairmanship, than it was about conservative/liberal/leftist or Obama/Clinton/Sanders. When all the DNC candidates come from the progressive wing of the party, the real ideological battle about direction is over. Log in to Reply Brien Jackson says: March 6, 2017 at 9:23 pm “And I think you’re neglecting one possibility for why Perez may have been urged to run: that others did not believe that Ellison was the right guy for DNC Chair. I like Ellison, I understand why so many people supported him, but from the beginning of the race, I did not believe that he was the right person for DNC Chair because I think he fundamentally misunderstood the problems that state parties face, which are more about resources and budgets than about organizing. And the easiest path to winning the DNC Chair is to convince the DNC members representing state parties that you will help them, because that is where the majority of the votes in the DNC are. That is what Perez did better than Ellison, and why he is DNC Chair.” One sense I’ve kinda sorta gotten is that Ellison’s promise to quit Congress hurt him as much as he helped them. Ellison just really gave off the impression that he thought the DNC job was WAAAAAY bigger than it really is, and I don’t know that he ever managed to get past some people’s suspicion that he thought he was going to reorient the party ideologically from the position. This is a good example: He talked a lot about his experience in organizing, but THE DNC DOESN’T DO THIS, and from the position of DNC chair he’d be waaaaay above to level at which any of this stuff is getting done. Log in to Reply tsam says: March 6, 2017 at 1:31 pm We know because the neoliberals have tapped your phones. Bad (or sick) guys. Log in to Reply mds says: March 6, 2017 at 2:00 pm Yup, if there’s one thing this last election cycle has taught us, it’s that the putative Democratic left much prefers that the field be cleared for their anointed candidate, and contesting a nomination is offensive on principle. Log in to Reply Rob in CT says: March 6, 2017 at 3:22 pm IIRC, the final vote was 235-200. That’s 54-46%. Between a liberal and a slightly leftier liberal to run the DNC. And Ellison gets to be co-chair. From this, you conclude that you have been shat upon, all is lost, the perfidious Democrats will always neoliberal… Bernie’s strong showing in the primaries showed something. Ellison coming that close, and losing to Perez as opposed to some centrist showed something. I can only imagine the whining if/when the Democrats win their next big election and it turns out that many of the newbies in congress are impure b/c they ran in R-leaning districts. I mean, don’t get me wrong – it WILL be frustrating. But the way the House, in particular, is elected, that’s how it’s gonna be. How much of the US population do you think is to your left, by the way? Log in to Reply bianca steele says: March 6, 2017 at 3:27 pm It can only be that a bunch of these people think politics is self-generating and new “left energy” arises with each new generation, then weakens as its members hit 30. So ideology is useless, and dividing up proportions by how left or right they are is pointless. And that’s not dumb, if certain parameters are held constant, in some situations. But one of those isn’t “there are two ideologies, incompatible and strongly held by equally large parts of the population. Log in to Reply Murc says: March 6, 2017 at 3:54 pm You gotta stop hogging all the sense, Rob. Leave some for the rest of us! Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 2:20 pm Eight. Precisely eight members of Congress endorsed Sanders during the primary. Ellison was the most prominent. Perez endorsed Clinton, like almost every Democrat, elected or otherwise. There were actual, substantive differences between the candidates, and it is appropriate to use endorsements as a rough proxy for where people stood on those questions of policy and ideology. (In addition, Perez did use the truly silly “don’t force me to pay for Trump’s kids to go to school” argument during the primary.) Sanders won roughly 21 states despite receiving very few endorsements (eight), a far greater disparity than in other recent Democratic primaries. Plenty of Hillary supporters blamed Sanders, unfairly, for not doing enough for Clinton, or for not dropping out sooner than he did. Many of them regarded Sanders and his supporters with contempt. Ellison declared for the DNC race early, and won cross-cutting support from people like Chuck Schumer. Then … Perez entered the race with the pretty obvious backing of the anti-Sanders faction. People flat-out said Ellison was too far to the left for the job. People smeared his religion. People accused him of anti-semitism. And Perez won. But if anyone thinks this sequence of events is at all disturbing, they’re purity ponies. Sorry, but all of this papering over the actual dynamic of the race seems to me like the winners issuing a bland “come together, the election is in the past, I love everyone” message, which is always what winners do, even if they have sharp interests in the contest. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 2:39 pm And the anti-Perez people said various laughable things about his neoliberal corporatism. Sometimes loose cannons make stupid arguments. Log in to Reply liberal says: March 6, 2017 at 3:19 pm He did, in fact, support TPP. And I assume there are front pagers here (Loomis?) who would agree that TPP is (was?) a neoliberal abomination. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 3:35 pm Can you imagine the guy whose job involves labor taking a position that trade unions support? Horrifying! Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 3:52 pm He did, in fact, support TPP. It is highly unusual that a member of a president’s cabinet would support the president’s policies in public, and surely said cabinet member’s ideological views should be reduced to these instances, with particular attention to ignoring actions where he had more discretion. You are a very astute analyst of politics indeed. Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 4:20 pm This is silly question begging. Yes, he supported TPP as a member of the administration. That doesn’t mean it wasn’t a difference in the primaries. Ascribing a reason other than Democrat perfidy for a policy difference doesn’t make it … not a difference. Log in to Reply Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 5:19 pm Ascribing a reason other than Democrat perfidy for a policy difference doesn’t make it … not a difference. Ascribing a reason other than Democrat perfidy for a policy difference doesn’t make it Ascribing a reason other than Democrat perfidy Democrat perfidy Democrat perfidy Democrat perfidy Democrat perfidy Democrat perfidy New band name I call it. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 5:48 pm It’s not a difference that tells you anything important about Perez or Ellison. That’s the point. Implying that Perez is a neoliberal because of his support for TPP in the context of being Secretary of Labor is incredibly stupid. Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 7:30 pm It’s not a difference that tells you anything important about Perez or Ellison. Just in: publically stated policy differences not acceptable evidence of candidates’ policy preferences, so long as those positions are even arguably dictated by contingent circumstances. The problem with your logic is that Perez’s position is still his position. That he may have adopted it because it was the administration position doesn’t mean it necessarily wasn’t his preference, and it obviously shouldn’t be a deflection shield from criticism, because he still took the position. “He wasn’t really pro-TPP, he was just toeing the line, which precludes any line of criticism premised on support for TPP.” I’m tired of winning, because there’s so much winning. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 11:11 pm and it obviously shouldn’t be a deflection shield from criticism, because he still took the position. This is deeply silly. What, every cabinet member should resign unless the president not to their right on any single issue? And, of course, virtually 100% of the people who think (or pretend to think) that the TPP was Tom Perez’s Sincere Position also believe Hillary Clinton was pro-TPP despite her publicly stated views to the contrary, so nobody really believes what you’re arguing here. Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 11:52 pm This is deeply silly. What, every cabinet member should resign unless the president not to their right on any single issue? No. But the record follows you. And, of course, virtually 100% of the people who think (or pretend to think) that the TPP was Tom Perez’s Sincere Position also believe Hillary Clinton was pro-TPP despite her publicly stated views to the contrary, so nobody really believes what you’re arguing here. She supported it again and again as Secretary of State. People took that into account. You’re really arguing that a politician should be free from criticism concerning policies she supported while serving as an appointee. That is not a widely accepted principle, to say the least. nemdam says: March 6, 2017 at 5:12 pm Nobody brings this up, but this was also true for Hillary. She supported TPP as a member of Obama’s cabinet, and her first public stance about it as her independent self was in opposition. But she wasn’t “authentic” about it or something so let’s disrupt the DNC with “No TPP” signs and screams. Log in to Reply mds says: March 6, 2017 at 2:46 pm But if anyone thinks this sequence of events is at all disturbing, they’re purity ponies. I think this is a little too sweeping. Change it to “almost anyone,” and I concur wholeheartedly. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 3:00 pm and it is appropriate to use endorsements as a rough proxy for where people stood on those questions of policy and ideology. This is laughably wrong, indeed, self-refuting. Are you seriously saying that all but 8 members of the Democratic caucus are closer to Hillary Clinton than Bernie ideologically? Clinton had overwhelming support because everybody thought she would win. Christ. Perez has a record. He’s a left-liberal with views that are not meaningfully different than Ellison’s. Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 4:17 pm That’s really not the argument you want to make, because it’s an implicit concession that a bunch of electeds who found Sanders’s policies more appealing than Clinton’s endorsed her wholly because her victory was a fait accompli, despite their divergent policy preferences. And people wonder why the left thinks “the establishment” truly “rigged” the primary. Of course that didn’t happen, but what you’re saying is a more sophisticated version of the same: irrespective of policy, Clinton had deep roots in the party such that there wasn’t going to be a genuine contest based on issues at least for endorsements. And there’s significant literature that endorsements drive victory, with notable exceptions. Log in to Reply sibusisodan says: March 6, 2017 at 4:23 pm irrespective of policy, Clinton had deep roots in the party such that there wasn’t going to be a genuine contest based on issues. I long for the days when campaigns for elected office were genuine, based on the issues, and the issues alone. When did we lose that? Log in to Reply rea says: March 6, 2017 at 4:26 pm 1789 Log in to Reply Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 4:28 pm I long for the days when campaigns for elected office were genuine, based on the issues, and the issues alone. When did we lose that? 1796? Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 4:29 pm Yes, and this is literally the first year in history that a group of people with outlier ideological views did not want their views minimized by the major party most congenial to their views. Really an astonishing break with the past. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 10:54 pm Yes, and this is literally the first year in history that a group of people with outlier ideological views did not want their views minimized by the major party most congenial to their views. But what is fairly unusual is that the party’s platform bore a strong resemblance to runner-up’s, making hash of claims that their views were “minimized.” Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 5:11 pm Right, the primary should have been contested on the basis of “the issues,” like who is or isn’t an uninspiring neoliberal buzzkill. Log in to Reply Scott Lemieux says: March 6, 2017 at 5:44 pm That’s really not the argument you want to make Why? What could you possibly think I’m arguing? because it’s an implicit concession that a bunch of electeds who found Sanders’s policies more appealing than Clinton’s endorsed her wholly because her victory was a fait accompli “Implicit”? It’s a statement of the blindingly obvious. Of course ideology is not the only factor that determines the outcome of primaries. Of course cultivating relationships with important party officials over time makes them more likely to endorse you. If the plan for an insurgent primary campaign is to have primary campaigns conducted on a Platonic Realm of Pure Ideology, there is no plan. Ye gods. And there’s significant literature that endorsements drive victory, with notable exceptions. When the “notable exceptions” include 40% of the last 5 major party contested primaries, and another contest had a very strong runner-up… Anyway, sure, endorsements matter. People want to associate themselves with the perceived frontrunner. This is Politics 101. If this is what “rigging” means every election that ever was and will ever be has been “rigged.” Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 7:13 pm “Implicit”? It’s a statement of the blindingly obvious. If you can’t see why it shouldn’t appear to be so obvious in practice — why the cultivation of elite relationships should not seem like the dispositive factor in the “endorsement primary” — I really don’t think I’m the one who’s missing the blindingly obvious. One of Clinton’s weaknesses coming out of the primary was the broad perception that she was in the line of succession, and she won because her nomination had been deferred in 2008. The press talked about “an air of dynastic entitlement.” Trump was able to say Bernie was treated “very unfairly” and the DNC’s preference was obvious even if their role was exaggerated. So of course a lot of that was bullshit. But in an election where Clinton’s air of inevitability was a significant detriment, for people to be saying, “Duh! She gained unified party support at the outset of the primary because she had cultivated the right relationships with the right people, and ideological preference was a marginal consideration!” is really something. It’s almost a master class in not getting it. Log in to Reply Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 7:19 pm The press talked about l.o.l. Also, too, Democrat perfidy. Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 7:24 pm You … Do realize that I used the phrase jokingly? Log in to Reply Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 7:33 pm Which one, babe? Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 7:36 pm All of them. But especially “Democrat perfidy.” djw says: March 6, 2017 at 9:16 pm That’s really not the argument you want to make, because it’s an implicit concession that a bunch of electeds who found Sanders’s policies more appealing than Clinton’s endorsed her wholly because her victory was a fait accompli, despite their divergent policy preferences. Politicians engaging in politics. Shocking and dismaying. This comment, in GIF Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 9:39 pm First of all: I’m not actually conceding that the people who endorsed Sanders weren’t to the left of most of Congress, i.e., that my original statement is true, and endorsements for Sanders do correlate with a generally more left-wing record in Congress, or as I put it originally, serve as proxy for policy positions. (Though plenty of strong progressives endorsed Clinton, too.) Second: I’m not shocked that politicians are engaged in politics. I’m a little shocked at how obtuse people are being with regard to appearances. Specifically, political advantage or personal loyalty should not seem like a “but for” motive on issues where there are clear ideological and characterological stakes. Otherwise, it can look like a groundswell of support for an outsider candidate is receiving no echo of party support because of existing personal loyalties to establishment figures. That is not a great “narrative” for a party to overcome in a general election. It’s not that politics happens. It’s that the Democratic party completely lost control of how the primary contest read to the electorate at large. And I think too many mainstream Democrats are sticking their fingers in their ears and saying if only everything had gone right for Hillary Clinton, she’d have won, and there’d be no problems. I like Perez fine. I don’t like the context of the DNC race. Log in to Reply Brien Jackson says: March 6, 2017 at 9:46 pm Pro tip: Most people who are actually involved in political/organizing/activist work don’t actually rank ideology as a huge concern. For example, most union organizers I know supported Clinton over Sanders largely because Bernie Sanders won’t do a fucking thing to help them. Vote for a bill? Say something about unions in a Senate speech? Sure. But make calls to help with a fundraising drive or lobby on a bill in some state legislature somewhere because a legislative director at the SEIU made a request to his office. Not a fucking chance! That shit matters to people who do this as a professional and throw in 60 hour weeks, with much of the time unpaid and grueling, because they believe in the work they’re doing. For whatever reason, Sanders just will not do that kind of work for more or less anyone, whether politician or interest group. And as a result he just doesn’t have very many allies because, well, solidarity is important and if there’s one thing Bernie Sanders does NOT do it’s solidarity. Log in to Reply Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 10:14 pm Spending most of his career as an independent is a pretty big tipoff. And I’m talking about perception. The perception of the primary was that an insurgent socialist candidate built a head of steam on the enthusiasm of young voters, but the party did something to cut his legs out from under him so their preferred candidate could win. In reality, a Vermont socialist with no history of national outreach failed to perform capably across the demographic groups that comprise the Democratic party. I’m just … surprised that people fail to see or admit the optics issue of it seeming like Sanders could not get endorsements for his campaign even among people who appreciated his policy positions — because loyalty to Clinton, and faith in her inevitability, was an overriding factor in their choice for endorsement. But then, the entire reason I raised the issue here is that Ellison was one of the few people who did support Sanders, and people on the left are inferring — not unreasonably! — that pro-Clinton people in the party stood up a candidate to oppose Ellison for that reason. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 10:30 pm It could also be that once again a portion of the party that is small, weak, and abrasive didn’t get its way and proceeded to concoct yet another self-indulgent theory about how THE REAL REASON was that they had too much integrity. Nick056 says: March 6, 2017 at 10:44 pm It could also be that once again a portion of the party that is small, weak, and abrasive didn’t get its way and proceeded to concoct yet another self-indulgent theory about how THE REAL REASON was that they had too much integrity. He was a candidate supported by Bernie Sanders and Chuck Schumer, and Democrats bitter about the primary went looking for a fight at the expense of party unity. Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 10:51 pm Democrats bitter about the primary The Democrats you’re talking about won the primary. By three million votes. I don’t know why they would be bitter. Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 10:53 pm PS Anyone who is willing to give the country to neoconfederate fascists because they got their feelings hurt over a DNC chair race should do us all a favor and go drink bleach. bianca steele says: March 6, 2017 at 10:10 pm Politicians engaging in politics. Shocking and dismaying. Vote by plebiscite of the people who could get sitters is the only true democracy. Log in to Reply Harkov311 says: March 6, 2017 at 3:26 pm I just really don’t get the people who scream about how imperfect the Democrats are even though they control basically nothing. How can any intelligent alleged liberal look at the current political situation and somehow believe that the most important issue is whether Democrats are socialist enough. Since they’re not in power, I’d say it matters very fucking little. Log in to Reply Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 3:30 pm How can any intelligent alleged liberal look at the current political situation and somehow believe that the most important issue is whether Democrats are socialist enough. The people doing that would rush to assure you they’re not liberal, they’re leftist, and liberals are The Worst. Log in to Reply Dennis Orphen says: March 6, 2017 at 4:14 pm A wise man once said to me that being liberal could be difficult because liberals were hated by both the right and the left. Log in to Reply Rob in CT says: March 6, 2017 at 4:33 pm Hey, don’t leave out themselves! Log in to Reply ForkyMcSpoon says: March 6, 2017 at 9:20 pm Don’t be so sure about that. During the primaries I was told that I was no liberal because I wasn’t anti-Clinton. (This guy was also telling me I supported drone bombing children or something as a result.) My response was to mock him for not even knowing that he was supposed to be insulting me by calling me a liberal, not by saying I wasn’t one. Log in to Reply Abbey Bartlet says: March 6, 2017 at 9:27 pm Smh they can’t even keep up with their own insults. Log in to Reply a_paul_in_mtl says: March 6, 2017 at 9:26 pm I made this point in the midst of a tangle upthread but I will restate it here, possibly more clearly: Let’s accept, just for the sake of argument, that this DNC election was a sort of power struggle between the “left” and “centrist” wings of the Democratic Party, and that Ellison was the Candidate of the Left. If the argument of the “Left” for Ellison was “We are entitled to the DNC chair position, Ellison is our man, therefore the party is duty bound to give it to Ellison by acclamation “, then it’s no wonder Ellison lost. That is not a winning electoral argument, and to anyone who on the Left who imagined that they could try that line in upcoming primaries, let this be a wakeup call. People can speculate all they like about how and why Perez was convinced that he would be the best candidate for DNC chair, but to believe that it was not actually necessary to think that Ellison would be a disaster or was utterly unsuitable. Politics actually does not work like that for the most part, at least when it comes to electoral contests within parties. But the claim that to run against “our” favored candidate is an intolerable act of perfidy is to demand the unconditional surrender of all other factions in the party and to demand the suspension of internal democracy within the party. If that’s the Left position on the Democratic Party, count me out. Log in to Reply Brien Jackson says: March 6, 2017 at 9:39 pm I mean fuck, this was exactly the dynamics of the Obama-Clinton race. There were very few policy/ideological differences between the two, and most of the race was mostly the two arguing about who would be more competent or have better judgments/instincts (which is probably why it was nastier than Clinton-Sanders ever got). It was literally two very similar candidates who both just thought they’d be better at the job than the other. And to add to the point about winning arguments, it definitely didn’t help “the left” that all of those invocations of the “unity” that electing Ellison would achieve were not at all veiled threats. Log in to Reply FlipYrWhig says: March 6, 2017 at 10:37 pm I just like seeing how quickly Obama got moved to the SUCH ESTABLISHMENT SO WOW side of the eternal struggle between insurgent upstarts and the ruthless soul-crushing machine that hasn’t been overcome… since Obama did it but shh that is central to my point. Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to receive more just like it. Subscribe via RSS Feed Privacy guaranteed. We'll never share your info. In Memoriam Scott Eric Kaufman Recent Comments (((CassandraLeo))) on Sexism on the Left Donna Gratehouse on Millions to Be Liberated From Neoliberal Bailout of the Health Insurance Industry JohnT on Millions to Be Liberated From Neoliberal Bailout of the Health Insurance Industry Merkwürdigliebe on Sexism on the Left Merkwürdigliebe on Sexism on the Left los on Millions to Be Liberated From Neoliberal Bailout of the Health Insurance Industry Darkrose on Millions to Be Liberated From Neoliberal Bailout of the Health Insurance Industry Fake Irishman on Millions to Be Liberated From Neoliberal Bailout of the Health Insurance Industry Darkrose on Millions to Be Liberated From Neoliberal Bailout of the Health Insurance Industry Fake Irishman on Millions to Be Liberated From Neoliberal Bailout of the Health Insurance Industry Recent Posts Millions to Be Liberated From Neoliberal Bailout of the Health Insurance Industry We Deserve Trump Sexism on the Left Slavery is an example of America’s can-do attitude The destruction of American public legal education These Things I Believe Cyber ABM “If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself.” Our Presidential Manchild The American Gestapo and Its Slave Labor Force Tags 2008 democratic primary 2012 Republican Primary academia agriculture barack obama baseball books china cities civil liberties civil rights Civil War climate change constitutional interpretation deaths education energy environment film food foreign policy gay and lesbian rights Gilded Age hacktacular health care higher education human rights immigration i see dead people labor music new gilded age nfl nonsense race racism reproductive freedom russia Sarah Palin slavery Supreme Court television texas This Day in Labor History wingnuttery Tweets from @drfarls/lawyers-guns-and-money Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Awards Paul Campos, Above the Law 2011 Lawyer of the Year Erik Loomis, HNN Cliopatria 2011 Best Series of Posts Who are We? Who are we? For administrative, advertising, or other inquiries, please e-mail here. Advertisement Legal Dictionary Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 blogroll Brad Delong Crooked Timber Daily Kos Danger Room Eschaton Ezra Klein Feministe Talking Points Memo Feministing Glenn Greenwald Juan Cole Monkey Cage © Lawyers, Guns & Money 2017. All rights reserved. | WordPress | WordPress Themes | XHTML
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Playwire Media Expands Senior Leadership Team by Appointing Industry Veteran Will Cohen to SVP of Product Management and Marketing Playwire Media Expands Senior Leadership Team by Appointing Industry Veteran Will Cohen to SVP of Product Management and Marketing Posted on March 6, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Former VP from Triad Retail Media will oversee efforts to drive business value for Playwire Media’s gaming and entertainment clients Deerfield Beach, Florida (PRWEB) March 06, 2017 Playwire Media, the largest online representation firm for reaching gaming and entertainment enthusiasts online, today announced the addition of Will Cohen to its senior leadership team in the role of Senior Vice President, Product Management and Marketing. In this new position, Cohen will be responsible for leading all of Playwire Media’s product and marketing business for the company’s gaming and entertainment clients, including GameStop, Activision and more. “Playwire’s reputation for building innovative, superior advertising technology solutions was a key driver in my decision to join the team,” said Cohen. “I look forward to leveraging my experience with some of the world’s largest brands and retailers to deliver high-performing products for Playwire’s impressive roster of clients and partners.” Prior to joining Playwire Media, Cohen served as Vice President of Mobile at Triad Retail Media for companies such as WalMart, eBay, Sam’s Club, CVS, Kohl’s, Staples and many other Fortune 500 retailers and brands. He also led and managed a mobile advertising network that he built for Triad. Prior to Triad, Cohen was the founder of the music marketing platform, SongSway. “We are thrilled to welcome Will to the Playwire team,” said Jayson Dubin, CEO, Playwire. “His experience in creating and leading successful mobile campaigns for some of the world’s biggest brands and retailers will help us further deliver on our promise to drive quality impressions with maximum monetization to our brand and publishing partners.” For more information, please visit http://www.playwiremedia.com/. About Playwire Media Playwire Media is a full-service digital innovation partner that leverages online advertising and proprietary technologies to build publishing brands in the gaming and entertainment verticals. Ranked by comScore as the largest rep firm for reaching gaming and entertainment enthusiasts online, their three publishing brands (GameZone Group, NowPlaying Entertainment, and Kids Club) provide a well-rounded digital entertainment offering for advertisers looking to target their audiences during their online leisure activities. Playwire Media’s family of digital entertainment websites is one of the largest in the world, comprised of more than 70 industry-leading brands. The exclusive nature of the company’s relationship with their partners allows them to provide highly customized, site-specific, and channel-wide advertising solutions for publishers and marketers alike. The company’s community has over 250 million unique visitors monthly in all 195 countries. Playwire Media is headquartered in Deerfield Beach, Florida and has business operations and satellite offices around the globe. For more information, please visit http://www.playwiremedia.com and on Twitter @playwire. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14119300.htm Latest News Dremel Partners with Project Lead The Way to Provide Transformative Learning Experiences for Students eSchoolView Helps Strengthen School Community on Other Side of the World BBB Identifies Top Scams Using New “Risk Index;” Home Improvement and Fake Check Scams Head the List Reginaldo Haslett-Marroquin to Speak at “In The Shadow of Green Man” Book Signing Hosted by Augsburg College Playwire Media Expands Senior Leadership Team by Appointing Industry Veteran Will Cohen to SVP of Product Management and Marketing doxo Welcomes Jim Kreyenhagen and Jon Helin to Executive Team Turner Chief Innovation Officer to Address Annual Lean Enterprise Institute Transformation Summit Cameron + Company Releases Award-Winning Artist’s New Monograph March 14 Habitat for Humanity New York City Announces New Leadership Council Fruit Me Up!® To Showcase Innovative Snack Pouches at 2017 Expo West © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Asda Asda fined £300,000 after dead mice and flies found at delivery depot Dead vermin and mouse droppings found during inspection at retailer’s distribution centre in Enfield, north London The dead mice were found in the bread section of the depot in Enfield during an inspection in May. Photograph: Enfield Council Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Damien Gayle @damiengayle Monday 6 March 2017 10.23 EST Last modified on Monday 6 March 2017 17.00 EST Asda has been fined £300,000 after dead mice and flies were discovered in the aisles of a home delivery depot that distributes food to online shoppers across London and Essex. The supermarket chain pleaded guilty to three breaches of the Food Safety and Hygiene (England) Regulations 2013 after inspectors found the dead vermin alongside mouse droppings and pupae shells at its distribution centre in Enfield, north London. Spilt foodstuffs, rotting coriander and gnawed cereal and sugar packets were also discovered. Asda, a subsidiary of the US retail giant Walmart, was also ordered to pay costs of £4,843.61 to Enfield council. Enfield Council (@EnfieldCouncil) Yuck, Asda fined £300,000 for hygiene failings after Enfield Council prosecutes.https://t.co/vlzG1Rp6MH#FSA #FoodHygiene pic.twitter.com/fdSg43Ft6F March 6, 2017 “It beggars belief that a national retailer would allow food to be stored in an environment where rodents are running riot,” Daniel Anderson, the council’s cabinet member for environment, said. “It is simply unacceptable for customers to be exposed to the potential risk of harm because a company cannot get its house in order and store foodstuff in a safe and hygienic manner. I am therefore pleased that magistrates have taken a tough stance and issued a heavy penalty. “Hopefully, it will send out a strong message to all retailers that we will not tolerate them being less than properly vigilant and ensuring their staff abide by their own stated hygiene policies to protect the health and wellbeing of their customers.” The fine was handed down at Highbury Corner magistrates court on Friday, almost a year after Enfield’s food safety inspectors visited the depot. The dead mice and flies were discovered in the bread section, mouse droppings on shelves and the gnawed cereal and sugar packets in the home baking aisle when the site was inspected on 27 May last year. An Asda spokesperson said in a statement that the company was “deeply sorry” for the “completely unacceptable” standards at Enfield. “On this occasion the strict processes we have in place failed at a local level,” the statement said. “We would like to reassure all our customers that immediate steps were taken as soon as the issue was flagged last year to restore the high standards that our customers expect from us.” Asda Retail industry Supermarkets Food safety London Food & drink news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Asda Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Republicans' Obamacare replacement bill: The winners and losers World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Netflix, Facebook and other techs remain red hot Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech From fleeing Iran to running an ed tech startup Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This could close the gender pay gap in 27 years Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz In Arizona, the mandated use of E-Verify has had mixed results Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Rolls-Royce makes a mini-Rolls for sick kids Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out This Michigan toymaker pledged never to go to China by Parija Kavilanz   @CNNMoney March 6, 2017: 8:37 AM ET These toys are made in the U.S. American Plastic Toys is a manufacturing anomaly. Nearly 90% of all toys sold in America are made in China. But for the last 55 years, American Plastic Toys has been making toys in Walled Lake, Michigan, a bucolic lakeside city 32 miles northwest of Detroit. "We've been in business since 1962 and have never considered offshoring to China," John Gessert, president and CEO of American Plastic Toys, told CNNMoney. The company stuck to that pledge, even as most of the nation's toy industry shifted production overseas in the 1980s to cut costs. "It's a lot easier to run a toy factory in China where requirements like employee protections don't exist," Gessert said. The company's factories operate on a 24-hour weekday schedule. Keeping production at home allowed American Plastic Toys to maintain continuous oversight of quality and integrity, he explained. When the company thought about sending its product molds overseas, they feared they would lose control of the designs and risk intellectual property loss if they didn't get the molds back. Related: Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. So American Plastic Toys stayed American. The company employs 300 workers across five facilities in Michigan and Mississippi, and its factories run on a 24-hour weekday schedule. American Plastic Toys makes more than 300 different toys for toddlers and preschoolers: plastic pail-and-shovel sets, cars, trucks, play kitchens, dollhouses, wagons, and toy strollers. They're sold in stores like Wal-Mart (WMT) and Walgreens (WBA). All of the plastic is bought domestically, said Gessert, and only 10% of toys include imported parts. The toys' prices start at $2 and cap at $100. The company is profitable, though Gessert declined to share specific financial information, and full-time employees receive a benefits package including healthcare and a 401(k). A toymaker in the heart of the auto industry "We're one of the most consistent employers in 50 years and probably the longest-running employer in the communities surrounding all three of our main facilities," said Gessert. The company employs 300 workers. Pat Hebert, facility manager, has been with American Plastic Toys for 29 years. His is one of many multi-generational families. "We have several employees who've been with us for over four decades," he said. Hebert's father helped set up a company factory in Rose City, Michigan, in the 1970s. It's where Hebert eventually joined him, first spending summers and learning the ropes of handling stock, molding and assembly line production. Related: Chinese manufacturers are setting up shop in the U.S. In Walled Lake, a city of about 7,000, American Plastic Toys is a source of pride and a symbol of resilience. The 280,000 square-foot plant is the largest building in the small community. The outskirts of town are dotted with firms servicing Detroit's automotive industry, but the area lacks much other industry. American Plastic Toys also works with area colleges to bring in interns, ensuring a future pipeline of workers. Related: Trump's win pushed this manufacturer to return to America Not offshoring has helped ensure longevity, Gessert said, as American Plastic Toys can "control the production process from start to finish." Staying close to its main market has also helped the toymaker to be nimble: The manufacturer refreshes its product mix twice a year and can quickly react to market trends. It's able to reduce costs by selling a higher volume of products, as bulk production is less expensive than manufacturing multiple small orders. The toymaker makes a variety of toys like plastic dollhouses, kitchen sets and trucks. The company also tweaked its production strategy over time in a "defensive move," Gessert said. "We shifted our toy mix from small labor-intensive items to larger items like kitchen sets that needed less labor to make." Looking forward, Gessert wants to keep innovating. "The toy business is seasonal. So you have to figure out how to keep your workers busy 12 months of the year," he said. One idea: Expand outside of toys into home-focused products. "It's important to not have tunnel vision but stay agile and try new things," he said. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 6, 2017: 8:37 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending The world will have 43% more super-rich people by 2026 GM is selling its European business in $2.3 billion deal Deutsche Bank to ask market for $8.5 billion after big losses Small Business Videos Watch Death Wish Coffee's free Super Bowl ad This is how Captain America learned to fight Search for Jobs Powered by Indeed Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Trulia Home Search Paid Partner Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Chicago Real Estate San Francisco Homes for Sale Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth New York Real Estate Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Costco Is Quietly Becoming a Digital Player The warehouse club isn't using drones or offering free delivery, but it is growing its e-commerce business. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Mar 6, 2017 at 10:06AM Costco (NASDAQ:COST) seemed to mostly ignore its online business until the start of its current fiscal year, about six months ago, when CFO Richard Galanti began devoting more time to explaining its e-commerce efforts during the company's quarterly earnings calls. In its 2017 first fiscal quarter, which covered the 2016 holiday season, Galanti noted that while overall digital sales had risen by 7% year over year, the numbers during the Black Friday period were much better. During the week of Thanksgiving and the two that followed, he said, digital sales had risen by the low to mid-teens. Those aren't in league with Amazon or even recent Wal-Mart growth numbers, but the holiday result showed that the company might be a viable digital player. Add in the fact that Galanti also spoke about the company investing in its digital operation, specifically by adding merchandise, as well as making it easier to check out and improving the returns process, and it started to become clear that the company no longer considers online sales an afterthought. Traditionally, Costco has been all about its brick-and-mortar locations. Image source: Costco. What is Costco doing? It's important to note that the warehouse club says it has not taken any focus off its physical stores in order to grow its digital business. The chain is expanding its online efforts, but that's an additive effort to its business, not, as it has been for many chains, a response to fewer people coming to its stores. For the 12 weeks ended in mid-February, Costco same-store sales were up 3% in the United States, 2% in Canada, and 3% internationally (when you factor out the impact from changes in gasoline prices and foreign exchange). In addition, the warehouse club has been steadily adding stores at a time when many retailers are closing them. Costco sees digital sales as a way to increase sales to members. Doing more business with the company may be most attractive to people who hold its rewards credit card, who get 2% back on all eligible purchases from the chain. People with an Executive Membership, which costs $110 per year (double the $55 regular members pay), get an additional 2% back on all purchases up to $750. An Executive Member who pays with the company's rewards credit card gets 4% cash back. How is Costco growing online sales? Costco built on its Q1 momentum by growing digital sales 12% in Q2 2017. The company did that, according to Galanti, by doing three things: adding more merchandise, improving the user experience for its website, and improving distribution logistics. On the merchandise side, the company improved its stock of faster-selling items, the CFO said during the Q2 earnings call, which was transcribed by Seeking Alpha (registration required). It also added Samsung appliances, more apparel brands, and various health and beauty products. Galanti also noted that the company had particular success selling 50 long-stem roses for $49.99, which included delivery in the period leading up to Valentine's Day. "That $49.99 price point for 50 long stem roses is $30 less than what we sold the same item for just a year ago," the CFO noted. Costco has also invested in making its website easier to use. That sounds like a small thing, but before the changes were made, buying from the warehouse club was a cumbersome process compared to other online retailers. "In terms of improving experience and functionality of the site, we've improved search, we've shortened the check-out process, and we've improved our member's ability to track their orders, and we'll continue to do some more of that," Galanti said. "Just recently, we automated much of our returns process, not only providing members a much better quality of service, but also reducing by more than 20%, in just the first couple of months, our call center volume related to returns." The CFO promised more improvements to come and also detailed how the chain has improved its distribution logistics. "In the U.S. and Canada, we now fulfill online orders from 11 depot distribution points, which, of course, allows for closer and fast delivery of online orders," he said. Why is this important? Shopping has slowly been moving from stores to digital. Costco has largely been immune to that because its stores are destinations in themselves -- an entertainment as much as a retail experience. But as people buy more items from online retailers, it will become harder for them to justify the time and effort it takes to go to a store. By improving its digital offering, Costco can serve its members who perhaps only need an item or two and would have otherwise purchased them from another online player. Digital sales are a defensive play for Costco, but also an additive one. Some customers may continue to value the in-store experience -- the samples, the food court, finding items you never knew you wanted -- but will also take advantage of being members when not in a store. The company has a long way to go, but it finally seems interested in getting there, which is good news for members and shareholders. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 10:06AM Consumer Goods Stocks Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $166.73 down $-3.53 (-2.07%) Read More 4 Things Costco's CFO Wants Investors to Know Wall Street's Warming Up to Costco Stock in 2017 What to Watch for When Costco Reports Q2 Results Costco Boosts Membership Fees, Hoping to Reverse Sliding Profits 2 More Wall Street Pros Check In on Costco Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Costco Is Quietly Becoming a Digital Player @themotleyfool #stocks $COST
I shaved my beard after the Kansas shooting to avoid appearing Muslim. These are the shameful realities of our time. Cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. (Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press) Prajwal ParajulyLos Angeles Times I first landed at the Kansas City airport in the wee hours of Jan. 7, 2003. I’d soon be starting university at a small liberal arts school in Kirksville, Mo., a three-hour road journey from Kansas City. It was my first time in the Midwest. It was my first time in America. I was sleep-deprived. The airline had lost my bags. I didn’t want to spend money on a hotel room. I’d have to wait at the airport until it was light. The school shuttle was scheduled to pick me up at 11 a.m. Friends and family in India often asked me why I’d go to the American Midwest for college. My reasons were simple. My high school grades were awful; they’d never get me into a good college in India. I’d Googled some combination of “award-winning+student+newspaper,” and Truman State University came up. It was the only school I had looked into. Without letting my parents know, I applied to it and was offered a scholarship. I told my parents about my plans only after I had been accepted. They were concerned. They would have been fine were I heading to the East or West Coast. They had heard stories — horror stories — about the American Midwest. They claimed these stories became more gruesome the farther you went from a big city. Kirksville was far from any big city — one had to drive an hour and a half to get to an Indian restaurant. My parents were afraid of racism. They were afraid of guns. They were afraid for me. I told them they had nothing to worry about, but 9/11 was still fresh in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t Islamic terrorism as much as the treatment of brown-skinned people that caused my family concern. My Hindu parents were afraid I’d be mistaken for a Muslim.  But I was in a college hungry for diversity. Most of my peers were from small-town America, the kind of people who responded to “Do you like Indian food?” with “I’ve never eaten Indian, but I’d like to try it.” Many were the kind who gave you a ride to Wal-Mart and asked that you repay the favor by accompanying them to church next Sunday. Many had never been on a plane. Some had never been outside the state. All were accepting. All were curious. All wanted to know more about other cultures. I showed some of these people how to eat with their fingers. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. On our weekly phone calls, my parents often asked about racial discrimination. There’s none, I’d say. A few minor incidents had occurred — when a cohort’s computer stopped working in the middle of a PowerPoint presentation, she asked me, and no one else in the 30-strong class, if I’d be able to help — but they came from ignorance, not malice. If anything, they were good conversation fodder. Soon, my parents stopped asking me about racism. My senior year of college, I interviewed for an account executive position at the Olathe Daily News. I’d heard of Olathe, a Kansas City suburb that was safe, wealthy and idyllic. I was happy to start my career there. To celebrate a successful interview, a few friends and I went out. A number of us had just turned 21, so we had started going to bars. I’d graduate soon. I had a well-paying job lined up. Life was great, I reflected, as I ordered another drink. That’s when the comment came. Its source was a tattooed man in shorts. He may have had only half his teeth, but I could be wrong. “[Damn] 9/11 people —what are we doing allowing them in the bar?” he spat out, using an expletive unfit for publication. His friends laughed. My friends were horrified. “Let’s leave,” someone said. “We are so sorry,” another remarked. “Naah. Let’s stay,” I said. “He’s entitled to an opinion. It’s not like he will shoot me.” That was 2006, a different time. We were naive. Last week, some maniac in Olathe, the place I was supposed to start my career, killed an Indian thinking he was Middle Eastern. The president of America finally deigned to condemn the incident. In India, we are all pretty shaken. Our worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. A few days ago, I took an international flight. The morning of my journey, I did something I had promised myself I’d never do: I shaved my beard so I wouldn’t be mistaken for a Muslim. I felt like a coward, but I shaved. I yearn for an era when I thought racism meant someone asking me if I was good at fixing computers because I was Indian. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. Los Angeles Times Prajwal Parajuly is the author of “Land Where I Flee” and “The Gurkha's Daughter.” He lives in New York, London and Kolkata, India. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times India Racism When we witness anti-Semitism, our response matters On being Muslim in Trump's America Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
I shaved my beard after the Kansas shooting to avoid appearing Muslim. These are the shameful realities of our time. Cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. (Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press) Prajwal ParajulyLos Angeles Times I first landed at the Kansas City airport in the wee hours of Jan. 7, 2003. I’d soon be starting university at a small liberal arts school in Kirksville, Mo., a three-hour road journey from Kansas City. It was my first time in the Midwest. It was my first time in America. I was sleep-deprived. The airline had lost my bags. I didn’t want to spend money on a hotel room. I’d have to wait at the airport until it was light. The school shuttle was scheduled to pick me up at 11 a.m. Friends and family in India often asked me why I’d go to the American Midwest for college. My reasons were simple. My high school grades were awful; they’d never get me into a good college in India. I’d Googled some combination of “award-winning+student+newspaper,” and Truman State University came up. It was the only school I had looked into. Without letting my parents know, I applied to it and was offered a scholarship. I told my parents about my plans only after I had been accepted. They were concerned. They would have been fine were I heading to the East or West Coast. They had heard stories — horror stories — about the American Midwest. They claimed these stories became more gruesome the farther you went from a big city. Kirksville was far from any big city — one had to drive an hour and a half to get to an Indian restaurant. My parents were afraid of racism. They were afraid of guns. They were afraid for me. I told them they had nothing to worry about, but 9/11 was still fresh in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t Islamic terrorism as much as the treatment of brown-skinned people that caused my family concern. My Hindu parents were afraid I’d be mistaken for a Muslim.  But I was in a college hungry for diversity. Most of my peers were from small-town America, the kind of people who responded to “Do you like Indian food?” with “I’ve never eaten Indian, but I’d like to try it.” Many were the kind who gave you a ride to Wal-Mart and asked that you repay the favor by accompanying them to church next Sunday. Many had never been on a plane. Some had never been outside the state. All were accepting. All were curious. All wanted to know more about other cultures. I showed some of these people how to eat with their fingers. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. On our weekly phone calls, my parents often asked about racial discrimination. There’s none, I’d say. A few minor incidents had occurred — when a cohort’s computer stopped working in the middle of a PowerPoint presentation, she asked me, and no one else in the 30-strong class, if I’d be able to help — but they came from ignorance, not malice. If anything, they were good conversation fodder. Soon, my parents stopped asking me about racism. My senior year of college, I interviewed for an account executive position at the Olathe Daily News. I’d heard of Olathe, a Kansas City suburb that was safe, wealthy and idyllic. I was happy to start my career there. To celebrate a successful interview, a few friends and I went out. A number of us had just turned 21, so we had started going to bars. I’d graduate soon. I had a well-paying job lined up. Life was great, I reflected, as I ordered another drink. That’s when the comment came. Its source was a tattooed man in shorts. He may have had only half his teeth, but I could be wrong. “[Damn] 9/11 people —what are we doing allowing them in the bar?” he spat out, using an expletive unfit for publication. His friends laughed. My friends were horrified. “Let’s leave,” someone said. “We are so sorry,” another remarked. “Naah. Let’s stay,” I said. “He’s entitled to an opinion. It’s not like he will shoot me.” That was 2006, a different time. We were naive. Last week, some maniac in Olathe, the place I was supposed to start my career, killed an Indian thinking he was Middle Eastern. The president of America finally deigned to condemn the incident. In India, we are all pretty shaken. Our worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. A few days ago, I took an international flight. The morning of my journey, I did something I had promised myself I’d never do: I shaved my beard so I wouldn’t be mistaken for a Muslim. I felt like a coward, but I shaved. I yearn for an era when I thought racism meant someone asking me if I was good at fixing computers because I was Indian. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. Los Angeles Times Prajwal Parajuly is the author of “Land Where I Flee” and “The Gurkha's Daughter.” He lives in New York, London and Kolkata, India. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times India Racism When we witness anti-Semitism, our response matters On being Muslim in Trump's America Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Here come the 'cone zones' in Portage Print Email Tom Haroldson | Special to MLive By Tom Haroldson | Special to MLive The Kalamazoo Gazette on March 06, 2017 at 9:37 AM, updated March 06, 2017 at 9:40 AM comments PORTAGE, MI - Three of Portage's major roads and a myriad of other multi-million dollar projects are in the works for construction beginning in April. Drivers get a hint of things to come on Shaver Road where a new water main along with road resurfacing are planned this spring and summer.Tom Haroldson/Special to MLive  Throw in local roads' paving that continue last year's neighborhood streets program along with several traffic signal and water and sewer projects, and it all adds up to an active roadwork season in Portage. "It's a big year," said Chris Barnes, Portage director of transportation and utilities who will be retiring this summer, with Kendra Gwin appointed to take over that post in August. The most visible projects involve three major roads: Portage, Shaver and Romence. The Shaver Road water main and road resurfacing work from West Centre Avenue to Vanderbilt Avenue impacts anyone doing business with Wal-Mart and Meijer's along with the other businesses on that busy stretch. The work also includes barrier-free pedestrian improvements. Construction will go on from April to August. On Portage Road, between Mandigo and Osterhout avenues, the project calls for storm drainage improvements, bike lane construction and a sidewalk extension on the east side from Mandigo to Osterhout Avenue. The work will go on April through August. Portage Road is also slated for a reconstruction and redesign from Lakeview Park north. The city has a public meeting to discuss that project at 5 p.m. Tuesday at City Hall. The other major road scheduled will be Romence Road where the Grand Elk railroad grade crossing will be replaced near the Portage Creek Bicentennial Park trail. Work includes replacement of the rubber panel and asphalt railroad grade crossing on Romence Road with a concrete panel grade crossing. The road will have to be closed for two weeks this summer in that section, which is noted because Romence Road is an important east-west artery in the city and it is located near the Sam's Club, a major business in town. The rest of the roadwork and utilities projects include: Local streets  Several neighborhood streets will re resurfaced and because the city is part of the complete streets program will also include extending sidewalks, widening sub-standard narrow streets, removal and restoration of existing parking areas not in conformance with city ordinances, storm drainage improvements, installation of ADA sidewalk ramps and asphalt resurfacing. That work will go on through June 2018. Rockford Street, Schuring Road to Romence Road [?] Pedestrian sidewalk and barrier-free improvements, storm sewer rehabilitation, curb and gutter repairs and pavement resurfacing; July through September. Traffic signal projects South Westnedge Avenue/Kilgore Road -- Installation of a new traffic signal, mast arms, traffic signal controller, pedestrian sidewalk and barrier free improvements; traffic shifts and lane restrictions will occur on Westnedge throughout the duration of the project; work continues through May. South Westnedge Avenue/Romence Road -- Installation of new traffic signal, mast arms, traffic signal controller, street lighting and barrier free improvements; traffic shifts and lane restrictions on both roads; work goes on through July. West Centre Avenue/Old Centre Road -- Installation of a new traffic signal to provide protected turn movements, as well as construction of a westbound right-turn lane; construction began last November and will be completed this spring. Water and sewer projects Angling Road sanitary sewer - From Squire Heath Lane to Romence Road; new sewer main, reconstruction of the street, bike lanes and storm drainage improvements; May through September. Chopin Avenue and Mozart Street water main -- Chopin from Mozart to west end and Mozart from Chopin to the north end; April through July. Maintenance Norfolk Circle - Installation of liner on sanitary sewer line damaged by tree roots. West Centre Avenue force main and lift station - Project in conjunction with Texas Township; replace sewer line that runs under U.S. 131; lift station repairs. Tigers spring training After eating 'organic everything,' Collins in great shape 'Replace your divots!' New rule could have unintended consequences Lou Whitaker back in Lakeland as guest instructor Tigers facing 'Moychado' dilemma with no easy answers Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
I shaved my beard after the Kansas shooting to avoid appearing Muslim. These are the shameful realities of our time. Cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. (Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press) Prajwal ParajulyLos Angeles Times I first landed at the Kansas City airport in the wee hours of Jan. 7, 2003. I’d soon be starting university at a small liberal arts school in Kirksville, Mo., a three-hour road journey from Kansas City. It was my first time in the Midwest. It was my first time in America. I was sleep-deprived. The airline had lost my bags. I didn’t want to spend money on a hotel room. I’d have to wait at the airport until it was light. The school shuttle was scheduled to pick me up at 11 a.m. Friends and family in India often asked me why I’d go to the American Midwest for college. My reasons were simple. My high school grades were awful; they’d never get me into a good college in India. I’d Googled some combination of “award-winning+student+newspaper,” and Truman State University came up. It was the only school I had looked into. Without letting my parents know, I applied to it and was offered a scholarship. I told my parents about my plans only after I had been accepted. They were concerned. They would have been fine were I heading to the East or West Coast. They had heard stories — horror stories — about the American Midwest. They claimed these stories became more gruesome the farther you went from a big city. Kirksville was far from any big city — one had to drive an hour and a half to get to an Indian restaurant. My parents were afraid of racism. They were afraid of guns. They were afraid for me. I told them they had nothing to worry about, but 9/11 was still fresh in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t Islamic terrorism as much as the treatment of brown-skinned people that caused my family concern. My Hindu parents were afraid I’d be mistaken for a Muslim.  But I was in a college hungry for diversity. Most of my peers were from small-town America, the kind of people who responded to “Do you like Indian food?” with “I’ve never eaten Indian, but I’d like to try it.” Many were the kind who gave you a ride to Wal-Mart and asked that you repay the favor by accompanying them to church next Sunday. Many had never been on a plane. Some had never been outside the state. All were accepting. All were curious. All wanted to know more about other cultures. I showed some of these people how to eat with their fingers. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. On our weekly phone calls, my parents often asked about racial discrimination. There’s none, I’d say. A few minor incidents had occurred — when a cohort’s computer stopped working in the middle of a PowerPoint presentation, she asked me, and no one else in the 30-strong class, if I’d be able to help — but they came from ignorance, not malice. If anything, they were good conversation fodder. Soon, my parents stopped asking me about racism. My senior year of college, I interviewed for an account executive position at the Olathe Daily News. I’d heard of Olathe, a Kansas City suburb that was safe, wealthy and idyllic. I was happy to start my career there. To celebrate a successful interview, a few friends and I went out. A number of us had just turned 21, so we had started going to bars. I’d graduate soon. I had a well-paying job lined up. Life was great, I reflected, as I ordered another drink. That’s when the comment came. Its source was a tattooed man in shorts. He may have had only half his teeth, but I could be wrong. “[Damn] 9/11 people —what are we doing allowing them in the bar?” he spat out, using an expletive unfit for publication. His friends laughed. My friends were horrified. “Let’s leave,” someone said. “We are so sorry,” another remarked. “Naah. Let’s stay,” I said. “He’s entitled to an opinion. It’s not like he will shoot me.” That was 2006, a different time. We were naive. Last week, some maniac in Olathe, the place I was supposed to start my career, killed an Indian thinking he was Middle Eastern. The president of America finally deigned to condemn the incident. In India, we are all pretty shaken. Our worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. A few days ago, I took an international flight. The morning of my journey, I did something I had promised myself I’d never do: I shaved my beard so I wouldn’t be mistaken for a Muslim. I felt like a coward, but I shaved. I yearn for an era when I thought racism meant someone asking me if I was good at fixing computers because I was Indian. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. Los Angeles Times Prajwal Parajuly is the author of “Land Where I Flee” and “The Gurkha's Daughter.” He lives in New York, London and Kolkata, India. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times India Racism When we witness anti-Semitism, our response matters On being Muslim in Trump's America Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
I shaved my beard after the Kansas shooting to avoid appearing Muslim. These are the shameful realities of our time. Cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. (Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press) Prajwal ParajulyLos Angeles Times I first landed at the Kansas City airport in the wee hours of Jan. 7, 2003. I’d soon be starting university at a small liberal arts school in Kirksville, Mo., a three-hour road journey from Kansas City. It was my first time in the Midwest. It was my first time in America. I was sleep-deprived. The airline had lost my bags. I didn’t want to spend money on a hotel room. I’d have to wait at the airport until it was light. The school shuttle was scheduled to pick me up at 11 a.m. Friends and family in India often asked me why I’d go to the American Midwest for college. My reasons were simple. My high school grades were awful; they’d never get me into a good college in India. I’d Googled some combination of “award-winning+student+newspaper,” and Truman State University came up. It was the only school I had looked into. Without letting my parents know, I applied to it and was offered a scholarship. I told my parents about my plans only after I had been accepted. They were concerned. They would have been fine were I heading to the East or West Coast. They had heard stories — horror stories — about the American Midwest. They claimed these stories became more gruesome the farther you went from a big city. Kirksville was far from any big city — one had to drive an hour and a half to get to an Indian restaurant. My parents were afraid of racism. They were afraid of guns. They were afraid for me. I told them they had nothing to worry about, but 9/11 was still fresh in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t Islamic terrorism as much as the treatment of brown-skinned people that caused my family concern. My Hindu parents were afraid I’d be mistaken for a Muslim.  But I was in a college hungry for diversity. Most of my peers were from small-town America, the kind of people who responded to “Do you like Indian food?” with “I’ve never eaten Indian, but I’d like to try it.” Many were the kind who gave you a ride to Wal-Mart and asked that you repay the favor by accompanying them to church next Sunday. Many had never been on a plane. Some had never been outside the state. All were accepting. All were curious. All wanted to know more about other cultures. I showed some of these people how to eat with their fingers. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. On our weekly phone calls, my parents often asked about racial discrimination. There’s none, I’d say. A few minor incidents had occurred — when a cohort’s computer stopped working in the middle of a PowerPoint presentation, she asked me, and no one else in the 30-strong class, if I’d be able to help — but they came from ignorance, not malice. If anything, they were good conversation fodder. Soon, my parents stopped asking me about racism. My senior year of college, I interviewed for an account executive position at the Olathe Daily News. I’d heard of Olathe, a Kansas City suburb that was safe, wealthy and idyllic. I was happy to start my career there. To celebrate a successful interview, a few friends and I went out. A number of us had just turned 21, so we had started going to bars. I’d graduate soon. I had a well-paying job lined up. Life was great, I reflected, as I ordered another drink. That’s when the comment came. Its source was a tattooed man in shorts. He may have had only half his teeth, but I could be wrong. “[Damn] 9/11 people —what are we doing allowing them in the bar?” he spat out, using an expletive unfit for publication. His friends laughed. My friends were horrified. “Let’s leave,” someone said. “We are so sorry,” another remarked. “Naah. Let’s stay,” I said. “He’s entitled to an opinion. It’s not like he will shoot me.” That was 2006, a different time. We were naive. Last week, some maniac in Olathe, the place I was supposed to start my career, killed an Indian thinking he was Middle Eastern. The president of America finally deigned to condemn the incident. In India, we are all pretty shaken. Our worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. A few days ago, I took an international flight. The morning of my journey, I did something I had promised myself I’d never do: I shaved my beard so I wouldn’t be mistaken for a Muslim. I felt like a coward, but I shaved. I yearn for an era when I thought racism meant someone asking me if I was good at fixing computers because I was Indian. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. Los Angeles Times Prajwal Parajuly is the author of “Land Where I Flee” and “The Gurkha's Daughter.” He lives in New York, London and Kolkata, India. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times India Racism When we witness anti-Semitism, our response matters On being Muslim in Trump's America Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
News Police: Stolen credit card numbers used at York Wal-Mart Two men are wanted for what police say is the use of stolen credit card numbers at a York County Walmart, according to a York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office news release. Blinco, Robert / Blinco, Robert / Jimmy LaRoueContact Reporter Privacy Policy The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is looking for two men who used stolen credit card numbers to make a purchase of more than $200 at the Wal-Mart in the 2600 block of Route 17 in Yorktown, according to a York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office news release. Anyone with information is asked to call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-Up or the Facebook Tip Line at 890-4999 and reference case number 1700637. Local law enforcement in Williamsburg, Poquoson, James City County and York County made arrests or are searching for suspects in the cases pictured. Arrest and booking photos are provided by law enforcement officials. Arrest does not imply guilt, and criminal charges are merely accusations. A defendant is presumed innocent unless proven guilty and convicted. (Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail) Copyright © 2017, The Virginia Gazette Gazette News Video Gazette News Video Pictures: Williamsburg-area photos from readers VGTV News Community Sports Life Obits Last Word eNewspaper Advertise 52°
I shaved my beard after the Kansas shooting to avoid appearing Muslim. These are the shameful realities of our time. Cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. (Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press) Prajwal ParajulyLos Angeles Times I first landed at the Kansas City airport in the wee hours of Jan. 7, 2003. I’d soon be starting university at a small liberal arts school in Kirksville, Mo., a three-hour road journey from Kansas City. It was my first time in the Midwest. It was my first time in America. I was sleep-deprived. The airline had lost my bags. I didn’t want to spend money on a hotel room. I’d have to wait at the airport until it was light. The school shuttle was scheduled to pick me up at 11 a.m. Friends and family in India often asked me why I’d go to the American Midwest for college. My reasons were simple. My high school grades were awful; they’d never get me into a good college in India. I’d Googled some combination of “award-winning+student+newspaper,” and Truman State University came up. It was the only school I had looked into. Without letting my parents know, I applied to it and was offered a scholarship. I told my parents about my plans only after I had been accepted. They were concerned. They would have been fine were I heading to the East or West Coast. They had heard stories — horror stories — about the American Midwest. They claimed these stories became more gruesome the farther you went from a big city. Kirksville was far from any big city — one had to drive an hour and a half to get to an Indian restaurant. My parents were afraid of racism. They were afraid of guns. They were afraid for me. I told them they had nothing to worry about, but 9/11 was still fresh in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t Islamic terrorism as much as the treatment of brown-skinned people that caused my family concern. My Hindu parents were afraid I’d be mistaken for a Muslim.  But I was in a college hungry for diversity. Most of my peers were from small-town America, the kind of people who responded to “Do you like Indian food?” with “I’ve never eaten Indian, but I’d like to try it.” Many were the kind who gave you a ride to Wal-Mart and asked that you repay the favor by accompanying them to church next Sunday. Many had never been on a plane. Some had never been outside the state. All were accepting. All were curious. All wanted to know more about other cultures. I showed some of these people how to eat with their fingers. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. On our weekly phone calls, my parents often asked about racial discrimination. There’s none, I’d say. A few minor incidents had occurred — when a cohort’s computer stopped working in the middle of a PowerPoint presentation, she asked me, and no one else in the 30-strong class, if I’d be able to help — but they came from ignorance, not malice. If anything, they were good conversation fodder. Soon, my parents stopped asking me about racism. My senior year of college, I interviewed for an account executive position at the Olathe Daily News. I’d heard of Olathe, a Kansas City suburb that was safe, wealthy and idyllic. I was happy to start my career there. To celebrate a successful interview, a few friends and I went out. A number of us had just turned 21, so we had started going to bars. I’d graduate soon. I had a well-paying job lined up. Life was great, I reflected, as I ordered another drink. That’s when the comment came. Its source was a tattooed man in shorts. He may have had only half his teeth, but I could be wrong. “[Damn] 9/11 people —what are we doing allowing them in the bar?” he spat out, using an expletive unfit for publication. His friends laughed. My friends were horrified. “Let’s leave,” someone said. “We are so sorry,” another remarked. “Naah. Let’s stay,” I said. “He’s entitled to an opinion. It’s not like he will shoot me.” That was 2006, a different time. We were naive. Last week, some maniac in Olathe, the place I was supposed to start my career, killed an Indian thinking he was Middle Eastern. The president of America finally deigned to condemn the incident. In India, we are all pretty shaken. Our worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. A few days ago, I took an international flight. The morning of my journey, I did something I had promised myself I’d never do: I shaved my beard so I wouldn’t be mistaken for a Muslim. I felt like a coward, but I shaved. I yearn for an era when I thought racism meant someone asking me if I was good at fixing computers because I was Indian. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. Los Angeles Times Prajwal Parajuly is the author of “Land Where I Flee” and “The Gurkha's Daughter.” He lives in New York, London and Kolkata, India. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times India Racism When we witness anti-Semitism, our response matters On being Muslim in Trump's America Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
I shaved my beard after the Kansas shooting to avoid appearing Muslim. These are the shameful realities of our time. Cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. (Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press) Prajwal ParajulyLos Angeles Times I first landed at the Kansas City airport in the wee hours of Jan. 7, 2003. I’d soon be starting university at a small liberal arts school in Kirksville, Mo., a three-hour road journey from Kansas City. It was my first time in the Midwest. It was my first time in America. I was sleep-deprived. The airline had lost my bags. I didn’t want to spend money on a hotel room. I’d have to wait at the airport until it was light. The school shuttle was scheduled to pick me up at 11 a.m. Friends and family in India often asked me why I’d go to the American Midwest for college. My reasons were simple. My high school grades were awful; they’d never get me into a good college in India. I’d Googled some combination of “award-winning+student+newspaper,” and Truman State University came up. It was the only school I had looked into. Without letting my parents know, I applied to it and was offered a scholarship. I told my parents about my plans only after I had been accepted. They were concerned. They would have been fine were I heading to the East or West Coast. They had heard stories — horror stories — about the American Midwest. They claimed these stories became more gruesome the farther you went from a big city. Kirksville was far from any big city — one had to drive an hour and a half to get to an Indian restaurant. My parents were afraid of racism. They were afraid of guns. They were afraid for me. I told them they had nothing to worry about, but 9/11 was still fresh in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t Islamic terrorism as much as the treatment of brown-skinned people that caused my family concern. My Hindu parents were afraid I’d be mistaken for a Muslim.  But I was in a college hungry for diversity. Most of my peers were from small-town America, the kind of people who responded to “Do you like Indian food?” with “I’ve never eaten Indian, but I’d like to try it.” Many were the kind who gave you a ride to Wal-Mart and asked that you repay the favor by accompanying them to church next Sunday. Many had never been on a plane. Some had never been outside the state. All were accepting. All were curious. All wanted to know more about other cultures. I showed some of these people how to eat with their fingers. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. On our weekly phone calls, my parents often asked about racial discrimination. There’s none, I’d say. A few minor incidents had occurred — when a cohort’s computer stopped working in the middle of a PowerPoint presentation, she asked me, and no one else in the 30-strong class, if I’d be able to help — but they came from ignorance, not malice. If anything, they were good conversation fodder. Soon, my parents stopped asking me about racism. My senior year of college, I interviewed for an account executive position at the Olathe Daily News. I’d heard of Olathe, a Kansas City suburb that was safe, wealthy and idyllic. I was happy to start my career there. To celebrate a successful interview, a few friends and I went out. A number of us had just turned 21, so we had started going to bars. I’d graduate soon. I had a well-paying job lined up. Life was great, I reflected, as I ordered another drink. That’s when the comment came. Its source was a tattooed man in shorts. He may have had only half his teeth, but I could be wrong. “[Damn] 9/11 people —what are we doing allowing them in the bar?” he spat out, using an expletive unfit for publication. His friends laughed. My friends were horrified. “Let’s leave,” someone said. “We are so sorry,” another remarked. “Naah. Let’s stay,” I said. “He’s entitled to an opinion. It’s not like he will shoot me.” That was 2006, a different time. We were naive. Last week, some maniac in Olathe, the place I was supposed to start my career, killed an Indian thinking he was Middle Eastern. The president of America finally deigned to condemn the incident. In India, we are all pretty shaken. Our worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. A few days ago, I took an international flight. The morning of my journey, I did something I had promised myself I’d never do: I shaved my beard so I wouldn’t be mistaken for a Muslim. I felt like a coward, but I shaved. I yearn for an era when I thought racism meant someone asking me if I was good at fixing computers because I was Indian. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. Los Angeles Times Prajwal Parajuly is the author of “Land Where I Flee” and “The Gurkha's Daughter.” He lives in New York, London and Kolkata, India. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times India Racism When we witness anti-Semitism, our response matters On being Muslim in Trump's America Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
News Crime & Courts Officials: 2 captured on surveillance using stolen credit card in York County 2 caught on surveillance using stolen credit card numbers York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying two people captured on surveillance shopping at the Yorktown Walmart about 10:20 a.m. Feb. 21, 2017. They're accused of using stolen credit card numbers The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying two people captured on surveillance shopping at the Yorktown Walmart about 10:20 a.m. Feb. 21, 2017. They're accused of using stolen credit card numbers (York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office) Sarah J. KetchumContact ReporterDaily Press Privacy Policy The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying two people accused of using stolen credit card numbers, officials said. The two were captured on surveillance shopping at the Yorktown Walmart about 10:20 a.m. Feb. 21, officials said on Facebook. The purchase was more than $200, officials said. Anyone with information that can assist in the investigation is asked to call the anonymous Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Reference Case # 1700637. Caption Hampton officials respond to fires on Power Plant Parkway Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Caption Hampton officials respond to fires on Power Plant Parkway Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Caption Crews from three departments put out blaze in York Crews from Newport News and Hampton assisted York firefighters in putting out a blaze Sunday at a condo in the Rainbrook Villas neighborhood. The fire in the 200 block of Rainbrook Way, just off of Route 17 in the Grafton area, was called in around 4:20 p.m. Two people were displaced in the blaze and will receive help from the Red Cross, York Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Payne said.   Crews from Newport News and Hampton assisted York firefighters in putting out a blaze Sunday at a condo in the Rainbrook Villas neighborhood. The fire in the 200 block of Rainbrook Way, just off of Route 17 in the Grafton area, was called in around 4:20 p.m. Two people were displaced in the blaze and will receive help from the Red Cross, York Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Payne said.   Caption Newport News police investigating robbery at Luckie's Convenience Store The incident is the fourth robbery investigation in the city in less than 12 hours, according to police reports. Luckie's, at 6210 Chestnut Ave., is in the South section of the city. The other three investigations were in the Central section. The incident is the fourth robbery investigation in the city in less than 12 hours, according to police reports. Luckie's, at 6210 Chestnut Ave., is in the South section of the city. The other three investigations were in the Central section. Caption Newport News police respond to 2nd related robbery at Mary's convenience store Officers from the Newport News Police Department's Central Precinct are responding to the second of two back-to-back business robberies Monday morning. Police responded just after 10 a.m. to Mary's convenience store, at 805 Old Oyster Point Road, according to Master Police Officer Brandon Maynard. Officers from the Newport News Police Department's Central Precinct are responding to the second of two back-to-back business robberies Monday morning. Police responded just after 10 a.m. to Mary's convenience store, at 805 Old Oyster Point Road, according to Master Police Officer Brandon Maynard. Caption Video: 1st Stop Mart in Newport News robbed Newport News police investigate at robbery at 1st Stop Mart, at 811 Main Street, March 6, 2017. Newport News police investigate at robbery at 1st Stop Mart, at 811 Main Street, March 6, 2017. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Pictures: Mug shots from local arrests Breaking News Videos Interactive timeline: Peninsula area homicides in 2016 Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 51°
This Michigan toymaker pledged never to go to China - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases This Michigan toymaker pledged never to go to China Posted: Monday, March 6, 2017 9:01 AM EST Updated: Monday, March 6, 2017 10:01 AM EST The company's factories operate on a 24-hour weekday schedule. The company employs 300 workers. By Parija Kavilanz NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- American Plastic Toys is a manufacturing anomaly. Nearly 90% of all toys sold in America are made in China. But for the last 55 years, American Plastic Toys has been making toys in Walled Lake, Michigan, a bucolic lakeside city 32 miles northwest of Detroit. "We've been in business since 1962 and have never considered offshoring to China," John Gessert, president and CEO of American Plastic Toys, told CNNMoney. The company stuck to that pledge, even as most of the nation's toy industry shifted production overseas in the 1980s to cut costs. "It's a lot easier to run a toy factory in China where requirements like employee protections don't exist," Gessert said. Keeping production at home allowed American Plastic Toys to maintain continuous oversight of quality and integrity, he explained. When the company thought about sending its product molds overseas, they feared they would lose control of the designs and risk intellectual property loss if they didn't get the molds back. So American Plastic Toys stayed American. The company employs 300 workers across five facilities in Michigan and Mississippi, and its factories run on a 24-hour weekday schedule. American Plastic Toys makes more than 300 different toys for toddlers and preschoolers: plastic pail-and-shovel sets, cars, trucks, play kitchens, dollhouses, wagons, and toy strollers. They're sold in stores like Wal-Mart and Walgreens. All of the plastic is bought domestically, said Gessert, and only 10% of toys include imported parts. The toys' prices start at $2 and cap at $100. The company is profitable, though Gessert declined to share specific financial information, and full-time employees receive a benefits package including healthcare and a 401(k). A toymaker in the heart of the auto industry "We're one of the most consistent employers in 50 years and probably the longest-running employer in the communities surrounding all three of our main facilities," said Gessert. Pat Hebert, facility manager, has been with American Plastic Toys for 29 years. His is one of many multi-generational families. "We have several employees who've been with us for over four decades," he said. Hebert's father helped set up a company factory in Rose City, Michigan, in the 1970s. It's where Hebert eventually joined him, first spending summers and learning the ropes of handling stock, molding and assembly line production. In Walled Lake, a city of about 7,000, American Plastic Toys is a source of pride and a symbol of resilience. The 280,000 square-foot plant is the largest building in the small community. The outskirts of town are dotted with firms servicing Detroit's automotive industry, but the area lacks much other industry. American Plastic Toys also works with area colleges to bring in interns, ensuring a future pipeline of workers. Not offshoring has helped ensure longevity, Gessert said, as American Plastic Toys can "control the production process from start to finish." Staying close to its main market has also helped the toymaker to be nimble: The manufacturer refreshes its product mix twice a year and can quickly react to market trends. It's able to reduce costs by selling a higher volume of products, as bulk production is less expensive than manufacturing multiple small orders. The company also tweaked its production strategy over time in a "defensive move," Gessert said. "We shifted our toy mix from small labor-intensive items to larger items like kitchen sets that needed less labor to make." Looking forward, Gessert wants to keep innovating. "The toy business is seasonal. So you have to figure out how to keep your workers busy 12 months of the year," he said. One idea: Expand outside of toys into home-focused products. "It's important to not have tunnel vision but stay agile and try new things," he said. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Log in Subscriber Services Brought to you by the editors of Truck News, Truck West & Truck Tech News Video Features Test Drives Blogs Products Events Sommet canadien sur l’entretien de flotte Event Calendar Truck World Canadian Fleet Maintenance Summit Surface Transportation Summit Expocam Careers Driver Recruitment Truck-Ops Recruitment Video More Digital Edition Advertiser Index Contacts Advertise News WIT recognizes truck driver who donated kidney to stranger March 6, 2017 March 6, 2017 by Truck News Categories Transportation PLOVER, Wisc. — A professional truck driver is being recognized by the Women in Trucking Association (WIT) as its March Member of the Month after she donated a kidney to a stranger. Carol Nixon, a driver for Walmart Private Fleet, met Deb Pollard at the first annual WIT Accelerate! Conference & Expo in 2015, where Carol learned Deb’s husband, Craig, was on dialysis and in need of a kidney. Nixon immediately offered to help. After a series of tests to find out if they were a match, Nixon made the decision to donate a kidney, even if Craig couldn’t be the recipient. That way, Craig might make it to the top of the list sooner. However, after three long weeks of waiting, they learned they were a match and could proceed. “As we found out about this as fellow associates, I don’t think any of us were shocked. She (Carol) is someone that is known to put others ahead of herself,” said Rick Aurit, regional transportation manager. In November 2016, Nixon and Craig underwent the surgery with no complications. “Deb and I are extremely grateful and thankful we had the opportunity to go to the first annual WIT convention because that is the week that changed both of our lives,” said Nixon. “What can you say? Thank you is not enough. She saved Craig’s life. She saved my husband’s life,” said Pollard.   Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts Women In Trucking forms first all-female Image Team Canadian wins Women in Trucking scholarship Women In Trucking Association teams up with MindShare Strategies Report finds women underrepresented as board members in trucking industry Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Driver Recruitment Truck Driver Positions Browse Truck Driver Positions Truck-Ops Office And Technician Careers In Trucking Browse Truck-Ops Careers In conversation with Daimler’s Martin Daum Fire at Cooney Transport destroys trucks Services Subscribe Advertise Contacts Advertiser Index RSS Digital Editions View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Browse Archives Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Newcom Business Media
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire destroys home near Ridgefield Arrest made in child abduction at hospital Vancouver students march for immigrants, minorities Vancouver Public Schools inclement weather waiver granted Vancouver mom appears in court for drug case House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Man, 27, arrested in Washougal homicide investigation Triple-murder suspect Brent Luyster pleads not guilty Rain, snow mix delays schools, create slick roads Off Beat: Railway not just a place to make a living, but a place to live House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Southwest Washington lawmakers are determined to prove to their counterparts in Oregon that they are ready to revive conversations about… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community notebook: Free tennis gear giveaway at VTC on Saturday, March 11 Local MMA fighter seeks to keep his star rising Gonzaga reaches 20th straight WCC final Buscher steps down as Skyview girls basketball coach Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court Weekly high school sports schedule, March 6-11 A tweak here and there could improve RPI Closeness means more than a trophy to Union Stanford rallies past OSU to win Pac-12 tournament Clark draws Whatcom in NWAC Tournament opener Closeness means more than a trophy to Union The Titans don't play for hardware. They play for each other. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories GM eliminating shift at plant; 1,100 jobs affected Organization hosts event to help new entrepreneurs Third Parkrose Hardware open for business Self-storage facility proposed near Vancouver Mall Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Losses for banks pull U.S. stocks further from record highs Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20 billion on Gulf Coast projects Make yourself at home in new office Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Vic LeGall is the quintessential Northwest outdoors enthusiast. He owned his own sailboat by age 12 and has enjoyed a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle Chrissy Teigen reveals postpartum depression battle Vancouver man’s heart condition keeps him from ‘Ninja’ dream   Simone Biles to go for gold on ‘Dancing With Stars’ U.S. poet laureate says use your voice Brain cheers texting and driving ‘Zodiac’ still terrifying, relevant ‘Moonlight’ stars head from Oscars to school Battle Ground woman walks across Spain, twice, and finds her pace Don’t let giving give you a hassle Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle BANGKOK — Tossing coins in a fountain for luck is a popular superstition, but a similar belief brought misery to… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Time to Talk About Bridge Pitts: Newspapers have always had value as watchdogs Letter: Speak out against tyranny Letter: Continue to allow snow tires Letter: Work for liberty and justice for all Letter: Keep the air clean Letter: Beware progressive ideology In Our View: Oil Terminal Just a Bad Idea Jayne: Sky isn’t falling, it’s just dirtier under President Trump Ambrose: Trump moves forward Editorial Cartoons March 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has A Story: Snaking through canyon an adventure to remember Spotlight on youth Battle Ground schools get grant for new program An old club gets new life in Vancouver Volunteer Opportunities Nonprofit will award more than $1 million in scholarships this year Stonier brings family flag for Day of Remembrance VolunTEENS clean up community center Student youth group volunteers with St. Vincent de Paul High-schoolers head to court for mock trial tournament Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Ryan tax plan could hit retail hard House Republican proposes border-adjustment tax House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., meets with reporters Tuesday on Capitol Hill in Washington before President Donald Trump's speech to the nation. Ryan's proposed corporate tax overhaul has U.S. retailers worried. (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press) By Matt Townsend and Lindsey Rupp, Bloomberg Published: March 6, 2017, 5:31 AM A   A U.S. retailers are coming off one of the worst Christmas-shopping seasons in recent memory, and now they have to deal with Paul Ryan. The Republican House Speaker is pushing a corporate tax overhaul that would make imports more expensive, according to the retail industry. If that comes to pass, it would drastically cut into the already-thin profit margins of chains such as Best Buy Co. and Wal-Mart that sell loads of foreign-made goods. “That’s all they need,” said Ken Perkins, president of researcher Retail Metrics Inc. “Things are already difficult.” That’s putting it mildly. Retailers are getting hammered on multiple fronts. States have passed minimum-wage increases that put pressure on labor costs. Amazon.com and other online players continue to take market share, leading to dramatic declines in visits to many stores. Shoppers also have shifted spending toward homes and experiences. The fourth quarter, which for retailers runs from November through January, was the third in four years that the industry’s earnings declined for that period, according to Retail Metrics. Not even the highest consumer confidence in more than a decade, rising incomes and a surging stock market could save retailers’ Christmas. J.C. Penney and Macy’s announced store-closure plans, which will ripple throughout the industry because their locations anchor shopping malls. Target’s stock fell the most since the depths of the recession in 2008 after the company said it would cut prices to win more customers. Ryan’s tax plan, which includes the border-adjustment provision that has the retail industry so worried, is just a blueprint. President Donald Trump hasn’t said whether he supports the idea. Within the White House, there is division with a contingent led by top strategist Steve Bannon in favor and National Economic Council director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin opposed, according to a senior administration official. There has been a lot of debate among corporations about how the border-adjustment tax would work. Supporters, which include net exporters such as General Electric, say a rise in the value of the dollar would offset the increased costs of imported goods. Opponents, which range from autos to shoemaker Nike, counter that a move in the dollar is more economic theory than a given. And this kind of levy would end up getting passed down to consumers. “A lot of the retailers don’t want to bet on an economic theory that may or may not play out,” said Scot Ciccarelli, an analyst for RBC Capital Markets. While House Republicans unveiled this plan last summer, it was largely ignored because Democrat Hillary Clinton was favored to win the White House. But after Trump’s victory, the tax was suddenly on the table. Ciccarelli knew little about the idea when he was first asked about it shortly after the election. He then spent a week holed up in his office doing research. “I was asking people ‘am I understanding this right?’ because it was a different concept,” Ciccarelli said. “You aren’t taxing a profit. You’re effectively taxing a sale amount on an import. Well, that’s a game-changer.” Ciccarelli published his first report on the subject Dec. 6 with the title “Border-Adjusted Tax Changes Could Materially Impact Retail Earnings,” and it received a lot of attention. Soon clients were making investment decisions based on a chain’s potential exposure to it, he said. The prospect has weighed on retail stocks. Since the election, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index has surged about 12 percent. Even within the retail industry the impact could vary greatly, according to RBC. It would depend largely on how many imported goods a chain sells and its ability to push back on suppliers. There’s also a provision in Ryan’s plan to start taxing interest payments and offer a new deduction for capital expenditures. This could help retailers that are still opening a lot of stores. RBC projected Ryan’s tax plan would boost the net income of CarMax, the largest U.S. seller of used autos, by 59 percent. Home Depot and Lowe’s would experience modest increases because they import less than other chains and, given their market dominance, would have more power to push back on potential price increases from suppliers. Amazon could get a boost, too. The online giant sells a lot of imported goods, but it could use profits from its web-services unit to eat price increases and undercut competitors. Net profit at Wal-Mart, Dick’s Sporting Goods and Costco Wholesale would drop by 45 percent or more. And Best Buy would see an estimated decline of 300 percent, potentially swinging it from a net profit of $1 billion to a loss of $2 billion, according to RBC. “It’s a huge gamble and it’s bad for American families,” Best Buy Chief Executive Officer Hubert Joly said. “It would destroy jobs.” And the concern isn’t dying down. “We’re not opposed to tax reform, we’re opposed to being the scapegoat and having our rights traded away without a seat at the table,” said Rick Helfenbein, the American Apparel & Footwear Association’s CEO. The industry has gone through the five steps of mourning and now “we reached the anger stage.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / This Michigan toymaker pledged never to go to China This Michigan toymaker pledged never to go to China Posted on Monday, March 6, 2017 by CNN in Business News American Plastic Toys is a manufacturing anomaly. Nearly 90% of all toys sold in America are made in China. But for the last 55 years, American Plastic Toys has been making toys in Walled Lake, Michigan, a bucolic lakeside city 32 miles northwest of Detroit. “We’ve been in business since 1962 and have never considered offshoring to China,” John Gessert, president and CEO of American Plastic Toys, told CNNMoney. The company stuck to that pledge, even as most of the nation’s toy industry shifted production overseas in the 1980s to cut costs. “It’s a lot easier to run a toy factory in China where requirements like employee protections don’t exist,” Gessert said. Keeping production at home allowed American Plastic Toys to maintain continuous oversight of quality and integrity, he explained. When the company thought about sending its product molds overseas, they feared they would lose control of the designs and risk intellectual property loss if they didn’t get the molds back. So American Plastic Toys stayed American. The company employs 300 workers across five facilities in Michigan and Mississippi, and its factories run on a 24-hour weekday schedule. American Plastic Toys makes more than 300 different toys for toddlers and preschoolers: plastic pail-and-shovel sets, cars, trucks, play kitchens, dollhouses, wagons, and toy strollers. They’re sold in stores like Wal-Mart and Walgreens. All of the plastic is bought domestically, said Gessert, and only 10% of toys include imported parts. The toys’ prices start at $2 and cap at $100. The company is profitable, though Gessert declined to share specific financial information, and full-time employees receive a benefits package including healthcare and a 401(k). A toymaker in the heart of the auto industry “We’re one of the most consistent employers in 50 years and probably the longest-running employer in the communities surrounding all three of our main facilities,” said Gessert. Pat Hebert, facility manager, has been with American Plastic Toys for 29 years. His is one of many multi-generational families. “We have several employees who’ve been with us for over four decades,” he said. Hebert’s father helped set up a company factory in Rose City, Michigan, in the 1970s. It’s where Hebert eventually joined him, first spending summers and learning the ropes of handling stock, molding and assembly line production. In Walled Lake, a city of about 7,000, American Plastic Toys is a source of pride and a symbol of resilience. The 280,000 square-foot plant is the largest building in the small community. The outskirts of town are dotted with firms servicing Detroit’s automotive industry, but the area lacks much other industry. American Plastic Toys also works with area colleges to bring in interns, ensuring a future pipeline of workers. Not offshoring has helped ensure longevity, Gessert said, as American Plastic Toys can “control the production process from start to finish.” Staying close to its main market has also helped the toymaker to be nimble: The manufacturer refreshes its product mix twice a year and can quickly react to market trends. It’s able to reduce costs by selling a higher volume of products, as bulk production is less expensive than manufacturing multiple small orders. The company also tweaked its production strategy over time in a “defensive move,” Gessert said. “We shifted our toy mix from small labor-intensive items to larger items like kitchen sets that needed less labor to make.” Looking forward, Gessert wants to keep innovating. “The toy business is seasonal. So you have to figure out how to keep your workers busy 12 months of the year,” he said. One idea: Expand outside of toys into home-focused products. “It’s important to not have tunnel vision but stay agile and try new things,” he said. Birth of a conspiracy theory: How Trump's wiretap claim got started Rise of Amazon leaves even more retailers in intensive care Related Posts LHU Clearfield Speaker Series: Influx of Gas Workers Americans pour $2 billion into Cyber Monday Ribbon-cutting Held at Ms. Cat’s Cache Coming soon: An American-made Kalashnikov Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Posts | Comments | E-mail / No Bull, No Fluff, No Smudges Your news source for Flagler, Florida and Beyond All Else, Carousel, Cops/Courts, Featured, Flagler 911, Flagler, Palm Coast & Other Local News, Traffic Accidents Home Flagler Bunnell Beverly Beach Marineland Flagler County Commission Flagler Headliners Flagler History Tourist Development Council Mondex/Daytona North The Hammock Daily Briefing Economic Development Council Palm Coast Palm Coast Crime Business & Economy Development & Sprawl Palm Coast City Council Cops/Courts Flagler 911 Fire House Circuit & County Court Florida Supreme Court Traffic Accidents Federal Courts Prisons and Jails Flagler County Sheriff Flagler Jail Bookings Economy Health Care Real Estate & Development Jobs & Unemployment Taxes Leisure & Tourism Local Business Transportation Business Briefs Advertisers Local Media Flagler and Florida Beaches Culture Your Music Fix Books Arts in Palm Coast & Flagler Flagler Auditorium Flagler Youth Orchestra Flagler Playhouse Live Gallery Special Events City Repertory Theatre African American Cultural Society Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra Palm Coast Arts Foundation Florida Florida Legislature Federal Politics Environment & Water Rick Scott Florida History This Week in Tallahassee Beyond Americana St. Johns Putnam Volusia Commentary Editor's Blog Pierre Tristam Guest Columns Voices From the Grave Project Syndicate Nancy Smith All Else The Live Wire Backgrounders Quote This Library News Briefs Religion & Beliefs Miss Flagler County Photo Galleries Videos Flagler Encyclopedia Weather and Climate In Coming Days Elections 2016 Presidential Election Courts Constitutionals Congressional Flagler County Commission Florida Legislature Polls Voting Rights Campaign Finance Amendments and Referendums City Elections Governor Flagler School Board Rights & Liberties First Amendment Second Amendment Third Amendment Fourth Amendment Fifth Amendment Sixth Amendment Seventh Amendment Eighth Amendment 10th Amendment Sunshine Law Human Rights Privacy 14th Amendment Civil Rights Immigration Labor Rights Flagler Beach Flagler Beach Crime Flagler Beach City Commission Bunnell Bunnell Crime Bunnell Centennial Bunnell City Commission Outdoors The Seas Parks Wildlife Environmental Protection Health & Society Health Care Reform Children and Families Health Care Business Elderly Care & Medicare Medicaid and Medicare Mental Health Poverty Flagler County Health Department Cancer Violence Sports World Cup 2014 Schools Flagler Palm Coast High School Matanzas High School Stetson University Bunnell Elementary Rymfire Elementary Wadsworth Elementary Belle Terre Elementary Old Kings Elementary Heritage Academy Imagine School Buddy Taylor Middle Daytona State College Flagler County School Board Indian Trails Middle St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Teachers & Employees of the Year Higher Education University of Florida/Florida State Adult Education Charter Schools About Contact Us Comment Policy Mission Statement Our Values Advertise on FlaglerLive (386) 586-0257 Community Calendar Useful Links Support FlaglerLive Bookchat Updike Cyclist, 59, Is Killed Crossing Palm Coast Parkway at Boulder Rock Drive FlaglerLive | March 6, 2017 The Nitro after the wreck. (© Chase Wheeler for FlaglerLive) Last Updated: 12:50 p.m. A 59-year-old cyclist was struck by a car at the intersection of Palm Coast Parkway and Boulder Rock Drive just before 7 p.m. Sunday evening. The cyclist, a resident of Palm Coast’s B-Section, later died en route to a hospital. The cyclist had started to cross the parkway from the northwest corner of the intersection. “Apparently the man was crossing where the crosswalk is to go toward Walmart, and got hit,” a Florida Highway Patrol investigator said. Nicholas Malkowski, 17, of Palm Coast, was at the wheel of a Dodge Nitro, driving west on Palm Coast Parkway. He had a green light, according to a witness who spoke with authorities. The cyclist violated his right of way, the investigator said. Malkowski, a student at Flagler Palm Coast High School, was going home on his way back from work at a restaurant in Flagler Beach. Based on a preliminary investigation, the cyclist was not wearing a helmet. A responding rescue unit performed CPR at the scene. Flagler County’s FireFlight, the county’s emergency helicopter, was not in service. (It’s usually in service every day between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m., but Sunday night the pilot on duty had to attend to personal business, Flagler County’s fire chief, Don Petito, said. “That happens occasionally,” he said, noting that the county has only two pilots.) St. Johns County’s Trauma One was called in, but it, too, was out of service. At that point Volusia County’s Air One was called in, then cancelled when the cyclist went into cardiac arrest. The cyclist was stabilized and taken to Florida Hospital Flagler, where a doctor ordered the patient taken to the trauma unit at Halifax hospital in Daytona Beach, Petito said. “En route to Halifax, the patient coded again so they diverted to the closest facility, which was Ormond.” Code blue is when a patient goes into full cardiac arrest. The patient was then pronounced dead at Ormond Memorial hospital. The scene of the crash itself was very quickly cleared, however: the crash took place a few minutes before 7 p.m. By 7:45 p.m., all responding units had left. The Flagler County Sheriff’s Office, the Florida Highway Patrol, Flagler County Fire Rescue and the Palm Coast Fire Department had responded, as had the Palm Coast Fire Police. But it was only after the victim had died that FHP sent a homicide investigator to the scene, by which time the bicycle had been removed by a wrecker, and the driver of the car had been allowed to return home. Crash scenes involving critical or fatal injuries are usually roped off and meticulously analyzed for several hours by crash-scene investigators. The Florida Highway Patrol, however, which handles such investigations, has been significantly short-handed, so traffic homicide investigators are called in only after a fatality has been confirmed. In the past, a traffic homicide investigator would be dispatched even in critical cases, right away, in case the patient were to die subsequently, thus ensuring a thorough investigation either way. In this case, the confirmation of the patient’s death came in just as the scene was being cleared. The initial report of the crash from Flagler County’s 911 center was recorded at 6:51 p.m., according to dispatch records. (Malkowski himself called 911 and said he’d not seen the cyclist and had struck him by accident.) CPR was in progress at 6:56 p.m. When paramedics arrived on scene, they reported that the victim was not breathing. Trauma One was reported out of service at 6:58. Air One launched from Volusia at 7:04 p.m. and cancelled at 7:12, when the order was to transport the patient by ground to Florida Hospital Flagler. At 7:32 p.m., dispatch notes indicate the patient was sent to Halifax hospital. The crash scene was declared ended at 7:46 p.m. At 7:48 p.m., the hospital destination was changed to Memorial Hospital in Ormond Beach. That was when the patient had gone into cardiac arrest. “Death notification” was made from the dispatch center to FHP at 9:03 p.m. The victim’s next of kin is out of state, and had not yet been contacted by Monday morning. The fatality is the second in four days on Palm Coast roads: a 16-year-old high school student was killed and a 21-year-old friend injured as the pair, walking along Lakeview Boulevard the evening of March 2, was struck by a car. A 59-year-old cyclist was killed in a collision with a car while crossing Palm Coast Parkway Sunday night, though Parkway traffic had the green light. Recommend or share: Tweet Print More Email Share on Tumblr Questions? Corrections? Suggestions? Email the editor | Print this Article | Email to a friend 21 Responses for “Cyclist, 59, Is Killed Crossing Palm Coast Parkway at Boulder Rock Drive” Richard Smith says: March 6, 2017 at 9:04 am OK, here we go again. Another avoidable death has taken place in Palm Coast. When will pedestrians and bicyclists figure out what THEIR responsibilities are while walking, running, biking around the streets and roadways anywhere in this country? So here is an intersection with plenty of street lights, well marked crosswalks and sidewalks and still someone dies from being hit by a vehicle. And this 17 year old innocent driver has to live with this on his conscience everyday for the rest of his life. What a preventable tragedy. Reply Old Lady says: March 6, 2017 at 9:34 am So sad, my heart goes out to the young man because the old man did not pay attention. Reply C says: March 6, 2017 at 10:10 am I agree. It is such a tragedy for both. Bicyclists need to understand the roads were built for vehicles. Everyday when i am enroute to work, i am going around bicyclists endandering myself. Motorists, bicyclists, walkers, runners should NOT be sharing the same space. Reply Layla says: March 6, 2017 at 10:25 am We all need to ride, drive by the rules and take better care… I always assume that somebody is in my blind spot before making a move. Always look for people, pets, bikes and cars. It will save lives and keep you from a terrible accident. Reply Ugh says: March 6, 2017 at 10:41 am C, if you knew about roads, you would know that a bicycle is considered a vehicle, and it is actually agains the law for them to travel on the sidewalks. Bicycles should be cautious, yes, but the only places I’m seeing the runners, people walking in the road, and bicycles, are in neighborhoods where you should be going no more than 20mph, wait for clear roads, and pass the pedestrian/cyclist with enough space to do so safely. It’s not endangering you for a cyclist to be on the road so long as both you and the cyclist are understanding the rules of the road. I have to ride my bike to work and school a lot, and I refuse to ride on palm coast parkway for exactly that reason, people don’t even yield for pedestrians crossing the road on crosswalks properly (i.e. when they’re instructed to go by the sign, and all traffic has stopped. I think the real lesson that needs to be learned here Is that everyone needs to be more defensive when driving and aware of their surroundings when traveling as a pedestrian or cyclist. Reply Born and Raised Here says: March 6, 2017 at 10:42 am According to Florida Traffic Law, a bicycle is considered a motor vehicle and must abide to traffic laws. I don’t uderstand why people don’t understand or know this. Bicycles are Motor Vehicles !! Reply Live Long and Prosper says: March 6, 2017 at 11:21 am Okay, I think it’s about time this community has some free to the public pedestrian, driving and bike riding refresher classes. Reply UltraViolet says: March 6, 2017 at 12:07 pm So sad that this poor kid has to live with this the rest of his life. He had a green light, I am assuming he was doing the speed limit. The guy on the bike made a mistake. I had a guy on a bike pull out right in front of me last month while I was driving to Epic Theater with my Mom. I had a clear road, no stop sign..the guy was on a bike path that crossed the road and just biked right across the road in front of me. I couldn’t believe it. Luckily, I was able to brake and avoid hitting him. And, then he stared me down like I had done something wrong. Reply ohrin says: March 6, 2017 at 12:20 pm I AGREE WITH YOU ”C””. I RIDE A BICYCLE FROM TIME TO TIME, BUT I ALWAYS RESPECT A CAR/TRUCK. ANY WALKER, RUNNER, CYCLIST, OR WHATEVER…….KNOW THIS, THAT REGARDLESS OF THE TRAFFIC LAWS, YOU WILL LOSE WHEN A VEHICLE MAKES CONTACT WITH YOU, POINT BLANK, LETS BE MORE COGNIZANCE AND THATS IT. Reply Ras says: March 6, 2017 at 12:26 pm I am always going around bikes they stay way outside the bike lanes. They run red lights and if you beep at them you are sure to get the finger if you are going to a ride 50lbs. Bikes next to a 3k lbs. car you should take more care in you biking u just might stay alive Reply Wishful Thinking says: March 6, 2017 at 12:57 pm Despite pleading in person to the Flagler County Commission to re-instate the former 24 hour emergency helicopter service after the hours of operation were cut to 12 hours a day – 8AM to 8PM despite it being common knowledge that the only trauma center is Halifax Hospital in Daytona my requests have repeatedy fallen on deaf ears – at budget time as well requests were denied. The experienced pilot who used to cover the nighttime shift was fired and there is even rumor that the county is contemplating canceling the service altogether. It is indeed false advertising now that Flagler County’s new website claims Flagler County has everything. The accident was before 7pm. Could our helicopter gotten him to Halifax Trauma center immediately would he be alive today. Could he be alive today? Was there any possibility of preventing his death had he received the trauma care available but denied to him because of irresponsible , uncaring political decisions? Somebody owes his family and al of us an honest explanation why the county won’t keep that helicopter in ready service 24/7? There is money to pay an additional pilot – including the one who was fired to save the county money, Reply Doyle Lewis says: March 6, 2017 at 1:02 pm Roads were made to travel on and the first travel was on foot in the dirt. Then horses and bicycles were making roads. Then came motorcycles and auto’s, but most important thing is to be nice. Driving is a privilege and makes life easier. Control your auto or have the keys taken away for a little while if you hit someone or something. The roads are there for walkers and bicycles and auto’s just be nice to the others on the road. People are just in to big of a hurry in today’s world. This is happening to much and hope the young man is doing well. Reply R.L. says: March 6, 2017 at 2:03 pm What is happening in this world ? Last two days I have read the comments about these accidents, and I read they shouldn’t be walking there when it is dark, he was not paying attention, he was an old man (59) she may have been speeding, he should of paid more attention…yikes ! how about ? can we get an address to send a meal over for the family, families.. Is there a fund that I can contribute too ? I will light a candle at church for them..where can I volunteer to make our streets safer ? anything is better than reading comments from opinionated fools that were not even there to witness what happened ..Cmon people, I am losing faith in the human race ! Reply Onceabiker says: March 6, 2017 at 2:06 pm Bkers ARE considered vehicles. Most car drivers do not know that. Pickups in particular are usually the most aggressive. I rode for many years. Even when there are bike paths, they are still considered vehicles. I have heard of people dying when they get hit by a bike on a sidewalk. Consider a 200 pound biker do 20-30 miles an hour hitting you. Reply PeachesMcGee says: March 6, 2017 at 3:49 pm Sadly, the driver will forever remember this tragic accident. Hopefully someone will step-up and make sure this young man gets counseling. Cyclists are bound by the same traffic laws as motor vehicles in Florida. But they routinely flaunt those laws, either by intention or ignorance. This cyclist paid the ultimate price. Condolences to their family. Reply woody says: March 6, 2017 at 4:01 pm A death is a death sad for all involved.This just proves what I have been saying traffic signals are not the answer everytime someone gets hurt or killed.Sad he lost his life doing somthing he probably loved doing.RIP Reply H says: March 6, 2017 at 4:43 pm While I do agree that runners and walkers should keep off the road, keep in mind that depending on circumstance not only are bicycles considered vehicles, but the road is the safest place for them to be. Not saying this cyclist wasn’t in the wrong, but there are times when cyclists can & should be on the road. Reply can'tfoolme says: March 6, 2017 at 4:45 pm How tragic! It seems as though this poor cyclist fell through all the cracks and none of the emergency systems were in place to save him. That has always been an extremely hazardous intersection for cyclists to cross and even more so now that Palm Coast Pkwy was widened. @ old lady – 59 is not that old. @ C – Cyclists are by law considered traffic. They usually hug the edge of the roads but legally can ride anywhere in their lane (even inches from the yellow line) as long as they’re riding in the direction of the traffic flow. Vehicles must maintain a 3′ distance from them when passing. My husband & I are cyclists, also. I will say that the traffic light timing is partly to blame. The pedestrian/cyclist signal to cross the road is timed to indicate you can cross at the same time that the light turns green for the turn lanes. This is very dangerous since most motorists never even glance at the pedestrian signal. Reply Concerned Citizen says: March 6, 2017 at 5:11 pm Sad to hear of another avoidable fatality in Palm Coast. Just the other day I was 3 cars behind the light coming off of Boulder Rock and turning left onto Palm Coast Pkwy. I witnessed a bicycle rider who clearly did not have the right away ride completely across the crosswalk and nearly got hit for his effort. Whether you are a cyclist or a pedestrian the rules of the road apply to you as well. Don’t just assume you have the automatic right away when crossing the street. When crossing with a bike dismount and walk across the cross walk in compliance with the signal. Looking both ways and paying attention will drastically increase your chance of making it alive. I feel for the family that lost their loved one as well as for the 17 year old driver. Tough day for all involved. Reply Terminus says: March 6, 2017 at 5:17 pm Nearly every cyclist I see on my drive though town violates traffic laws. I can’t tell you how many of them come out of no where and try crossing the road illegally. There really should be a license to bike where people need to take a bike movement test and a written test, especially if they are going to be on the road with cars, and they should be ticketed if they are seen violating the traffic laws. Seems only fair since many refuse to follow the law. Reply Wtf says: March 6, 2017 at 8:06 pm Prayers to the Family of the deceased. 🙏 Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Read FlaglerLive's Comment Policy | Subscribe to the Comment Feed Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. More stories on FlaglerLive Felons Seeking to Regain Right To Vote Look to Constitutional Amendment Three Deputies Injured In Separate Incidents With Suspects Prompts Warning From Sheriff O’Brien Surprise: Commissioner Agrees To Higher Tourism Tax, But With Beach Twist Cyclist, 59, Is Killed Crossing Palm Coast Parkway at Boulder Rock Drive Categories: All Else, Carousel, Cops/Courts, Featured, Flagler 911, Flagler, Palm Coast & Other Local News, Traffic Accidents Tags: bicycles, cyclists, palm coast parkway, traffic accidents, traffic crashes, traffic fatalities Loading Live Briefs Monday Briefing: Tourism Tax Increase, Short-Term Vacation Rental Regulation, Felon Voting Rights, Dred Scott at 160 Palm Coast’s 2017 Photo Contest Inviting Entries Through May 31 Weekend Briefing: Job Fair, 1st Amendment Vigil, Flagler Reads History, Haw Creek Paddle, Walk for Food Thursday Briefing: Flagler’s New Website, Thai By Thai Returns, Dr. Seuss Night, Lambert Avenue Drainage, King Kong Archive for Live Briefs » Palm Coast Weather ADVERTISEMENTS Recent Comments Wtf on Cyclist, 59, Is Killed Crossing Palm Coast Parkway at Boulder Rock Drive Wishful Thinking on O’Brien Surprise: Commissioner Agrees To Higher Tourism Tax, But With Beach Twist palmcoaster on O’Brien Surprise: Commissioner Agrees To Higher Tourism Tax, But With Beach Twist tulip on O’Brien Surprise: Commissioner Agrees To Higher Tourism Tax, But With Beach Twist Brad W on O’Brien Surprise: Commissioner Agrees To Higher Tourism Tax, But With Beach Twist Knightwatch on Florida Supreme Court Upholds Ban On Openly Carrying Guns in 4-2 Ruling Dave on Three Deputies Injured In Separate Incidents With Suspects Prompts Warning From Sheriff Pat Harden on Remembering John Hankinson Jr., Towering Force in Environmental Protection in Flagler and Elsewhere Terminus on Cyclist, 59, Is Killed Crossing Palm Coast Parkway at Boulder Rock Drive Concerned Citizen on Cyclist, 59, Is Killed Crossing Palm Coast Parkway at Boulder Rock Drive -Eric C. on O’Brien Surprise: Commissioner Agrees To Higher Tourism Tax, But With Beach Twist cls on Remembering John Hankinson Jr., Towering Force in Environmental Protection in Flagler and Elsewhere cls on O’Brien Surprise: Commissioner Agrees To Higher Tourism Tax, But With Beach Twist can'tfoolme on Cyclist, 59, Is Killed Crossing Palm Coast Parkway at Boulder Rock Drive Tweets from https://twitter.com/PierreTristam/lists/livewire The Latest on FlaglerLive Felons Seeking to Regain Right To Vote Look to Constitutional Amendment Three Deputies Injured In Separate Incidents With Suspects Prompts Warning From Sheriff O’Brien Surprise: Commissioner Agrees To Higher Tourism Tax, But With Beach Twist Cyclist, 59, Is Killed Crossing Palm Coast Parkway at Boulder Rock Drive Remembering John Hankinson Jr., Towering Force in Environmental Protection in Flagler and Elsewhere Rideshare South: Why Way Fewer Teens Are Bothering With a Driver’s License Sponsors and Advertisers J&J Auto Body Sam Perkovich, ParkSide Realty Florida Hospital Flagler Daytona State College Subscribe to FlaglerLive Get immediate notification of new stories. Email Address Advertisement Flagler Palm Coast Cops/Courts Economy Culture Florida Beyond Commentary All Else Elections 2016 Rights & Liberties Flagler Beach Bunnell Outdoors Health & Society Sports Schools About Advertise on FlaglerLive (386) 586-0257 Community Calendar Useful Links Support FlaglerLive Bookchat RSS Log in Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. | FlaglerLive, P.O. Box 354263, Palm Coast, FL 32135-4263 | 386/586-0257 FlaglerLive.com
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video AP March 6, 2017, 8:08 AM Fact-checking what Trump has taken credit for U.S. President Donald Trump looks up while hosting a House and Senate leadership lunch at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque - RTS110BK Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email WASHINGTON -- The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over from the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: -Big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. -Corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. -An infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. -A tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. -A $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. -His plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly - the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 - after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I - bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching - much less exceeding - the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home - from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. © 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Politics Key Trump surrogates once led fight vs. WikiLeaks and Assange Several had harsh words for them, including Newt Gingrich, Sarah Palin, Rep. Peter King and former CIA Director James Woolsey 25 things you still don't know about Barack Obama Just how many almonds does he really eat, anyway? Popular From 60 Minutes Le Pen says France is Bardot, not burkinis From the archives: Lost in the Bermuda Triangle Is Marine Le Pen France's Trump? Would the EU survive a Le Pen presidency? Lions interrupt 60 Minutes interview Play Video Trump wiretap tweets timeline Play Video Trump tweets strain intel community Play Video Travel ban 2.0 Play Video Republican healthcare plan Play Video Liberating western Mosul Previous Next 23 Photos Rare concert posters on the auction block 15 Photos End of the road: Cars being scrapped for metal 31 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 11 Photos Carnival celebrations around the world 61 Photos 2017 Oscars red carpet gallery Previous Next Most Discussed Trump claims Obama tapped Trump Tower phones WH calls for investigation after Trump wiretapping claims Viewers strongly approve of Trump's speech to Congress House GOP unveils plan for health care overhaul Could AG Jeff Sessions face legal consequences? New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Home Congress FUBAR News Opinion Politics Reader Rant White House Trump takes credit he doesn’t deserve March 6, 2017 7:34 am | by CALVIN WOODWARD and JIM DRINKARD President Donald Trump speaks to Navy and shipyard personnel aboard nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford in Newport News, Va. (AP Photo/Steve Helber) The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over from the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: —Big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. —Corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. —An infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. —A tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. —A $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. —His plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” ___ TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” ___ TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. _______________________________________________________ Copyright © 2017 Capitol Hill Blue Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved Share this: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print Google Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply       Top Stories on Blue… The mad insanity of Donald Trump Trump: Manchurian Candidate, traitor Is Trump cracking up? Probably Angry weekend for a frustrated Trump Donald Trump: His madness, GOP insanity Home Our Privacy Policy FAQs Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings 33° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Massachusetts The latest news from around the state Connecticut|Maine|Massachusetts|New Hampshire|Rhode Island|Vermont Police in Sturbridge, Massachusetts, Searching for Shoplifter The suspect was spotted on surveillance video By Caitlin Fichtel NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest new-england updates in your inbox Email Privacy policy | More Newsletters UP NEXT X Police in Sturbridge, Mass., Searching for Shoplifter Link Embed Copy Close Link to this video http://www.necn.com/multimedia/WEB-Sturbridge-Walmart-Shoplifting-3617_NECN-415450683.html Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=415450683&videoID=P7gvyEAAisDz&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=new-england&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» Police in Sturbridge, Massachusetts, are searching for a man who allegedly shoplifted from a Walmart.  (Published Monday, March 6, 2017) Police in Sturbridge, Massachusetts, are searching for a man who allegedly shoplifted from a Walmart. According to police, the incident occurred on Saturday around 8 a.m. Police Searching for Missing Teenage Girl The suspect can be seen on the video walking out of the store without paying for a bicycle. Anyone with information is asked to contact police. Warwick Residents Mourn Loss of Mother, 4 Kids in House Fire Published at 5:53 AM EST on Mar 6, 2017 | Updated at 6:47 AM EST on Mar 6, 2017 Get the latest from necn anywhere, anytime Download the App Available for IOS and Android Follow necn Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Clean Transport Published on March 6th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 0 Trump’s & Republicans’ “Border Adjustment Tax” Is Pissing Off Auto Dealers March 6th, 2017 by Steve Hanley  Originally published on Gas2. The Border Adjustment Tax idea began with Donald Trump, who loves making policy that fits in a Tweet. Sadly, he is often short on details about how his hyperbolic histrionics might actually work or what impact his blandishments may have on the very people whose interests he purports to be promoting. Trump’s blather about Mexican imports resonates with his supporters. Build a wall! Make Mexico pay for it! Protect American jobs! Put America first! All that sloganeering plays well in Peoria. “Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes, but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing or almost nothing,” Trump told a joint session of Congress last week. Trade Is Not Always Fair His words are not without a basis in fact, especially as it applies to China. That country prohibits an American company from manufacturing products within its borders unless it enters into a 50–50 partnership with a Chinese company first. That means they also have to share all intellectual property associated with producing the products. Chinese companies wishing to do business in the US are under no such obligation. That hardly seems fair. Trump has an almost pathological hatred of Mexico and all the people who live there, referring to them repeatedly as murderers, drug dealers, and rapists. His border tax idea seems rooted more in his desire to punish Mexico and its people than in any economic reality. His tirades completely overlook the fact that Mexico is also one of America’s biggest trading partners. Many American jobs are made possible by manufacturing items for sale south of the border. Cheap goods manufactured elsewhere have been the engine that has driven the American economy to new heights over the past 20 years. Walmart would still be a tiny little dry goods store in a sleepy town in Arkansas were it not for globalization. Border Adjustment Tax Proposed By Republicans Emboldened by all of The Donald’s pandering to his base, Republicans in Congress have decided they want to do some pandering of their own. They have introduced legislation that would levy an across the board 20% Border Adjustment Tax (BAT) on automobiles and automotive parts shipped into the US from other countries, not just Mexico. The Republicans want to bask in the “We’re making America great again” balderdash being doled out by the same man they all ran away from before the election because they thought he was a raving lunatic. But if sucking up to fear filled voters worked for Trump, it might just work for them, too, so now they are running to embrace him, hoping some of his luster will rub off on them when the 2018 off-year elections roll around. The Border Tax Is Simpleminded Auto analyst Alan Baum says it is simpleminded to assume suppliers or carmakers can just flip a switch and suddenly in-source their overseas manufacturing. “We’re at a peak in the market. Politicians want more direct investment in US manufacturing, but this is the exact wrong timing.” Baum says the BAT could shrink the automotive sector by 6.5% or 1.1 million vehicles. “So now the industry would be hurting, and you’re asking them to reinvest in US production, which is absurd.” Car dealers are also less than pleased with the BAT idea. “This is a really fragile time,” says Paul Ritchie, who owns a Kia and Honda dealership in Hagerstown, Maryland, and a Honda dealership in Altoona, Pennsylvania. “The average consumer hasn’t seen much of an income increase, but car prices keep going up.” Jason Courter is the chief operating officer of two Honda dealers in the state of Washington. He worries that the border tax would also affect the mix of cars available to drivers in the US. If automakers can’t make a profit on some models, they just won’t be sold in the US any more. That means less competition, which will drive prices up even more. “That’s really strange. This vote [the 2016 election] was supposed to be about less government, but this is about government handcuffing the free market.” Dealers To Testify Before Congress Cody Lusk is chairman of the American International Automobile Dealers Association. Lusk is blunt about the BAT. “It’s a recipe for disaster. It’s a tax on consumers, and it means the average car payment goes up by almost $100 a month — and that’s on a car that just goes up by a $2,000 sticker.” Lusk is concerned the BAT could plunge the US back into a recession. That’s the message he is sending to members of the AIADA. He is urging them to come to Washington to testify to Congress on March 8 and let elected officials know that they are playing with fire. One dealer who says he will be there is Dave Conant, head of Conant Auto Group in Irvine, California. His organization has 1,300 employees and sells $1.2 billion worth of cars annually. One of its dealerships, Norm Reeves Honda, is consistently the biggest Honda dealership by volume in the world. Car Sales Are Vital To American Communities Conant is going to Washington because he thinks Congress don’t understand how important car sales are to local communities. It doesn’t matter if the cars on the floor are Fords or Hondas.  Even domestic brands import a lot of their parts and will be hurt by a border tax. “I don’t expect customers to think about any of this when they come to buy a car,” Conant says. “If they can’t afford the payment, that’s why they walk out the door.” Conant wants to tell Congress that sales tax, property tax, and all of the other parts of the economy that are based on the sale of automobiles, including insurance and repair businesses, are vitally important to the revenue streams of local governments. “When we sit down with city managers, they tell us that we’re paying for the parks department, the police, the sheriffs, all of it.” That’s no exaggeration. A 2015 Center for Automotive Research study found that nearly 7 million Americans are employed directly or indirectly in the auto sector. Combined, they earn half a trillion dollars in income and pay about $300 billion in taxes every year. Tweeting Is Not The Same As Governing Last week, Donald Trump admitted that the healthcare industry is really, really complicated. This may have been news to the Blusterer in Chief, but it comes as no surprise to anyone who knows anything about healthcare. Here’s a flash for The Donald and Congressional Republicans: The automotive industry and global trade are also really, really complicated and should be left to professionals, not poseurs trying to pump up their street cred in advance of the next election. Tweeting is not governing. Trump acts like a person playing chess for the first time. He is unable to see even one move ahead. He and his Republican acolytes are preparing the US economy for a train wreck of epic proportions. As usual, it is the little people who will pay the price for the buffoonery that passes for leadership in the Washington at the moment. Source: Autoblog | Photo by Gage Skidmore (some rights reserved) Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech daily newsletter or weekly newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: auto dealers, Border Adjustment Tax, car dealers, China, Donald Trump, Mexico, taxes About the Author Steve Hanley writes about the interface between technology and sustainability from his home in Rhode Island. You can follow him on Google + and on Twitter. Related Posts 10 Ways That President Trump Can Create Jobs → Gutted EPA Mileage Rules Will Please Global Petro-States → Trump, The CPP, EPA, & Renewable Energy Jobs — What To Expect This Week? → Solar Now Cheapest Electricity Option On Average In 58 Emerging Economies (BNEF Report) → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 70 ... Followers Follow ▲ 278 ... Fans Like ▲ 17 ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Fans Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica How Long Will Solar Panels Last, & How Well Will They Perform? Battery Legend Goodenough Now Betting On Solid-State Batteries Solar Now Cheapest Electricity Option On Average In 58 Emerging Economies (BNEF Report) US Electric Car Sales Up 68% In February Wind For All Of Denmark, Hiding The Tesla Model 3, Tesla Powerwall 2 Down Under ... (Top CleanTechnica Stories of the Week) Is New York’s “Compromise” The Future For Net Metering? Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. Follow @cleantechnica © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Next: up in Presidential: Pence jokes with 'enemy of the people' at Gridiron Dinner News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Presidential AP FACT CHECK: Trump takes credit where it's not deserved Updated: March 6, 2017 — 3:38 AM EST Facebook icon 10Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Bunch: The really big Trump scandal (almost) everyone is missing Mar 6 - 9:07 AM 6ABC’s Malpass puts $4.9M Rittenhouse Square home up for sale Mar 6 - 11:24 PM Close icon Shopping Cart icon Steve Helber / Associated Press / File President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks to navy and shipyard personnel aboard in Newport News, Va., Thursday, March 2, 2017. by CALVIN WOODWARD and JIM DRINKARD, The Associated Press Close icon CALVIN WOODWARD and JIM DRINKARD The Associated Press WASHINGTON (AP) - The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over from the last president. Related Coverage Pence jokes with 'enemy of the people' at Gridiron Dinner White House aides defend Trump's wiretapping claim Afghan family detained in Los Angeles are asking for release You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama's time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: -Big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. -Corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. -An infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. -A tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama's presidency. -A $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. -His plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly - the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission "was started before I got here," Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, "Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice." THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: "According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America's taxpayers many billions of dollars a year." THE FACTS: That's not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants "contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services." The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants' children "are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population." This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the "long-run fiscal impact" of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive "if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account." ___ TRUMP: "We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price" of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 - after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company's CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, "I don't see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this." ___ TRUMP: "Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs." THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama's presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel's high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump's term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer "one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history." THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn't come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: "Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force." THE FACTS: That's true, but for the vast majority of them, it's because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn't have a job and isn't looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It's true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation's unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: "Our Navy is now the smallest it's been since, believe or not, World War I. Don't worry. It's going to soon be the largest it's been." THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it's been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I - bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a "peace dividend" from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump's military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching - much less exceeding - the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It's unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: "According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home - from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center." THE FACTS: It's unclear what Justice Department data he's citing, but the most recent government information doesn't back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren't entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It's true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI's primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that's no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: "We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world." THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world's best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy's top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world's finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson's main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. "We will not be able to 'buy' our way out of the challenges that we face," he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures Published: March 6, 2017 — 5:30 AM EST Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in news Eagles › Eagles likely have free-agency moves in mind already Helen Ubiñas › Ubiñas: Emergency room doctors fight fear of deportation News › Police officer injured responding to teen mob in Center City Mother Divine, leader of the International Peace Mission, dies at 92 Sixers battered by Bucks as Okafor sits again Bunch: Maybe giving U.S. senators a 6-year term wasn't a great idea Court lays down the law for Philly's juvenile lifers Sielski: Filppula's chance a cold slap to Couturier Ex-aide at Conestoga High School gets jail time for sex with student Fire at massive aquatic fitness facility in Northeast What you post on social media could reveal a lot about your health Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air Schedule Listen Listen Live Mobile Mobile APP Events Submit An Event VIP Club Sign Up Contests Contest Rules VIP Support Submit a Birthday Local Expert Win Stuff Lovin Moments Fire HD 10 $100 Regal Movie Gift Card Cloud Mountain Outdoor Furniture Set Amazon Tap KitchenAid Artisan Series Mixer $300 Airline Gift Card Amazon Echo $200 Cabela’s Gift Card Weather School Closings Keeler Tees for Tots Show Notes/Audio Keeler Cow Shirt Keeler Hobika Free Money Contest Contact Help & Contact Info Website Feedback Submit an Event Advertise With Us Careers Be An Event Vendor Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSSTip Us TRENDING: WIBX950 APP School Closings & Delays CNY Scoreboard This Week In The Mohawk Valley Traffic Advisories Utica Comets News Lottery Results 3rd Annual Treadmill Challenge Makes Huge Contribution to Heart Weekend Total By Andrew Derminio March 6, 2017 4:59 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter America’s Greatest Heart Run & Walk drew nearly 6,000 walkers and runners out into the frigid temperatures on Saturday. Participants helped raise a total of $976,143 to help fight heart disease and stroke. Our 46th annual WIBX Slocum-Dickson Heart Radiothon helped contribute over $50,000 to the grand total. The 3rd annual Walmart Treadmill Challenge was another huge success bringing in over $15,000 on Friday. Below is the list of participants and their fund-raising totals. Each of our challengers did an amazing job, and Sheriff Rob Maciol and Jennifer Venezio of Body by Design were the top earners. 2017 WalMart Treadmill Challenge Hourly Totals: 8:00-9:00 Jeff Monaski: $910.00 Paulie Diamond: $570.00 9:00-10:00 Anthony Picente: $550.00 Blaise Faggiano / David Fontaine: $180.00 10:00-11:00 Meghan Fraser-McGrogan: $520.00 Angie Pavlovsky: $355.00 11:00-12:00 Don Shipman: $600.00 Jill Reale: $565.00 12:00-1:00 Sheriff Robert Maciol: $1,787.00 Jennifer Venezio: $1,665.00 1:00-2:00 John Bartholomeo: $1,195.00 Ryan Obernesser: $868.00 2:00-3:00 Spencer Davidson: $210.00 Adam Lawless: $1,281.00 3:00-4:00 Dr. Stephen Eadline: $690.00 Dr. Maria Gesualdo: $850.00 4:00-5:00 Anthony Brindisi: $601.00 Mayor Robert Palmieri: $701.00 5:00-6:00 Kevin Revere: $790.00 Dick Presky: $925.00 TOTAL: $15,813.00 We want to thank all the participants for making this one of the best years yet. We also want to thank everyone who called in a pledge. We totaled over $24,000 in pledges for the weekend. Behind The Scenes At The 'Healthy For Good' Expo Filed Under: 2017 america's greatest heart run and walk | american heart association | treadmill challenge | wibx slocum dickson heart radiothon Category: Utica-Rome News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best Of WIBX950 Retired Syracuse Catholic Bishop Dies At 84 Boil Water Advisory Issued For Portion Of Chadwicks Military Aircraft To Conduct Training Flights At Griffiss Airport Hamilton Makes 2017 NCAA Men’s Division III Hockey Tourney Recommended For You ZergNet Best Of The Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts and Reporters Keeler in the Morning Jeff Monaski Andrew Derminio Jim Rondenelli All Hosts and Reporters WIBX on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Latest from WIBX New York Launches Program To Help Ex-Inmates Get Housing March 6, 2017 New York Ski Resorts Aim For 100 Percent Renewable Energy March 6, 2017 Have You Heard Of New York’s Pig Rock March 6, 2017 Retired Syracuse Catholic Bishop Dies At 84 March 6, 2017 WIBX's Daily Deal Five Classes of Fitness Kickboxing at Side Kicks Family Karate Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Utica Business Listings Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wibx950.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB Register Now Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive IBX INCENTIVE CLUB contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: WIBX 950 Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Close AP FACT CHECK: Trump takes credit where it's not deserved - Brownsville Herald: Elections Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 73° Overcast Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest City cracks down on truckers’ unauthorized road use With the city of Brownsville fighting a constant battle regarding road repairs, the Brownsville Police Department is getting tougher on commercial truckers using unauthorized roads to navigate around town. Posted: March 06 rss Texas News Report finds exonerations in the US rose again in 2016 Hit man in San Antonio murder-for-hire slaying set to die American Indians to protest Trump, pipeline in Washington 73M acres proposed for 1st Gulf-wide oil lease sale Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Schroder, Howard bicker during Atlanta's loss to Warriors AP New! ATLANTA (AP) — Dennis Schroder sounds miffed about getting benched. Dwight Howard insists it's no big deal. Mike Budenholzer says his team has got to learn play together. Posted: March 07 Sports, Nba Basketball, Professional Basketball More From The Latest Bogut's broken leg leaves Cavaliers cracked, incomplete Bogut breaks leg in debut, Cavs lose 106-98 to Heat ETSU tops UNC Greensboro 79-74 for SoCon title Openings begin in Las Vegas trial of ex-fighter War Machine Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Elections AP FACT CHECK: Trump takes credit where it's not deserved Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Steve Helber AP FACT CHECK: Trump takes credit where it's not deserved FILE - In this March 2, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks to Navy and shipyard personnel aboard nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford at Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport News, Va. (AP Photo/Steve Helber, File) Posted: Monday, March 6, 2017 2:38 am AP FACT CHECK: Trump takes credit where it's not deserved Associated Press | WASHINGTON (AP) — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over from the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama's time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: —Big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. —Corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. —An infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. —A tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama's presidency. —A $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. —His plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission "was started before I got here," Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, "Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice." THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: "According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America's taxpayers many billions of dollars a year." THE FACTS: That's not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants "contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services." The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants' children "are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population." This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the "long-run fiscal impact" of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive "if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account." ___ TRUMP: "We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price" of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company's CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, "I don't see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this." ___ TRUMP: "Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs." THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama's presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel's high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump's term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer "one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history." THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn't come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: "Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force." THE FACTS: That's true, but for the vast majority of them, it's because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn't have a job and isn't looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It's true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation's unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: "Our Navy is now the smallest it's been since, believe or not, World War I. Don't worry. It's going to soon be the largest it's been." THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it's been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a "peace dividend" from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump's military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It's unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: "According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center." THE FACTS: It's unclear what Justice Department data he's citing, but the most recent government information doesn't back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren't entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It's true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI's primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that's no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: "We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world." THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world's best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy's top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world's finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson's main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. "We will not be able to 'buy' our way out of the challenges that we face," he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News Top Trump security adviser faces questions in rare hearing ARTICLE: Top Trump security adviser faces questions in rare hearing ARTICLE: As president, Trump seeks answers on his own wiretap mystery GOP bill unlikely to settle passionate health care debate ARTICLE: GOP bill unlikely to settle passionate health care debate More about Government And Politics Trump signs new anti-terror travel ban _without new fanfare Critics on new travel ban: more palatable, still problematic Critics on new travel ban: more palatable, still problematic Critics on new travel ban: more palatable, still problematic HTML: Immigration from Countries Listed in Executive Order More about Economy Asian shares mostly higher despite pullback on Wall Street Asian shares mostly higher despite pullback on Wall Street HTML: Major U.S. Market Indices Value Over Time - Trailing Year ARTICLE: Asian shares mostly higher despite pullback on Wall Street US military remains dominant in Asia, but China is rising Discuss Print Posted in Elections on Monday, March 6, 2017 2:38 am. | Tags: General News, Government And Politics, Economy, Business, Terrorism, War And Unrest, Defense Contracts, Military And Defense, Government Contracts, Government Business And Finance, Contracts And Orders, Corporate News, Electronic Parts Manufacturing, Industrial Products And Services, Labor Economy, Hiring And Recruitment, Personnel, Immigration, Social Issues, Social Affairs, Legislature | Location Tags: United States, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition Online Features Real Estate Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Make a striking focal point the found... Brandpoint (BPT) Flood insurance: Does your excuse hol... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying a Home? What to Know about Dow... Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Cinemark starts alcohol sales: Beer, wine at Brownsville theater follows national trend Two charged with prostitution Pace principal gets $3,500 surprise Brownsville man busted near Texarkana with $7M in cocaine City issues reminder on microchip ordinance More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes In Edinburg New Home, 1 Bedroom Good Location Ideal for Updated: Yesterday MISSION CIMARRON Golf Course, 3 Bdrm., 2 Ba., CA/H, Garage Updated: Yesterday San Benito. Tropical Trail 50+ Mbl. Home & RV Park. Updated: Yesterday More Homes Cars 2013 VOLVO XC90 LIKE NEW FOR THE LOW PRICE OF $19,995. $19,995 posted: March 06 2015 Chevy Suburban Ltz, All Leather, Very Clean. Call Eddie posted: March 06 `15 NISSAN FRONTIER, ALL POWER GREAT ON GAS, MUST DRIVE. posted: March 06 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Make a striking focal point the found... Brandpoint (BPT) Flood insurance: Does your excuse hol... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying a Home? What to Know about Dow... Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Skip to main content Labs Blog Mobile About Us Help Login / Register Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training 06 Mar 2017 Program Officer- 1 Vacancy based in Yumbe with daily work in Bidibidi Settlement (Open to Ugandan Nationals Only) Jobfrom Mercy Corps — Closing date: 10 Mar 2017 PROGRAM/DEPARTMENT SUMMARY: Mercy Corps has been operating in Uganda since 2006 and works to catalyze change makers within the Ugandan private sector, civil society and government to create economically dynamic, healthy and secure communities. Our works focus on building resilience and enabling economic growth, improving opportunities to attain better health and nutrition, and improving governance and conflict management. We implement programs in the northern districts of Pader, Kitgum, Agago, Lamwo, Gulu, Omoro, Moroto, Kaabong, Abim and Kotido with funding from USAID, US State Department, Walmart Foundation, SDC, DFID as well as other private donations. We were recently awarded funding for an 8-month Directorate-General for European Civil Protection and Humanitarian Aid Operations (ECHO) funded program around Multi-Purpose Cash and Protection for South Sudanese refugees in Bidibidi Settlement in Yumbe District, Uganda. The program will be led by DanChurchAid with Mercy Corps as an implementing partner. The program will focus on unconditional cash transfers to Persons with Special Needs that will be defined through specific vulnerability criteria as well as a cash for work component for youth. The program’s protection activities will be conducted by TPO Uganda. GENERAL POSITION SUMMARY: Mercy Corps is looking for an experienced, qualified Ugandan to fill the position of Program Officer. Reporting to the Program Manager, the Program Officer will support implementation of cash transfer and cash-for-work activities in two zones in the Bidibidi Settlement of Yumbe District. Two Program Officers will focus on Cash Transfer activities while a third will focus on Cash-for-Work. As needed, program officers will be expected to support all interventions of the program. Specific activities will include strengthening relationships with existing community structures, assessing beneficiaries based on vulnerability criteria; mobilizing community members for assessments and registration of beneficiaries; development of platform for cash transfers and payment; implementation of cash distributions; post-distribution monitoring and after-action-reviews and any other activity as needed. S/he will be a creative, action-oriented problem solver with strong experience in partnership management. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Planning, developing and implementing humanitarian cash transfer activities · In coordination with Program Manager, mobilize community members, taking care to identify those who fit the pre-established vulnerability criteria, for registration and other activities. · Support and lead community sensitization activities around cash transfer and cash-for-work activities in two zones of focus in Bidibidi Settlement. Identify specific topic areas of information needed and develop clear communications plans to effectively disseminate information. · Coordinate closely with lead agency, DanChurchAid, to ensure activities are in line with each other. · Support development of platform to distribute cash and its implementation in the field. · Plan and implement cash distributions on a monthly basis to Persons with Special Needs. Documentation, Monitoring, Evaluation and Reporting · Under guidance of Program Manager and M&E Officer, participate in any market assessment and baseline/endline data gathering needs. · Support the development of vulnerability criteria and beneficiary registration tool. · Work closely with supervisor to capture data for measuring output and impact of the program; and to ensure accurate and timely flow of information from the field. Specific data collection would include post-distribution monitoring and after action reviews for key activities. Continuous improvement of activities will be expected based on this information. · Prepare and submit timely weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports that will be indicative of program progress during implementation. Respond to queries if and when necessary. · Maintain proper filing system. Collaboration/Networking · Establish and maintain good coordination and working relationships with Office of the Prime Minister, UNHCR local government officials, and other NGOs/CBOs, representing Mercy Corps and soliciting participation in activities where appropriate and as directed. · Conduct himself/herself both professionally and personally in such a manner as to bring credit to Mercy Corps Uganda and to not jeopardize its humanitarian mission. Organizational Learning: · As part of Mercy Corps Uganda’s commitment to organizational learning and in support of our understanding that learning organizations are more effective, efficient and relevant to the communities they serve - we expect all team members to commit 5% of their time to learning activities that benefit the program as well as themselves. KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE: · Bachelor’s Degree in relevant field is preferred. · At least 3years related professional experience · Background in humanitarian response activities, preferably in cash transfer and/or cash for work programming. Ideally candidate will have experience working on electronic methods of payment. · Strong community mobilization experience a must. · Strong writing, communication, organization, prioritization and negotiating skills. · Excellent (English) verbal and written communication skills. · Strong computer literacy with a full knowledge of office applications. · Excellent attention to detail and ability to complete tasks in a timely manner. How to apply: Applications: Submit your application through email to ug-mcjobs@mercycorps.org addressed to the Senior HR and Legal Manager, Mercy Corps Uganda. Include a cover letter clearly stating your salary requirements, CV (with 3 referees), and copies of academic qualifications/certificates. Deadline for Submission: Close of business on Friday, 10th March, 2017. Subject of email should include the position you are applying for. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted by Mercy Corps. Mercy Corps is an equal opportunity employer; qualified female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. Job ID: #1926594 Career categories: Program/Project Management Country: Uganda Organization: Mercy Corps Job years of experience: 3-5 years Job type: Job How to apply Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training About Us Help ReliefWeb Informing humanitarians worldwide. A service provided by ReliefWeb has been the leading online source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. Learn more about ReliefWeb ReliefWeb Apps: 12,000 downloads and counting! After only four months, ReliefWeb mobile apps have been downloaded more than 12,000 times! We began developing mobile apps in mid-2016 to make information more accessible to our... Visit the blog Connect With ReliefWeb Receive news about us Related Sites Submit Content Share information through ReliefWeb to better inform humanitarians worldwide. How to submit content Tools API - Real-time data stream to power next-generation apps. Location Maps - Country maps for your reports and presentations. Humanitarian Icons - Ready-to-use symbols and icons. Free download. ReliefWeb Videos - Selected humanitarian videos for countries, topics and organizations. RSS - Subscribe to information finely tuned to your needs. Frequently Asked Questions - Get answers to common problems and learn more about ReliefWeb. Contact Us - Ask questions and suggest improvements.
BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines | Jobs about us | ad info Subscribe to BizReport Receive our email newsletter with breaking news, in-depth reports & interviews: Get our RSS feed Search BizReport News by Topic Marketing Advertising Search Marketing Email Marketing Loyalty Marketing Mobile Marketing Social Marketing Viral Marketing Trends & Ideas Internet Marketing 101 Beyond Marketing Blogs & Content Domain Names E-commerce Internet Law & Regulation Research White Papers Magazines Jobs BizReport : Ecommerce : March 06, 2017 Ecommerce leading way for more 3rd party sellers With more people shopping online, as evidenced by the 2016 holiday season, more retailers are opening seller sites within larger hubs like Amazon, Ebay and Etsy. While there are challenges to successful online selling, one expert believes the benefits outweigh the challenges. by Kristina Knight Kristina: We are seeing substantial interest in 3rd party/ecommerce selling. What is driving this? Aron Hsiao, Head of Communications, Terapeak: First off is ecommerce as a whole. As every recent holiday season has shown, ecommerce is taking a larger and larger chunk of the retail pie. Next are the marketplaces--eBay, Amazon, Walmart, and so on. More than half of all shoppers now start their retail searches by going to Amazon.com according to Internet Retailing. In short, what's driving this interest is changes in the retail landscape and in shopper behavior--toward ecommerce and toward a few large marketplaces. Sellers that aren't there--increasingly aren't reaching a larger and larger percentage of shoppers. Kristina: Do you expect this interest to continue? Aron: In terms of ecommerce in general, the horse has left the barn. Ecommerce hasn't been described as a "fad" or as "niche" in years, and for good reason--most shoppers these days expect the selection and prices that ecommerce offers, which is why every major retailer has an ecommerce presence, and why retailers that are struggling often foreground their ecommerce operations at the expense of brick-and-mortar reach. Kristina: Is it necessary, at this point, for smaller retailers to look at marketplace selling? Aron: SMBs are going to find it more and more necessary to have a presence on major marketplaces if they want to compete and grow. But while it's important to be on the marketplaces to reach shoppers the first time, having an independent website tends to be important for establishing customer loyalty and repeat purchases, and for maximizing margins. So more and more SMBs are going to find that their best approach is to maintain a presence on marketplaces, then to work to drive awareness through those transactions of independent websites where they can better differentiate themselves and avoid the fee overhead that comes with marketplaces. News in your inbox Tags: 3rd party selling, ecommerce, ecommerce trends, Terapeak Tweet No Comments Email to a friend Print this article Subscribe to BizReport Please enter your e-mail here: Email this article to: Your email address: Message (optional): More articles from this category OTA mobile traffic outpaces desktop in UK and Italy | March 07, 2017 Top 4 tips to better lead Millennials | March 03, 2017 Expert: Chatbots poised to change how people browse | March 03, 2017 More Stories on Related Topics Ecommerce Research Trends & Ideas Latest Headlines Brand satisfaction key to email subscriber retention OTA mobile traffic outpaces desktop in UK and Italy Ecommerce leading way for more 3rd party sellers SendGrid: Mobile key for email campaigns Third of publishers still falling foul of FTC native ad guidelines Cybersecurity adoption increasing fastest among small businesses Expert: How programmatic direct is changing 28% of UK insurers fail to optimize website for mobile More... Featured White Papers Learn Why 83% of Advertisers Are Reporting Superior Outcomes With People-Based Ads Traditional digital display advertising doesn't work. The information in this report is based on an online survey of 350 senior... 2016 Email Marketing Metrics Benchmark Study To build a world-class marketing program, it's crucial to compare yourself to the best performers - but competitor data can... 10 Ways to Use Customer Lifetime Value to Reinvent Your Marketing Strategy CLV insights can help you to attract high-margin customers, target clusters of customers with untapped value, and retain high-value customers... 16 Innovative Loyalty Programs of 2016 Engaging customers in a loyalty program is no easy feat. Read how 16 brands grabbed headlines in 2016 by launching... BizReport Research Library Download the latest marketing research & free white papers Ad Networks Email Marketing Search Marketing Website Analytics Ad Serving Search Engines Viral Marketing Website Development Most Popular White Papers BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines © 1999- BizReport. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer http://www.bizreport.com/2017/03/ecommerce-leading-way-for-more-3rd-party-sellers.html     Copyright © 1999- BizReport. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of BizReport content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. BizReport shall not be liable for any errors in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs March 6, 2017 Descent into Fascism: Corporate-Militarist Paradigm by Norman Pollack by Tweet Email Trump’s speech to a joint-session of Congress, 2-28, is a milestone in political-ideological deception. Joseph Goebbels could not have said it better, the “it” being the inversion of American reality as the nation seeks a further leg up on global hegemony and at the same time cheapens if not degrades its labor force. Liberals feel a sense of outrage, focusing their criticism on much benighted Jeff Sessions, rather than on the emasculation of government, near-destruction of the social welfare sector, a monstrous arms build-up, absolute spoliation of water and other resources, and defying other environmental needs and safeguards, not least the effect of fracking and coal mining on climate change. Liberals, i.e., Democrats, are either unable and unwilling to protest on the systemic level (whatever the issue) or have already become, as complicit partners, a hazily leftwing extension of the Trumpian weltanschauung or consensus forming in the United States. From a Left standpoint, they are a disgrace to human identity and humanitarian ideals, like the Republicans corporatist in assumptions (here a modified hierarchical social order) and militaristic in every fiber of their being, a heritage of anticommunism still subscribed to and intended by their patriotism to remove all stigma to disloyalty. The pusillanimous fight they are putting up against Trump tends to confirm the preceding characterization. By descent I don’t mean final destination arrived at, merely, up until now the circumnavigation of fascism (in its early, more corporatist form, as in the activities and approval of the National Association of Manufacturers, rather than—isolationism quite pronounced—militarism in overt form) beginning in the 1920s. In Europe and Japan there are of course stirrings of fascism in that decade, with Italy actualizing the form, and in the 1930s Germany and Japan truly come into their own in that respect. The source for this development is capitalism, with specific ideologies, now incorporating avowed militarism, becoming rationales for both intra-capitalist rivalries and blunt anti-socialism. With and following World War II, militaristic underpinnings have become a necessitous element in the definition of capitalism, nowhere more clearly seen than in the US. Now, with Trump, circumnavigation around, is turning directly into the penetration of the genuine article. We move, under Trump, as in his address to Congress, from “exploitative capitalism,” the traditional form, to “liar capitalism,” which subsumes into itself the former, yet adds a dimension of ulterior disguise and motive that makes one alert to the prospect of permanent change. Fascism can be many-layered, and, as in Nazi Germany, seemingly less bottomless in depravity, but as I’ve noted elsewhere, it doesn’t require the concentration camp or gas chamber, and primarily, in historical form, it is based ultimately on the close alignment (co-partnership) of capitalism and the state, or more concretely, business and government. In that structural context, the impetus of the first to the second (although a reverse influence is also manifest) is the creation and reinforcement of hierarchy as the organizing principle of the social order. The capitalist class system, already in place, is then superimposed on what becomes a class-state, to defend and replenish of which the military factor springs forth as though by necessity. For fascism to operate, the parallel structures require the degree of integration which renders each of them more internally advanced, the better to complement and reinforce the potential war-provoking tendencies of both. And more, social regimentation as well is a long-term product of class and war (or its constant threat as presented by its leaders). Even without their closeness in a formal sense, we see that each, especially starting with the twentieth century, contains, as a separable factor, the same quest for hegemony and self-aggrandizement having the effect of creating a common, synthesized ruling group. Trump, in all his arrogant innocence—innocence in the sense of ignorance of how devastating his role is, for the destruction of a society that still claims to be a democratic polity—is fairly transparent in the deceptions practiced, measured by the policies already charted or enacted compared with statements he is making (the speech to Congress) or has already made. He is adept at locating the discussion of military strengthening, tax favoritism to giant corporations, the near-destruction of public-school education (only one of several options, with no special tax benefits), and the generalized dismantlement of government, in a context with platitudes about citizenship, patriotism, American greatness, in sum, a demagogic mishmash whose function is, beyond promoting concentrated wealth, deregulation, and national power, the obfuscation pure and simple of all policy making because detrimental to societal democratization and the heading off of the threat of fascism (itself subject to all manner of euphemistic expressions). Let’s turn, then, to the speech. (I am drawing on the prepared text, and may have missed slight alterations or verbal asides—as well as his use of repetition.) Trump begins with a celebration of “our Nation’s path toward civil rights and the work that still remains,” and a philo-Semitism addressing the threat to Jewish community centers and the desecration of Jewish cemeteries. High-minded and certainly unobjectionable, save that his framework and appointments—a genuinely white man’s party—and his remarks in defense of Judaism which come down to the ironclad support for Israel, purposely lack a (small-“d”) democratic thrust in relating to each. He follows the tribute with, typical throughout the speech, a splurge of sentiment in which his speechwriters (Bannon? etc.) must have taken delight in their craftsmanship: “Each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice—in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present. This torch is now in our hands. And we will use it to light up the world. I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart.” The American future converges on Trump, a frightening thought when one considers how he is reaching already to become the Leader, his melding with his followers (it is presumed he speaks for the Nation), the toleration hardly expected to be coming applied to dissident views or, in steamroller mode on his part, resistance and opposition. Thus, he states: “A new chapter of American Greatness is now beginning. A new national pride is sweeping across our Nation. And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp.” After more of the same, this wondrous state of mind is joined by hints at military superiority and greatness: “Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead. All the nations of the world—friend or foe—will find that America is strong, America is proud, and America is free.” In his contemplation of the future (America soon will celebrate its 250th year), he then begins to pull out the stops on his fervent nationalism, his ridicule of past presidents, his claims of generosity in foreign policy: “I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course of our future. For too long, we’ve watched our middle class shrink as we’ve exported our jobs and wealth to foreign countries [outsourcing on the part of the very corporations he praises in the speech and as a constant theme]. We’ve financed and built one global project after another [not to say, his own activities in creating international projects], but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit—and so many other places throughout our land.” Concern for the poor is touching, but it seems contrary to his Billionaire Cabinet, plans for military expansion which directly affect the fate of ameliorating conditions in the inner cities, and his active promotion, the whole weight of his administration, on furthering the inequitable distribution of wealth. And the recriminatory spirit continues, this despite his previous disregard for borders where investment is concerned: “We’ve defended the borders of other nations, while leaving our own borders wide open, for anyone to cross [open sesame for anti-immigrant policy and feeling]—and for drugs to pour in at a now unprecedented rate. And we’ve spent trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled.” That infrastructure, frequently mentioned in the speech, is the province of privatization, not, like the New Deal, testimony to the will of government to stand on behalf of the public function. Here Trump the megalomaniac speaks up, the undisputed leader of a mass movement bursting the seams of government itself, so vast the groundswell for change as he directs it: “Then, in 2016, the earth shifted beneath our feet. The rebellion started as a quiet protest [from the Nazi playbook, making “rebellion” the basis for a popular movement of the dispossessed, and not the rich industrialist or banker], spoken by families of all colors and creeds—families who just wanted a fair shot for their children, and a fair hearing for their concerns.” It grew, plain folk angry and on the march: “But then the quiet voices became a loud chorus—as thousands of citizens now spoke out together, from cities small and large, all across our country.” (In all fairness to Trump, this was a somewhat accurate description of the 2016 election, in which the fascistic proclivities of a wide swath of the citizenry came out of the woodwork to give him the nomination and election, provided of course it is also recognized that electorate and candidate each reinforced these proclivities of the other.) He completes the description of political inundation, a tidal wave of Reaction: “Finally, the chorus became an earthquake—and the people turned out by the tens of millions, and they were all united by one very simple, but crucial demand, that America must put its own citizens first—because only then, can we truly MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN [the form in the transcript]. If this is not a good introduction to incipient fascism, I don’t know what is, as if, to go back, Hitler told the workers (another euphemism, “soldiers in industry”) you are first and foremost a German, divorced from class roots or alternative identities. From there to the aforementioned mishmash, militarism and monopoly capital get somehow lost in the deeds putatively to be accomplished. Thus, “Dying industries will come roaring back to life. Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need. Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve. Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our beautiful land…. Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people.” Here Trump wants “to update the Nation on the progress I’ve made in keeping those promises.” The honor roll of corporate wealth is presented as exemplification of America First, yet in several cases known previously for their overseas investments: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart, and many others, have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States [that may be true, to be on the good side of Trump] and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” But none with a practical presence in international economic affairs is going to divest and return home, nor attempt to alter the structure of world capitalism (except as it continues to further US prominence and predominance globally), which is already in America’s favor. In Trump’s bag of rhetorical tricks, we see the inveterate boastfulness, he, the near messiah, flattered by the loyalty of a large public in the maw of false consciousness, take credit for the rise of the market simultaneous with, not coincidentally, drastic cutting of the welfare sector, his supporters cheering “U.S.A.” along the way. Only the military benefits from his priorities and framework of government: “The stock market gained almost three trillion dollars in value since the election on November 8th, a record. [I think here of Huey Long’s “Every man a king,” except that Trump operates on a gigantic scale—and Long possibly had some redeeming features, such as eschewing race-baiting in the deep South.] We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of the fantastic new F-35 jet fighter [debatable savings given the record thus far, and, when Trump uses “fantastic,” unlikely to upset the apple cart given his admiration of weapons systems], and will be saving billions more dollars on contracts all across our Government. We have placed a hiring freeze on non-military and non-essential Federal workers.” Behind the theme of budget savings, however, lies the cardinal demand for deregulation, which opens the way for an attack on the environment: “We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations [the use of working people to camouflage staking out a claim for corporate capitalism], creating a deregulation task force inside of every Government agency: imposing a new rule which mandates that for every 1 new regulation, 2 old regulations must be eliminated; and stopping a regulation that threatens the future and livelihoods of our great coal miners.” The 1 for 2 ruling is, in conception, a veiled effort to destroy, given its arbitrary nature, the regulatory effectiveness of the process—cynicism nonpareil. As for the environment, on pending measures, he says: “We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines—thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs—and I’ve issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel.” Quite a first five weeks of activity, this reminds me of a dystopian vision of FDR’s Hundred Days in microcosm, a vicious approach to what should have been a rebuilding effort of renaissance proportions. Stopping the supply of drugs from entering America becomes the whipping boy for unrelated, or seemingly related, aspects of Trump’s program: obviously, the construction of the wall, but also the purification of domestic America, immigration-controls in general, and job creation. Trump’s get-tough policies represent a top-down framing of injecting totalitarian controls on society, using crime as a catch-all for pretext of embellishing the theme of Fortress America, which implicitly suffuses the speech. He states: “We will stop the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth—and we will expand treatment for those who have become so badly addicted.” Then the direct jump: “At the same time, my Administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security. By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages, help the unemployed, save billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone.” Hard to know if he here fuses Mexicans and Muslims from the seven proscribed countries as a unified threat, but the speech constantly invokes a genocidal vision of so-called deplorables or undesirables: “We want all Americans to succeed—but that can’t happen in an environment of lawless chaos. We must restore integrity and the rule of law to our borders.” Rule of law is problematic, with the much-feared round-up already in progress. Restoring integrity means, “we will soon begin the construction of a great wall [now Trump, Chinese Emperor] along our southern border. It will be started ahead of schedule and, when finished, it will be a very effective weapon against drugs and crime. As we speak, we are removing gang members, drug dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our citizens. Bad ones are going out as I speak tonight and as I have promised.” Trump has not forgotten the presumed Muslim threat: “Our obligation is to serve, protect, and defend the citizens of the United States. We are also taking strong measures to protect our Nation from Radical Islamic Terrorism.” In fact, he sees that practically lurking under every bed: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country,” and then there are attacks “in France, in Belgium, in Germany and all over the world.” And so, “[i]t is not compassionate, but reckless, to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur. Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values.” Spoken like a true patriot. Trump is on the job, having issued orders for the “Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy ISIS,” impose “new sanctions on entities and individuals who support Iran’s ballistic missile program,” and reaffirm “our unbreakable alliance with the State of Israel,” all of this immediately followed by a tribute to the late Antonin Scalia, whose wife sat in the gallery. As he approaches the closing, his speech takes on a current of hyper-nationalism, achieved through criticism of previous, especially Obama’s, administrations. The gloves are off: “Tonight, as I outline the next steps we must take as a country, we must honestly acknowledge the circumstances we inherited.” Perversely, these are the very facts which give a lie to what he hopes to accomplish, given his failure to consider any but rightist proposals for societal improvement: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force. Over 43 million people are now living in poverty, and over 43 million Americans are on food stamps. More than 1 in 5 people in their prime working years are not working. We have the worst financial recovery in 65 years. In the last 8 years, the past Administration has put on more new debt than nearly all other Presidents combined.” To boot, “we have inherited a series of tragic foreign policy disasters.” Much of which Trump criticizes could be said by a radical, on unemployment and a consequent maldistribution of wealth, except that his premise for constructing and justifying the criticism is the near-irrefragable principle (to him) of privatization, the self-evident goal in displacing the welfare and/or regulatory functions of government. We have no assurance that each problem he cites would not fare still worse under his aegis. He even calls at this point for bipartisan cooperation in advancing his agenda: solving the foregoing, “and so many other pressing problems, will require us to work past the differences of party. It will require us to tap into the American spirit that has overcome every challenge throughout our long and storied history.” With that flourish, we now, but briefly, find the emphasis on antigovernment privatization: “But to accomplish our goals at home and abroad, we must restart the engine of the American economy [as though it was in the hands until now of nefarious socialists]—making it easier for companies to do business in the United States, and much harder for companies to leave.” To sugar the pot, Trump adds: “Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world [a dubious assertion]. My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so that they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone. [Fortress America is not the abandonment of foreign markets. Autarky here has an expansive dimension of growth.] At the same time, we will provide massive tax relief for the middle class. We must create a level playing field for American companies and workers.” Both workers and the middle class provide buffers against the government’s getting too close in the regulation of these companies. Complaining about high tariffs placed on American goods, yet “when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them almost nothing,” Trump, using Harley Davison (“they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles, made in the USA, on the front lawn of the White House”) for illustration, he lambastes other countries for their protective tariff, proclaiming: “I believe strongly in free trade but it also has to be FAIR TRADE [caps in the original transcript].” By now his message is clear: the wall to protect against immigrants is analogous to the wall sealing America from global restrictions by its aggressive business and military leaders, this through leaping over economic battlements without fear of retaliation. He wants the adoption of a merit-based system of immigration, infrastructural improvement, citing Eisenhower’s record on the interstate highway system, and, on rebuilding, the observance of two principles: Buy American, and Hire American. This he attaches to what is quite different: “Tonight, I am calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare with reforms that expand choice [privatization], increase access, lower costs, and at the same time, provide better Healthcare. None of these is, or will be, shown for likely adoption. Of course, instead, again privatization: “Mandating every American to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for America. [That compulsory in practice?] The way to make health insurance available to everyone is to lower the cost of health insurance, and that is what we will do…. One third of counties have only one insurer on the exchanges—leaving America with no choice at all. Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor, and keep your plan? We now know that all of those promises have been broken.” Not a word on the public option or sIngle-payer system, which would go a long way to correcting the present high costs and his other complaints, freedom of choice, another barrier, ideological in nature, to prevent direct government involvement. Trump is impatient. On health care, he says: “Obamacare is collapsing—and we must act decisively to protect all Americans. Action is not a choice—it is a necessity.” He presents a five-part plan, in scrapping the existing system never mentioning the privatization route by name, and he does this with a plea for bipartisan cooperation, which, for Democrats, surrenders what little there is worth retaining. Hence, he says: “I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster.” A private system is the watchword, so that, on point one, the movement to that status is clear from his demand that Americans with pre-existing conditions have access to coverage [implying a transfer of coverage], and that we have a stable transition [again implying a transfer from public to private] for Americans currently enrolled in the healthcare exchanges.” Second, more specific, “we should help Americans purchase their own coverage, through the use of tax credits and expanded Health Savings Accounts—but it must be the plan they want, not the plan forced on them by the Government.” (One might see Trump’s thinking revolving around the fetishism of choice, except that “choice” is coded to indicate the correct direction.) Third, “we should give our great State Governors the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out.” That is, sacrifice Medicaid to the states entirely, the likelihood of adequate coverage for all problematic. Fourth, afford the medical profession absolute protection against malpractice and other suits—patients, like workers and the middle class, a barrier to taking effective action, and fifth, provide direct assistance to the health insurance industry, allowing companies to cross state lines—“creating a truly competitive national marketplace [once more sanctioning the private] that will bring cost way down and provide far better care.” Introducing from the gallery another guest, a young woman who at 15 months had contracted “a rare and serious illness,” whose father “founded a company to look for a cure, and helped develop the drug that saved Megan’s life.” She is now 20. What is interesting is the use made of a purely human interest story—a criticism of the Food and Drug Administration for not hastening the review process in evaluating the safety of drugs: “If we slash the restraints, not just at the FDA but across our Government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles like Megan.” This of course applies to regulation in general, a persnickety federal government gumming up the works, inconsistent with—as in coal—the dismantling of government by the new forces in Washington. And in a neat quarter turn to a pressing subject on the regulatory front—the survival of public education—Trump, as in his selection of DeVos as education secretary, throws himself four-square on several alternative possibilities all on the private side of the ledger. On the offering of choice, and using blacks and Latinos as enticement for his plan, he states: “I am calling upon Members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children. These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them.” In politicizing school education—quite a menu of choices—Trump has the chutzpah of wrapping schools in a context of civil rights, perhaps calculated to resonate among liberals (to the sacrifice of public education), for as he says preceding the list: “Education is the civil rights issue of our time.” More guests are recognized, each supporting one of Trump’s talking points. One, Denisha, “failed third grade twice…. [b]ut then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning, with the help of a tax credit and scholarship program.” Then came remarks on violence, the murder rate in Chicago, and the need for cooperation with and respect for the police: “We must build bridges of cooperation and trust—not drive the wedge of disunity and division.” This is well put, although he sentimentalizes the topic bringing it into line with the tenor of his law-and-order self-created mandate: “We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement.” And to drive home the dangers out there (immigrant scare?) he states, “I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American Victims. The office is called VOICE—Victims of Immigrant Crime Engagement,” a prejudgment further enflaming the populace when it comes on board. Then, not through, he introduces four more guests from the gallery, victims, themselves or a loved one, of crime. The emphasis on crime and violence suddenly introduces him, as though related, to the virtues of a strong military. Brief and to the point: “Finally, to keep America Safe we must provide the men and women of the United States military with the tools they need to prevent war and—if they must—to fight and win. I am sending the Congress a budget that rebuilds the military, eliminates the Defense sequester [that which sets it apart], and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” There is to be more for veterans in the package: “Our veterans have delivered for this Nation—and now we must deliver for them. The challenges we face as a Nation are great. But our people are even greater. And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform.” He then uses the death of Navy SEAL Ryan Owen, his “legacy etched into history,” although there remains doubt about the efficacy of the raid, to assert: “To those allies who wonder what kind of friend America will be, look no further than the heroes who wear our uniform.” Coming from on high, already to dissuade critics of policy, here foreign policy, Trump softens—for home political consumption—his Fortress America idea, first conceding little, “Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world. It is American leadership based on vital security issues that we share with our allies across the globe.” Next, he gives, contrary to his recent record, qualified support to NATO: “We strongly support NATO…. But our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that.” Acknowledging his nationalist (from what just preceded, nationalism itself is code for the corporate-militarist paradigm) deeply-embedded viewpoint, Trump announces: “We will respect historic institutions, but we will also respect the sovereign rights of nations…. My job is not to represent the world. My job is to represent the United States of America. But we know that America is better off, when there is less conflict—not more.” Let’s leave matters at that; he does not let go of dramatizing the high ground: “Think of the marvels we can achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people.” Setting free, liberating, follow from reducing the intervention of government in the people’s lives. Why not proclaim victory, given the moral virtue of America? He outlines the factors in part composing America’s greatness: “This is our vision. This is our mission. But we can only get there together. We are one people, with one destiny. We all bleed the same blood. We all salute the same flag. And we are all made by the same God.’ Trump wants Americans to Think Big, capitalist in inspiration, a vital private sector buttressed by taking regulation off the table, venerating and appreciating the contribution being made for all of us by successful men of business, and possessing armed might second to none. I see fascism in the spirit and substance of the harmonious relations between capitalism and the state, found in earlier administrations going back, but now reaching a tipping point to seemingly irreversible structural-ideological trends under Trump. Without wishing to sound cryptic, I believe being is becoming, that is, the present context of power is rapidly progressing into a new political reality, a state having the makings of authoritarianism, which foretells the future—its petrification—of democracy. The military neatly tucked into more pacific concerns, I have sought to point out some of the contradictions in Trump’s speech. Join the debate on Facebook Norman Pollack Ph.D. Harvard, Guggenheim Fellow, early writings on American Populism as a radical movement, prof., activist.. His interests are social theory and the structural analysis of capitalism and fascism. He can be reached at pollackn@msu.edu. More articles by:Norman Pollack next - Pharma Funded “Patient” Groups Keep Drug Prices Astronomical, previous - Memos Reveal Army Corps Knows Dakota Access Pipeline Violates Legal Requirement, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year March 07, 2017 Anthony DiMaggio DeVos and the “Free Lunch” Flimflam: Orwell, Neofeudalism, and the Destruction of the Welfare State M. G. Piety How Do You Solve a Problem Like Charles Murray? Linn Washington Jr. The Stench of Jeff Sessions Lawrence Davidson Trump and the Anti-Semites Jonathan Cook Israel’s Welcome Now Reserved Only for Jews Who Back Netanyahu Sharmini Peries - Michael Hudson The New Feudalism Ed Kemmick On Talk Radio, Telling it Like it Isn’t in Big Sky Country David Swanson Can Canada Get Out of the War Business? Linn Washington Jr. The Jeff Sessions Stench John Eskow On the Pornography of Internet Comments: the Don Cheadle and the “Butthurt” “Libtards” Bill Quigley How to Reverse Incarceration in Louisiana: Thirteen Steps to Stop Being First in Being Last Colin Todhunter Sweat Shops, GMOs and Neoliberal Fundamentalism: The Agroecological Alternative to Global Capitalism Stansfield Smith The Curious Story of Kim Jong Nam’s Death Clancy Sigal ICE Unbound March 06, 2017 Richard D. Wolff Trump and Saving Capitalism Cindy Folkers Fukushima Catastrophe at 6: Normalizing Radiation Exposure Demeans Women and Kids and Risks Their Health John Steppling Are You Now, or Have You Ever Been, a Secret Agent of Vladimir Putin? John Wight In Defense of Multiculturalism Martha Rosenberg Pharma Funded “Patient” Groups Keep Drug Prices Astronomical Norman Pollack Descent into Fascism: Corporate-Militarist Paradigm Michael J. Sainato Memos Reveal Army Corps Knows Dakota Access Pipeline Violates Legal Requirement Binoy Kampmark Electoral Interference as Reality: a Brief History Ron Jacobs Islam: A Conversation on Paper Robert Fisk Who Could Ever Feel Pride in the Balfour Declaration? Andre Vltchek Turkey and Syria: Blood, Tears and Walls Christopher Ketcham On Getting Lost: a Premonition of Hope in the Catskills Tom Clifford China Gears Up for a Time of Profound Changes Luke O'Brien England: the Banana Monarchy Nyla Ali Khan The Power of Rhetoric and Reviving Democracy Weekend Edition March 03, 2017 Friday - Sunday Jeffrey St. Clair Fools on the Hill: Trump and Congress Paul Street Notes on Empire and Spiritual Death: a Recent Episode Ken Levy Our Nietzschean Struggle Vijay Prashad Trump’s Game of Thrones Hiroyuki Hamada How Much Does It Cost to Tell a Lie That Big? David Green Progressive and Neoliberal Evasions in the Era of Trump: What the Inequality Data Show Ron Jacobs Empire in Crisis: “I Did Not Have a Meeting With That Envoy!” Richard Hardigan Israeli Killer Receives More Lenient Punishment Than Palestinian Stone Throwers David N. Gibbs “Most of the World is Just Collapsing in Laughter” on Claims that Russia Intervened in the US Election: An Interview with Noam Chomsky Matthew Stevenson Obama’s Book Deal: the $60 Million Selfie Andrew Levine If Trump Knew What Was Good for Him, He Would Leave Immigrants Alone and “Expedite” His Own Removal   John K. White President Mudslinger: a Strategy of Dirt David Swanson Has Van Jones Lost His Mind, Or Are Sane People Missing the Point? Dave Lindorff Democratic Leaders are a Craven Bunch of Idiots Bent on Self-Destruction Yoav Litvin The Age of Schoolyard Politics – Trauma, Individualism and the Hope in Collaboration Sharmini Peries - Michael Hudson The Myth of Tax Rates: How the Rich Get Richer CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Switching to Chromebook: 8 Apps to Replace Your Desktop Favorites Linux Switching to Chromebook: 8 Apps to Replace Your Desktop Favorites Joel Lee The Trello Killer: Morph Your Kanban Board Into a To-Do List and Calendar With Zenkit Productivity Internet The Trello Killer: Morph Your Kanban Board Into a To-Do List and Calendar With Zenkit Mihir Patkar Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Get a Free Chromecast Right Now With This Google Home Offer Entertainment Smart Home Get a Free Chromecast Right Now With This Google Home Offer Nancy Messieh March 6, 2017 06-03-2017 1 minute Get a Free Chromecast Right Now With This Google Home Offer Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email If you’ve been on the fence about getting a Google Home, the company has an interesting promotion that might entice you to finally pull the trigger: depending on where you buy your Google Home, you could get a free Chromecast or Chromecast alongside it. So how does it work? When you purchase your Google Home directly from Google, or from Best Buy, Walmart, B&H, or Target, you can add either a Chromecast or Chromecast Audio to your cart and you’ll get the $35 device for free. The Google Home itself costs $129. This offer expires on March 18 while devices last, so you still have time but you’ll want to make a decision sooner rather than later while you still can. If you’re trying to decide between a Chromecast or Chromecast Audio, know that some of the basic features of the Chromecast Audio can be replicated 7 Things You Didn't Know You Could Do With a Chromecast 7 Things You Didn't Know You Could Do With a Chromecast You have finally taken the plunge and bought yourself a shiny new Chromecast, but what happens next? Here are seven things you didn't know you could do with one of Google's dongles... Read More , albeit not identically, on the Chromecast. Google is trying to encourage users to take advantage of the devices ability to talk to each other. You can use voice commands on the Google Home to play YouTube videos, Netflix movies, and view Google Photos on your Chromecast-enabled TV. You can also play music on your Chromecast audio using voice commands to the Google Home. What do you think? Is the deal worth getting the $129 Google Home? Let us know in the comments.  Previous PostEnter Our Giveaway for Your Chance to Win the Ultimate Entertainment CenterNext Post5 Smart TV Lies You Have Fallen For 5 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Nancy Messieh 664 articles Nancy is a writer, photographer and editor, living in the DC area with her husband, their greyhound Ella, and Italian greyhound Oliver. Follow here on her personal blog , on Twitter , Pinterest, and Instagram Advertisement Latest Giveaways RAVPower 27000mAh Portable Charger Review (& Giveaway) RAVPower 27000mAh Portable Charger Review (& Giveaway) UHANS U300 Review and Giveaway UHANS U300 Review and Giveaway Google Home Review and Giveaway Google Home Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: EPA•Social Media•COLA•Workforce•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » AP FACT CHECK: Trump… AP FACT CHECK: Trump takes credit where it’s not deserved By CALVIN WOODWARD and JIM DRINKARD and The Associated Press March 6, 2017 3:38 am 10 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over from the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: Federal employee bill tracker: How pending legislation could affect your bottom line —Big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. Advertisement —Corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. —An infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. —A tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. —A $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. —His plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” ___ TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” ___ TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. EDITOR’S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures Topics: All News Business News Defense Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » AP FACT CHECK: Trump… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1902: Permanent U.S. Census Bureau established Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day Boiling snow during winter exercises Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Recommended EPA leaders, advocates urge Trump administration to reconsider cuts to budget and workforce Top Story What does a 10 percent budget cut look like for your agency? Management Army seeks help to guard against fake social media accounts Reporter's Notebook DHS finalizing best practices for notifying victims of major cyber breaches Cybersecurity Congress keeping watchful eye over DoD’s electronic health record roll out Defense THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 06, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6779 -0.0069 1.39% L 2020 25.1021 -0.0247 2.42% L 2030 27.8223 -0.0452 3.47% L 2040 29.8837 -0.0585 3.99% L 2050 17.0998 -0.0389 4.47% G Fund 15.2513 0.0030 0.38% F Fund 17.5012 0.0043 0.94% C Fund 32.8805 -0.1070 5.95% S Fund 42.8320 -0.2707 4.66% I Fund 25.7624 0.0033 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. U.S.   |  Subscribe Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND RADIO Top 12 brands in your home that facilitate porn, sex trafficking 'Dirty dozen' list names worst offenders that traffic in obscenity Published: 1 day ago Greg Corombos About | Email | Archive Greg Corombos is news director for Radio America. Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Social media, premium and cable television, and educational resources are among the worst corporations to profit from and facilitate sexual exploitation, according to the National Center on Sexual Exploitation. The “Dirty Dozen List” is a project of the National Center on Sexual Exploitation. Communications Director Haley Halverson told WND and Radio America the list is designed to highlight the worst offenders in several different venues. “We’re targeting 12 mainstream corporations or organizations that we invite into our home, and that we think of as a reputable brand, that are facilitating pornography, prostitution or sex trafficking,” Halverson said. Get the hottest, most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND’s Email News Alerts! The “Dirty Dozen List” has a page of information for each entity so concerned citizens can reach out and urge the companies to change course. The Top 12 include the following brands, companies and organizations: Amazon Comcast Roku YouTube Twitter Snapchat HBO Backpage.com Cosmopolitan Magazine American Library Association Amnesty International Ebsco “We don’t typically advocate for boycotts since that’s often not that effective. But we have created several different ways you can reach out and email the executives at these companies, and it’s been tremendously expensive,” said Halverson, noting public pressure works well. What do YOU think? Would you boycott your favorites brands for facilitating porn? Sound off in the WND Poll! “We’ve changed policies at Google, the Department of Defense, at Walmart and Hilton Worldwide,” she said. “The Hilton Worldwide hotel company used to sell on-demand pornography. For an example, when they contacted us to say that they would stop selling this contact, they told us they were receiving a thousand emails a week from our supporters.” Listen to the WND/Radio America interview with Haley Halverson:  The list includes social media giants Twitter, YouTube and Snapchat. Halverson said Snapchat’s entire history is clogged with trafficking in obscenity. “Snapchat is frequently used for sexting. With its new addition of Snapcash, Snapchat is actually monetizing a lot of sexting, some child pornography and also prostitution,” she said. “That’s something that Snapchat could easily fix or at least clean up by allowing users to age-gate some sexually graphic content that in their ‘Discover Stories’ section,” Halverson explained. “Snapchat has actually been sued by a 14-year-old who was exposed to some graphic material in their stories section, which users can’t opt out of. They have to see what these images are.” YouTube has volumes of explicit material available, and Halverson said that site and Twitter do a terrible job of enforcing policies against such content. “They’ll have a policy against something like pornography or prostitution, but then they won’t do anything to enforce it,” she said. “It’s time that we just stand up and say, ‘It’s your platform, and if you’re going to have this policy, you need to do your best to actually create a safe and friendly user environment.” Comcast makes the “Dirty Dozen List” while Verizon does not. Halverson said Verizon is taking steps to force users to access explicit programs rather than listing it where every family member can see it. She says Comcast is doing just the opposite. “Not only do they sell this on-demand pornography, but they’ve actually written us a letter defending the pornography on there that has very violent, incest and racist themes, saying it’s all part of their consumer choice,” Halverson said. Get the hottest, most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND’s Email News Alerts! HBO is also cited. Halverson said the premium cable outlet is guilty of “mainstreaming” pornography in popular television programs such as “Game of Thrones” and “Westworld.” Other violators in this category include Roku, Amazon, Backpage and Cosmopolitan magazine. The list also takes aim at educational institutions that insist on making explicit material available to users of any age, specifically the American Library Association, or ALA, and Ebsco. The ALA consistently says it refuses to allow Internet filters because of its commitment to the First Amendment. As WND recently reported, Ebsco specifically caters to kids. “They’re an online resource to public and private school and some libraries,” Halverson said. “They’re basically a big database that kids can go in and find some academic resources for their papers.” However, she said they end up finding a lot more. “You can go in there and search something as innocent as seventh-grade biology, and there will be links to hard-core pornography websites. There will be articles advising kids to try public, violent and anal sex and on how to convince your girlfriend to do that,” said Halverson, who notes that elementary school kids use the resource as well. Halverson also pushes back against the argument that the First Amendment is an adequate defense for allowing kids to see such content. “The First Amendment does not protect obscenity, which is most hard-core pornography,” Halverson said. “That has been upheld by the Supreme Court several times. Secondly, the Supreme Court rules against the ALA in a case, saying that it is OK within the First Amendment to filter out sexually graphic material in order to create a safe environment for children to learn.” One asset in the fight against the proliferation of obscene materials is a Justice Department willing to enforce existing laws. Halverson said the DOJ almost made the list due its inaction. “The last administration did not enforce this law,” she said. “They’re on the watch list now because it’s still early. We’re waiting to see what the DOJ will do moving forward.” Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Related Stories 'Hardcore porn' found at online library for schools Lawmakers plan to block computer porn Women commit suicide over horrific 'cyber rape' trend WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah The real Russian scandal needing investigation ARTICLE V CONVENTION Rita Dunaway Why are conservatives in bed with lefties? RACE IN AMERICA Mychal Massie Rebutting the reparationists THE DEEP STATE Patrick J. Buchanan The Beltway conspiracy to break Trump ANTI-SEMITISM Dennis Prager Why do U.S. Jews want so many Jew haters in America? More Commentary » Deal of the Day 'How-to' manual on stopping radical Islam in U.S. – $4.95 today only! Pam Geller's book reveals proven strategies to halt Shariah and jihad in America Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Search About Us Advertise Connect with Us facebook Menu News Weather People Celebrations Best of Hoover 2017 Nominations Schools Elementary/Intermediate Schools Middle Schools High Schools Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants 2015 Women of Hoover 2016 Women of Hoover Women in Business 2017 Opinion Mayor's Minute Kari Kampakis Rick Watson Editor's Perspective Events Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather Home News Hoover council approves $151 million budget for 2017 after a few changes Hoover council approves $151 million budget for 2017 after a few changes by Jon Anderson March 6, 2017 10:01 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print The Hoover City Council tonight approved a $151.3 million budget for fiscal 2017 after making eight changes recommended by the mayor and council. Most of the night’s budget discussions centered on cuts in overtime, the salary of Municipal Judge Brad Bishop and the mayor’s recommendation to hire a public relations company to develop a marketing and social media strategy for the city. Councilman John Lyda asked numerous questions about the recommendation to cut overtime costs, particularly in the Police Department. He said there were significant cuts in overtime for “real hours worked by real employees.” He asked if department heads were informed about the change in money budgeted for overtime and had a chance to explain their overtime expenses. Hoover Executive Director Allan Rice said that, due to time constraints in getting a budget developed following the election of a new mayor, not all department heads were given that opportunity. However, in initial discussions, they were given a chance to outline their budget priorities, Rice said. Rice said department heads would have discretion about how best to cut overtime within their departments and people shouldn’t have to worry about the city not providing officers to work school events. Mayor Frank Brocato said at the council’s work session on March 2 the city’s not going to come this far in its relationship with the school system only to pull funding for school resource officers. Councilman Curt Posey said that when he thinks about police overtime, he thinks about managing traffic around the Riverchase Galleria during peak shopping periods. “We’ve been doing this a long time and we have a pretty good idea what it costs,” he said. Rice said there are known overtime costs and unknown costs, and the city has to plan for both. When people putting together the budget eventually asked for an explanation of overtime costs, they were told there was no system for tracking it, Rice said. They have since learned from others that there are ways to track overtime; they just haven’t received those reports yet, he said. It could be later determined that more money is needed for overtime, but “it’s not an open checkbook for any department in the city,” Rice said. “It is a managed process. We’ll meet the needs, but we have to be prudent in how we do it.” Brocato’s budget hopes to cut total overtime expenses for the city from $2.7 million in 2016 to $2.2 million in 2017. Judge's salary debate Brocato’s initial budget recommendation two weeks ago included an increase in salary for the municipal judge from $80,000 to $100,000. Today, after some council members questioned the increase, he presented an amended budget that left the amount at $80,000. Councilman John Lyda suggested a compromise amount of $88,000 a year. Councilman John Greene said Bishop does a fantastic job as municipal judge, but he already is paid more than any municipal judge in the state. He doesn’t consider a pay increase to be an appropriate use of taxpayer dollars, Greene said. Councilman Mike Shaw said that, based on the number of hours Bishop works for Hoover, his pay is less than the pay of judges in cities of comparable or even smaller size. Based on that along with his length of service to the city and the high regard residents have for him, he favored the compromise amount. Court Director Susan Fuqua estimated Bishop works 25-26 hours per week. The council took a separate vote on the judge’s salary and approved the $88,000 amount of a 6-1 vote, with Greene voting against. Public relations firm Lyda also asked why the city needed a marketing and social media consultant. The mayor recommended $54,000 a year to pay The Lollar Group to help develop a marketing and social media strategy for the city and carry it out. Lyda asked if this group had a previous affiliation with the mayor, and Brocato said it was the firm he used for his election campaign. Erin Colbaugh, the city’s events coordinator, needed help with some marketing design work, and he recommended she talk with The Lollar Group and use her own judgment, he said. The group did some free work for the city, and he was impressed with it, Brocato said. Rice said some city departments have a robust presence on social media, but the city as a whole is virtually absent. Brocato said the city needs a more coordinated marketing and social media strategy to get information out to the public in the most efficient way. Rice said the city has a month-to-month relationship with The Lollar Group that can be dropped at any time. Other changes At Lyda’s recommendation, the council also pulled a contribution to Crimestoppers of Metro Alabama for further consideration. Last year, the city gave $25,000, but Brocato recommended cutting that to $10,000, Lyda said. City staff were basing that recommendation on 2013 data, but newer information obtained today shows Crimestoppers deserves $25,000, he said. The mayor recommended several other changes to his original budget, including: Removing $400,000 for construction of a drive-up/walk-up payment kiosk for Hoover Municipal Court Spending $150,000 for a comprehensive staffing review, including pay levels Paying $21,000 to buy a sewer access easement from the Riverchase Country Club Adding back $5,000 the mayor had originally removed from a contribution to the Freshwater Land Trust of Alabama, restoring the total contribution to $20,000 Spending $14,000 for annual maintenance for the full-body security scanning system at the city jail More money for Hoover schools The $151.3 million budget for fiscal 2017 doubled the amount the city is giving the Hoover Board of Education from $2.5 million to $5 million, fulfilling a campaign promise by the mayor and many councilmen. The 2017 budget is a 2.2 percent increase from the original $148 million budget approved for fiscal 2016. The mayor proposes to spend $112 million from the city’s general fund, which is a 12 percent increase from the original 2016 general fund budget of $100 million. However, 2016 general fund revenues came in more than $5 million higher than anticipated at a record $111.4 million, and the city expects to rake in $112.3 million to the general fund in 2017. The budget includes $13.3 million in capital projects, including $3.2 million for a new sidewalk on John Hawkins Parkway between U.S. 31 and the Walmart Supercenter, $3 million for road paving, $2.6 million for renovations and repairs at the Municipal Center, $951,000 to replace an analog dispatch communications system with a digital system and $550,000 for other sidewalk projects. The capital budget also includes $2.1 million for 23 vehicles, mostly replacements, including a new aerial ladder truck and hazardous materials unit for the Fire Department. About 54 percent of the $112 million general fund budget — $61 million — is set to go toward personnel. The 2017 budget includes four new positions: an economic developer, an automotive mechanic and two part-time reserve school resource officers. The four positions together would cost the city $278,476 for salaries and benefits. That also would give the city 653 full-time employees, 105 part-time employees and 39 temporary employees. Personnel expenses under the mayor’s budget would increase by about $3.6 million, including a $2.3 million increase in health care expenses and $900,000 in step pay increases. About 57 percent of the city’s personnel costs go to pay for the police and fire departments. The city’s debt service payments go up to $13.3 million in 2017, an increase of $4.3 million from 2016. That’s due to the $68 million bond issue the previous City Council approved for the new sports complex next to Hoover Metropolitan Stadium. Debt payments are expected to fall to $12.8 million in 2018 and $6.5 million in 2023. Tags overtime 2017 budget Crimestoppers of Metro Alabama City of Hoover Brad Bishop Hoover City Council The Lollar Group newsletter 1 by Jon Anderson March 6, 2017 10:01 PM View Past Issues Upcoming Events Alabama History from the Words of Alabama Authors Mar 7, 2017 - Mar 28, 2017 Vestavia Hills Civic Center 4 Week Hand Building Class with Lana Hobbs Mar 7, 2017 - Mar 28, 2017 Artists on the Bluff American Policies on Economics, Tax and Budget, and Social Welfare Mar 6, 2017 - Mar 26, 2017 Levite Jewish Community Center HOOVER SERVICE CLUB MONTHLY MEETING Mar 9, 2017 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM Hoover Country Club Snoezelen Room Open House Mar 9, 2017 5:00 PM Country Cottages Laura Story Mar 9, 2017 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM Shades Mountain Baptist Church Grammy, Billboard and Dove Award Winner Laura Story in Concert Mar 9, 2017 7:00 PM - 8:30 PM Shades Mountain Baptist Church Elections: Making Sense of It All Mar 10, 2017 1:00 PM - 2:30 PM Homewood Public Library John Pizzarelli Mar 11, 2017 8:00 PM - 10:00 PM Alys Stephens Center 6 week Pottery Wheel Class Mar 2, 2017 - Apr 6, 2017 Artists on the Bluff Submit Yours News Weather People Celebrations Best of Hoover 2017 Nominations Schools Elementary/Intermediate Schools Middle Schools High Schools Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants 2015 Women of Hoover 2016 Women of Hoover Women in Business 2017 Opinion Mayor's Minute Kari Kampakis Rick Watson Editor's Perspective Events Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards Weather About Us Advertise Hoover Sun LLC Built with Metro Publisher™  
We notice that your web browser is out-of-date. For the best experience on AXS.com please consider upgrading to one of the following: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Safari Opera [Upgraded] Internet Explorer If you are still having issues, please contact support at support@axs.com. Hello! We see your preferred language is English (United States), would you like to stay on English (United States) or switch to English (United States)? Dismiss We have made changes to our Privacy Policy. To read the updated Privacy Policy, please click here. Sign in Sign in Create an Account Headlines Music Arts & Family Sports Los Angeles , CA Travis Scott to launch Bird's Eye View tour at Santa Barbara Bowl on April 12 By: Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Mar 7, 2017 9 hours ago 9 9 16541761 6 y2017m03d07 115711 Behold Travis Scott's amazing tour poster  Instagram Fans of Travis Scott can expect a Bird’s Eye View of the singer and rapper on his upcoming tour. On Monday, Scott announced what he called “Pt.1” of the Bird’s Eye View tour in support of his chart-topping album Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight. The 25-city tour kicks off on April 12 with a performance at the Santa Barbara Bowl, before Scott heads further south along the California coast for the two weekends of Coachella. The tour picks up again on April 27 with a show in Wallingford, CT before wrapping up with a performance at Bonnaroo on June 11. Check out the full list of his upcoming dates below. Scott came into his own both creatively and commercially on his sophomore studio album. Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight debuted atop the Billboard 200 Album Chart upon its release last September and the album featured collaborations with some of the biggest names in hip-hop and R&B, including Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd and Andre 3000. Tickets for the Bird’s Eye View tour go on sale this Friday, March 10, but fans can access advance tickets to select dates by using the presale code Scott helpfully tweeted out. Get your tickets to the Santa Barbara Bowl tour launch by clicking here and keep it on AXS.com for more on Scott’s big summer tour. Travis Scott - Bird’s Eye View Tour Wed. April 12 - Santa Barbara, CA - Santa Barbara Bowl (Click here for tickets) Fri. April 14 - Indio, CA - Coachella Fri. April 21 - Indio, CA - Coachella Thurs. April 27 - Wallingford, CT - Oakdale Sun. Apr 30 - New York City, NY - Terminal 5 (Click here for tickets) Tue. May 2 - Pittsburgh, PA - Stage AE Wed. May 4 - Portsmouth, VA - Portsmouth Pavillion Fri. May 5  - Charlotte, NC - Metro Credit Union Amphitheatre Sat. May 6 - St. Augustine, FL - St. Augustine Amphitheatre Sun. May 7 - Miami, FL - Rolling Loud Festival Thurs. May 11 – Houston, TX - Revention Music Center Fri. May 12 – Oklahoma City, OK - The Criterion Sat. May 13 – Rogers, AR - Walmart Amphitheatre Mon. May 15 – Kansas City, MO - Uptown Theatre Wed. May 17 - St. Louis, MO - The Pageant Thurs. May 18 - Milwaukee, WI - Eagles Ballroom Fri. May 19 – Grand Rapids, MI - 20 Monroe Live Sun. May 21 – Cleveland, OH - Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica Wed. May 24 – Indianapolis, IN - Farm Bureau Lawn at White River State Park Thurs. May 25 – Cincinnati, OH - PNC Pavilion at Riverbed Music Center Sat. May 27 - Des Moines, IA - 7 Flags Sun. May 28 - St. Paul, MN - Soundset Festival Wed. May 31 - Salt Lake City, UT - The Complex Thurs. June 1 - Boise, ID - Revolution Concert House and Event Center Fri. June 2 - Eugene, OR - Cuthbert Amphitheatre Sun. June 11 - Manchester, TN - Bonnaroo By: Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Mar 7, 2017 Added 9 hours ago Sponsor Share This: In this article Topics: hip hop Travis Scott Santa Barbara Bowl tour announcement Artists: Travis Scott Venues: Santa Barbara Bowl Featured Event Sponsor Related Events Share This Article Travis Scott to launch Bird's Eye View tour at Santa Barbara Bowl on April 12 By: Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Mar 7, 2017 9 hours ago From: Send to: Add a personal message: Send Privacy Policy Share this article Travis Scott to launch Bird's Eye View tour at Santa Barbara Bowl on April 12 By: Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Mar 7, 2017 9 hours ago Email Sent! Send another?Close Follow us on Browse by Cities Festivals Featured Events Arts & Family Music Sports AXS Corporate About AEG Careers at AXS Arenas Convention Centers Entertainment Districts Stadiums Theaters/Clubs Advertise Sell with AXS AXS.com Info Features Contact Us Cookies Feedback Help Refund Policy Shipping Policy Tickets by Phone RSS Language Hey! (United States) Hello! (United Kingdom) Hallå! (Sverige) AXS is Proudly Partnered with Purchase Agreement Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2011-2016 AXS. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy The AXS Cookie Policy This website, like most others, uses cookies in order to give you a great online experience. By continuing to use our website you accept to our use of cookies. Alternatively, you can find out more about cookies and how to change your cookie preferences. Continue and Accept Welcome! Los Angeles , CA Sign in / Sign Up HEADLINES headlines Latest On AXS Music Sports Arts & Family Music Comedy AXS Buzz Rock pop concerts Justin Bieber Denver National Los Angeles new york Las Vegas Adele Dallas Just Announced MUSIC Music Categories View All Music Alternative / Punk Christian Classical Country Dance / Electronic Festivals Folk / Acoustic Hard Rock / Metal Hip Hop / Rap Indie / Emo International Jazz / Blues Latin Other Pop R&B Reggae Rock SPORTS Sports Categories View All Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Competitions Cycling Extreme Sports Festivals Football Hockey Mixed Martial Arts Motorsports Other Sports Rugby Soccer Tennis WWE / WWF ARTS & FAMILY Arts & Family Categories View All Arts & Family Circus Comedy Expo/Convention Fairs and Festivals Family Events Lectures and Seminars Museums and Exhibits Opera Other Theater More More Browse by Cities Festivals Featured Events Arts & Family Music Sports AXS Corporate About AEG Careers at AXS Arenas Convention Centers Entertainment Districts Stadiums Theaters/Clubs Advertise Sell with AXS AXS.com Info Features Contact Us Cookies Feedback Help Privacy Policy Purchase Agreement Refund Policy Shipping Policy Terms of Use Tickets by Phone RSS Language Hey! (United States) Hello! (United Kingdom) Hallå! (Sverige) AXS is Proudly Partnered with © 2011-2016 AXS. All rights reserved. Help Follow us on Welcome, please create an account. Save your billing info and buy tickets faster. View your purchase history. Sign up with AXS.com with your Facebook account Sign up with Facebook By signing up with your Facebook account, you'll get the most personalized event recommendations possible. Don't worry, it's secure and we'll never post anything without your approval or Have an account? Sign in Create an AXS.com account Enter your first name: Enter your last name: Enter your Zip/Postal code: Enter your email Address: Confirm your email Address: Enter your password: Confirm your password: By checking this box, you consent to receive personalized marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive. Next By clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions. By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive. Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event. Privacy Policy Welcome back, please sign in. Sign in to AXS.com with your Facebook account Sign in with Facebook By signing in with your Facebook account, you'll get the most personalized event recommendations possible. Don't worry, it's secure and we'll never post anything without your approval or Sign in with an AXS.com account. Enter your email Enter your password Forgot your password? New to AXS? Create an account Remember me for the next 30 days Sign in Privacy Policy Sign up for our weekly event guide email. Be the first to know. Get personalized event announcements, updates, and reviews every week with the AXS.com event guide email. Send Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up for the event guide! Welcome, please create an account. Have an account? Sign in Create an AXS.com account E-mail address is required to create an account. Next By clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions. Privacy Policy Close Search Search Results Search History Clear History Yes, clear my search history. Cancel Search History Clear History Yes, clear my search history. Cancel You haven't searched for anything yet. Go on, get out there! There are no suggested results at this time. Please try again. Close Change Location Search Results Change your location Change your location by entering a City, Zip or Postal Code There are no suggested results at this time. Please try again. Close Music Categories View All Alternative / Punk Christian Classical Country Dance / Electronic Festivals Folk / Acoustic Hard Rock / Metal Hip Hop / Rap Indie / Emo International Jazz / Blues Latin Other Pop R&B Reggae Rock View All Music Headlines View More NEW! The complete guide to L Festival 2017 By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Chris Hardwick announces ID10T Music Festival & Comic Conival By Sari Cohen AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! National guide to St. Patrick's Day 2017 By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 11 hours ago NEW! Frank Sinatra TV shows with Elvis, others to be reissued By Steve Marinucci AXS Contributor 15 hours ago New York Metro Fest keeps Beatles fans busy By Steve Marinucci AXS Contributor 1 day ago Wink Martindale & Tom Brown discuss inaugural Nashville Elvis Festival By James Wood AXS Contributor 2 days ago Previously unseen Paul McCartney 'Flowers in the Dirt' photos from video shoot released for first time By Steve Marinucci AXS Contributor 2 days ago Live Review: Molly Burch celebrates her debut release with concert at Brooklyn’s Union Pool By Tom Shackleford AXS Contributor 2 days ago Tributes to Led Zeppelin and The Beatles highlight New Season of AXS TV's 'The World's Greatest Tribute Bands' By James Wood AXS Contributor 3 days ago SoMo to reveal 'The Answers' on new album and tour By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor 3 days ago Wavves announce 'You're Welcome' and spring tour By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor 4 days ago Cold War Kids release video for new song 'Can We Hang On?' By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor 4 days ago Sheryl Crow announces new album 'Be Myself' & headlining tour dates for 2017 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor 4 days ago Cage the Elephant announce dates for Live & Peeled: The Acoustic Tour By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor 4 days ago Interview: AXS TV's Evan Haiman discusses New Season of 'Rock & Roll Road Trip With Sammy Hagar Presented by Mercury Insurance' By James Wood AXS Contributor 4 days ago Nine Inch Nails are sending out packages with black powder to fans By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 4 days ago Watch Jimmy Fallon have a dance battle with Jennifer Lopez on 'The Tonight Show' By Tom Shackleford AXS Contributor 4 days ago Interview with Scott Kettner of Nation Beat By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor 5 days ago Dave Mustaine shares details on Megadeth's Boot Camp fan experience By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 5 days ago Interview: Brantley Gilbert talks touring, songwriting and 'The Devil Don't Sleep' By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor 5 days ago View More Close Sports Categories View All Baseball Basketball Boxing Competitions Cycling Extreme Sports Festivals Football Hockey Mixed Martial Arts Motorsports Other Sports Rugby Soccer Tennis WWE / WWF View All Sports Headlines View More Keith Berry to compete in Bellator MMA cage for first time in over two years By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 14, 2016 Examining WWE's hottest feuds heading into 2017 By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Two-division WSOF champ David Branch fuels up on bunny meat By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Valerie Letourneau becomes first female in UFC to compete in three different divisions By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Bellator's biggest female star goes bar-hopping in a bunny onesie By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 PGA star Bubba Watson talks Riviera win, Golf Boys reunion ahead of 2017 Genesis Open By Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Dec 9, 2016 8 NFL players that played for both sides of the Raiders-Chiefs rivalry By Sam McPherson AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 New York Mets: Farm system bolstered by addition of manager Luis Rojas By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Should New York Mets explore trade for David Robertson? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Zack Wheeler could factor into New York Mets' bullpen equation By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Who's next for UFC strawweight star 'Rowdy' Bec Rawlings? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 WWE Roadblock preview: Iron Man match highlights stacked fight card By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 MMA Hour producer makes brilliant Conor McGregor analogy By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 WWE TLC 2016: Time for Alexa Bliss to taste championship gold By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 UFC Fight Night 102: JJ Aldrich to make official promotional debut By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 UFC Albany preview: Derrick Lewis gets long-awaited main event opportunity By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Dexter Fowler is a free agent worth pursuing By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Trading Jay Bruce should be a top priority By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Should fans be worried about Asdrubal Cabrera playing in the World Baseball Classic? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 3, 2016 Kedzie, Smith want more diverse representation on MMA Athletes Association Board By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 2, 2016 View More Close Arts & Family Categories View All Circus Comedy Expo/Convention Fairs and Festivals Family Events Lectures and Seminars Museums and Exhibits Opera Other Theater View All Arts & Family Headlines View More Guide to The Village at Pico Rivera Sports Arena for L Festival By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 1 week ago Interview: Artist Spar Street brings his celebrated work to Colorado By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor 3 weeks ago Interview with Art Dealer and Adviser Ann Priftis, representative of both visual and performing artists By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Dec 31, 2016 Interview: Artist Jonathan Brown brings new life to Madison landmark By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Nov 10, 2016 Björk premieres a new VR music video 'Family' By Allen Foster AXS Contributor Oct 25, 2016 Brooklyn's 440 Gallery prepares to host a 'Small Works' exhibit, live music, poetry and theater By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 19, 2016 Sculptor Michael Poast unveils new work 'Baroque Trajectory' in Ohio By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 16, 2016 Artist Bernard Rangel exhibits at the Salon of the Art Shopping in Paris at the Carrousel du Louvre By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 16, 2016 The Drawing Room presents 'Syncretized' art show By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 3, 2016 Emmanuel Fremin Gallery presents artist Hung Yi's ‘Fancy Animal Carnival' By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 30, 2016 Artist Marian Osher presents 'Fearless Flying in 2016!' exhibition starting September 12, 2016 By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 27, 2016 Artist Anne Stanner announces two upcoming shows in New York By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 26, 2016 Gateway Art Center presents 'United Nations of ART' By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 19, 2016 Rachel Tribble inspires universal peace through meditative art By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Aug 8, 2016 Artist Stephanie S. Lee presents 'Back to Circle' solo show By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 1, 2016 Blu Smith and his illuminating abstract series By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Jul 15, 2016 Sotheby's to exhibit, auction David Bowie's art collection By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor Jul 14, 2016 Music and art make a beautiful couple By Jeremy Meyer Jul 11, 2016 Outdoor art events you need to see in Chicago this summer By Megan Horst Hatch AXS Contributor May 31, 2016 Artist Sue Paterson in Los Angeles for U.S. debut, 'Bursting into Life' By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor May 23, 2016 View More Close Headlines Categories Music Comedy AXS Buzz Rock pop concerts Justin Bieber Denver National Los Angeles new york Las Vegas Adele Dallas Just Announced Latest On AXS View More NEW! Photos: Tesla's 30th anniversary celebration a 'hits' with San Antonio fans By Jay Nanda AXS Contributor 6 hours ago NEW! Interview: Mother Mother talk new album, darkness and light By Lindsey Borders AXS Contributor 6 hours ago NEW! Best free family St. Patricks Day events in Minneapolis and St. Paul 2017 By Janelle Sheetz AXS Contributor 6 hours ago NEW! The Internet coming to the Fonda Theater in LA March 19 and 20 By Melanie Moccia AXS Contributor 6 hours ago NEW! Chance The Rapper donating $1 million to Chicago public schools By Nate Todd AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! Review: Deorro brought the funky bass to Los Angeles for a sold out show By Melanie Moccia AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! Girlpool announce spring North American tour By Mario McKellop AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! alt-J announces summer North American tour, new album By Mario McKellop AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! 5 things you didn't know about Allah-Las By Nate Todd AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Poulsbo's Jewel Box Theatre joins South Sound family with 'The Crossing' opening March 17 By Kim Hastings AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Complete guide to the 2017 Pac-12 Men’s Basketball Tournament By Sam McPherson AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Jimmy Buffett is opening Margaritaville retirement communities By Tom Shackleford AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Best free family St. Patricks Day events in Louisville 2017 By Janelle Sheetz AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Toto announces 2017 summer tour of North America By Robert Rheubottom AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! Car Seat Headrest to tour North America this spring By Mario McKellop AXS Contributor 8 hours ago NEW! The complete guide to L Festival 2017 By Oscar Rangel AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! Travis Scott to launch Bird's Eye View tour at Santa Barbara Bowl on April 12 By Mark Schiff AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! Chicago Bears five best free agent signings since 2010 By Joe Gunther AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! Prince's former band The Revolution expand spring reunion tour into summer By Mario McKellop AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! St. Patrick’s Day shows and concerts in New Jersey 2017 By Shawn S. Lealos AXS Contributor 9 hours ago View More
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Music * Entertainment * Video * More Tags... Industry News * Entertainment * More Industries... News By Place * New York City   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 YouTube Videos: Beethoven Interview & Tantrum Meme From The Great Kat-Fastest Guitar/Violin Shredder From Upcoming New DVD! Watch outrageous ranting from The Great Kat, Reincarnation of Beethoven, world's fastest guitar/violin shredder and "Top 10 Fastest Shredders of All Time" (Guitar One mag)     YouTube Videos: Beethoven Interview & Tantrum Meme From The Great Kat   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Music • Entertainment • Video Industry: • Entertainment Location: • New York City - New York - USNEW YORK - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- VIDEO: "BEETHOVEN INTERVIEW" with the WORLD'S FASTEST GUITAR/VIOLIN SHREDDER, THE GREAT KAT! On YouTube: https://youtu.be/gOLQybkFlfc VIDEO: THE GREAT KAT "KICK DOWN THE DOOR!" TANTRUM MEME!! On YouTube: https://youtu.be/GGHUXz2Vmcg From Upcoming New DVD! WATCH OUTRAGEOUS RANTING from The Great Kat, REINCARNATION of BEETHOVEN, WORLD'S FASTEST GUITAR/VIOLIN SHREDDER and "TOP 10 FASTEST SHREDDERS OF ALL TIME" (Guitar One Mag), claiming that BEETHOVEN was the FIRST METALHEAD! Features KAT'S HIGH-SPEED Guitar AND Violin shredding music, including BEETHOVEN'S "5th SYMPHONY", "THE FLIGHT OF THE BUMBLE-BEE" and VIVALDI'S "THE FOUR SEASONS"! The Great Kat Web Site: http://www.greatkat.com PRESS/TV/RADIO: Get your FREE CD REVIEW COPY of The Great Kat's "BEETHOVEN SHREDS" CD Featuring Beethoven's "5th Symphony" & To Set up Great Kat Interviews:  contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas PR: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 or Toll Free (US & Canada Only) 800-KAT-8664 http://www.greatkat.com https://youtu.be/GGHUXz2Vmcg PHOTOS: http://www.greatkat.com/08/radio/GreatKatInterviewphone10.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/radio/greatkatdominatrixinterview44logo2.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/radio/GreatKatInterviewphone9logo2.jpg About The Great Kat: Legendary Guitar/Violin Double Virtuoso, The Great Kat http://www.greatkat.com is the world-famous Juilliard graduate Classical Violin Virtuoso/Carnegie Recital Hall Violin Soloist/Winner of "Artists International Competition". The Great Kat performed as a Prodigy Violin Soloist for NYC Mayor Ed Koch at Gracie Mansion and for Coahuila, Mexico Governor Flores Tapia at the Centennial of General Vito Alessio Robles' birth and at the famous Teatro Fernando Soler in Saltillo, Mexico and was awarded the "Certificate of Merit" from New York Governor Mario Cuomo. The Great Kat is now the world's fastest Shred Guitar Virtuoso/"TOP 10 FASTEST SHREDDERS OF ALL TIME" (Guitar One Magazine)/ "FAMOUS JUILLIARD SCHOOL ALUMNI" (Ranker.com)/Reincarnation of Beethoven and the ONLY Guitar-Violin Double Virtuoso since Niccolo Paganini. Timothy Leary, cultural icon collaborated with The Great Kat Violin Virtuoso on the rock song "Right Brain Lover". Retailing giant Tesco is now featuring The Great Kat's virtuoso Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" music in the TV commercial for the popular Activision video game "Call of Duty: Ghosts" http://youtu.be/6tW_ik2J000 . Warner Music Group has just released The Great Kat's legendary "Worship Me Or Die!" and "Beethoven On Speed" Speed Metal Albums as digital downloads on iTunes and more: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 ."Beethoven On Speed" and "Beethoven Shreds" are now featured in "America's Beethoven" Exhibit at the "American Beethoven Society". MVD Entertainment Group is distributing The Great Kat's Albums & Music Videos worldwide http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006. The Great Kat's CDs,DVDs & Downloads are available at Walmart, Amazon, Target, iTunes, Barnes and Noble and more stores worldwide. BBC Radio's "The Arts Hour" features The Great Kat Shredding Beethoven's "5th Symphony" and Interview from "Fast And Furioso" Show (heard on BBC Radio 4). More info: http://www.greatkat.com. Contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas Public Relations, Inc: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 http://www.greatkat.com Links: The Great Kat Website: http://www.greatkat.com iTunes Music: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/great-kat/id384709526 iTunes Video: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/the-great-kat/id368743108 Walmart: https://www.walmart.com/search/?query=%22the%20great%20kat%22 Twitter: http://twitter.com/greatkatguitar and https://twitter.com/greatkatviolin Vimeo: https://vimeo.com/thegreatkat YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/KthomasPR Instagram: http://instagram.com/greatkatguitar Ringtones: http://www.greatkat.com/ringtones/greatkatringtones.html Warner Music: Great Kat's Legendary "WORSHIP ME OR DIE!" & "BEETHOVEN ON SPEED" Albums on Warner Music https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 The Great Kat Albums & Music Videos on MVD Entertainment Group: http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006 End Source : Thomas PR Email : ***@thomas-pr.com Tags : Music, Entertainment, Video Industry : Entertainment Location : New York City - New York - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Thomas Public Relations PRs Happy Birthday Rimsky-Korsakov! Celebrate with Great Kat's Guitar/Violin on Flight of the Bumble-Bee Happy 339th Birthday Vivaldi-Celebrate with Great Kat's Blistering Guitar/Violin on The Four Seasons iTunes Videos & Apple Music Premiere "Terror" New Music Video About 9/11 From The Great Kat! Happy Mardi Gras & Rossini's 225th Birthday! Celebrate with The Great Kat's Insane Music Videos! Just in Time for Mardi Gras – iTunes Videos Premieres Great Kat's Bazzini's Round of the Goblins Trending News Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine North Florida Land Trust urges legislators to do the right thing and properly fund land conservation Income& Named a Finalist in First Annual LendIt Awards One Thousand Dollar Scholarship Available CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® at Philly's Kawaii Kitty Café Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
News News Press Releases News Tips Opinion Guest Columns Submit A Column Letters to The Editor Submit a Letter Arts & Living Reviews Sports Baseball Basketball Club Sports Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Soccer Softball Tennis Volleyball XC/Track & Field Archives Current Issue Classifieds About KSUSM Advertising History 50th Anniversary Press Releases Contact Policies Join March 7th, 2017 News News Press Releases News Tips Opinion Guest Columns Submit A Column Letters to The Editor Submit a Letter Arts & Living Reviews Sports Baseball Basketball Club Sports Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Soccer Softball Tennis Volleyball XC/Track & Field Archives Current Issue Classifieds Home Opinion Opinion: The rent is still too high March 6th, 2017 Javid Ona 0 comments Kennesaw State University dorms and student apartments can continue to raise their rates knowing that students cannot legally rent cheaper housing. Photo credit: Cory Hancock Top Read FBI investigating possible breach at KSU elections center A spokeswoman for KSU said that the university cannot offer any other comment, since this is a... Mar 3rd, 2017 Campus carry bill passes Georgia House A campus carry bill passed the Georgia House of Representatives on Friday and now moves on to the... Mar 3rd, 2017 KSU sophomore killed in car crash A Kennesaw State University student was killed after being ejected from a car in an early-morning... Mar 5th, 2017 Opinion: Test grades are not an effective measurement of education Test grades are not always an accurate representation of a student’s education and are not... Mar 6th, 2017 Are you sick and tired of crazy-expensive rent? There’s a reason for that, besides the high demand for housing and cost of inputs such as utilities, housing staff, and building materials. Many students, like myself, do not commute to school and instead find accommodation in the Cobb County area. We are stuck choosing between student apartments and dorms. Even for a four-bedroom unit, monthly rent can sometimes be over $700 per room. There are some cheaper alternatives, but county regulations will not permit this. For example, four students can rent a house in a neighborhood and pay considerably less than they would in a student apartment. My friends and I looked into this and found that the four of us could each pay $400 per month for a house instead of over $600 per month for a school-affiliated apartment. According to Section 134-1 of the Cobb County ordinances, however, a single family dwelling unit like a house “consists of one or more rooms used for… two or fewer unrelated adults.” This means that no more than two people who aren’t related can live in a house together, so three or more students cannot be roommates legally. Nearly all homes fall under this ordinance, which takes the cheaper option off the market. It is simple economics. We have to choose between dorms, apartments and houses. The first two choices are very expensive, which leaves students with the option of renting a home — a substantially cheaper alternative, especially when split between three or more people. Because the county government has outlawed more than two unrelated people living in a house, students are basically forced to purchase the more expensive options. Since this ordinance exists, Kennesaw State University dorms and student apartments can continue to raise their rates, knowing that students cannot legally rent cheaper housing. You may be thinking of all the friends you know who are already living in a house with several people or other students. While some people ignore the ordinance and rent houses anyway, they run the risk of being evicted. Three years ago, 11Alive News reported that five KSU students were evicted from their “$200 a month rent” home because of this ordinance. If heavily enforced, many students would be without homes or forced to move to a more expensive apartment or dorm. If the government decided to outlaw Wal-Mart and other competitors, Target’s prices would skyrocket. The same thing occurred with the case of the Epi-Pen when the company Mylan increased the price of a two-pack from $100 in 2009 to more than $600 in 2016. The Food and Drug Administration refused to approve other competitors to put their product on the market, giving Mylan a monopoly — which resulted in the extreme price hike. Competition lowers prices, whether it concerns grocery stores, medicines or housing. Students and non-students alike should be allowed to engage in voluntary transactions when it comes to housing. The number of unrelated persons renting a house should be decided between the landlord and the tenant — not the government. Cobb County needs to understand that a freer market would provide better and cheaper options for students. This ordinance is unfair to the thousands of students who are currently being forced to pay such high prices for housing while also paying for school. "The number of unrelated persons renting a house should be decided between the landlord and the tenant — not the government." Photo credit: Paulette Juieng Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Next article KSU's Vaughn Williams named 'Under Armour Director of the Year' Previous article Men's basketball team fails to make finals Javid Ona Related Posts Opinion Opinion: Test grades are not an effective measurement of education Opinion Consensus Opinion: We stand by the press Opinion Opinion: Arming students does not make them safer About The Sentinel The Sentinel student newspaper is a registered student organization at Kennesaw State University and is currently published in five column tabloid format, weekly (Tuesdays) during the Fall and Spring semesters and twice during the Summer. The Sentinel is part of Kennesaw State Student Media (KSUSM). Weekly Timeline Mar 6th 11:07 PM Sports Lacrosse gets first win of the season Mar 6th 11:00 PM Sports Softball hits a bullseye against Dartmouth, defeats two other teams in weekend series Mar 6th 10:15 PM Sports Owls win one, drop two to Middle Tennessee in weekend series Mar 6th 10:05 PM Sports KSU’s Vaughn Williams named ‘Under Armour Director of the Year’ Mar 6th 9:46 PM Opinion Opinion: The rent is still too high Recent Discussion Cole Daniel on Opinion: Arming students does not make them safer Cole Daniel on GA lawmakers delay vote on campus carry bill Mark on GA lawmakers delay vote on campus carry bill manderso on Opinion: The Democratic Party has failed Progressive voters Kent on Opinion: The Democratic Party has failed Progressive voters News Opinion Arts & Living Sports Archives Classifieds Back to top © KSU Sentinel 2016. All rights reserved. Website by Grayson Adams
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Europe's Border Crisis Immigration Reform TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Mar 6 2017, 7:18 am ET March Is the Best Time to Buy Running Shoes, Luggage, and Frozen Food by Nicole Spector Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement The first day of spring is March 20, but spring deals are already blossoming. Bargain hunters should be on the lookout for discounts on various St. Patrick's Day stuff (think green), winter gear, running shoes, luggage, tax software, and frozen food. If that last one sounds a bit off, keep in mind that March is frozen food month. We've rounded up some of the best deals, along with some exclusive tips from retail experts. St. Patrick's Day Greens and Goods "St. Patrick's Day is on March 17, and no retailer likes to be left out of the festivities," Courtney Jespersen of NerdWallet told NBC News. "In the past, jewelry stores have slashed prices of green necklaces, and department stores have offered deals on green clothing." Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed How much Guinness do people drink on St. Patrick's Day? (Hint: a lot) 4:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/645685315561" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Amazon has created a St. Patrick's Day microsite where you can get "Prime" pricing on green apparel, accessories, and pet gear, along with lucky charms, toys, and festive foods. Amazon also has a section highlighting St. Patty's Day products under $20. Some of this assortment definitely couldn't fetch more than $20 no matter how hard a retailer tried, but there are some solid deals such as this Saint Patrick's Day Recipes book available on Kindle for just 99 cents. Irish or not, restaurants and retailers get pretty into the shamrockin' holiday, and Benjamin Glaser, features editor with DealNews, suggests that plenty have celebratory deals on the horizon. "Check out deals from Marie Callender, Einstein Bros., Friendly's, Sonic, and more in honor of St. Paddy's Day, whether it's a dollar off your purchase, a BOGO breakfast entree, or even half-off select items. IHOP and Stewart's Shops even gave discounts to anyone wearing green," said Glaser. You can also save on an especially verdant bouquet for the leprechaun love in your life. "Something you might not think of on St. Patrick's Day: Flowers," said Glaser. "Following Valentine's Day and with Mother's Day still two months off, florists are probably a little desperate to make sales. We saw 15 to 25 percent off from Teleflora and 1-800-Flowers with coupon codes last year." Early Winter Clearances and Running Shoes "Record-crushing warm winter temps sets up March for early winter clearance of top brand outerwear from stores like REI, Patagonia, Columbia, Moosejaw and others offering 'outlet-like' prices ranging from 50 to 80 percent," said Brent Shelton, online shopping expert at FatWallet. "Shoppers will find wide-spread sales on quality thermals, pullovers, coats, boots and high performance outerwear, but note that the more popular styles and sizes sell out by mid-month." Joggers wearing shorts run along Stanley Park's seawall in Vancouver, British Columbia. REUTERS/Andy Clark Shoppers will also find deals on clothing and shoes more fitting for the warmer temperatures. "Early spring shoppers can expect a savings range of 20 to 40 percent off top name-brand activewear tops, shorts, sweats and up to 50 percent off select athletic shoes (the best time of year to buy running shoes)," said Shelton. "Branded stores like Nike, Under Armour, Reebok all compete with sporting goods stores like Finishline, Footlocker, Eastbay and Dick's Sporting Goods." Shelton adds that REI, Patagonia, Moosejaw, Bass Pro Shop, and Cabela's "all have multiple spring events featuring up to 30 percent off the latest hiking, climbing, fishing and camping styles." Luggage "March is what's considered 'shoulder season' in travel terms, which is between vacation periods," said Sara Skirboll, shopping and trends expert at RetailMeNot. "As inventory continues to stock up, retailers are looking to phase out their extra luggage. That means luggage prices go on sale at this time every year, targeting spring breakers and cruisers." A passenger travels on a scooter with his luggage at Heathrow airport. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor Reuters Glaser points to deals on the Samsonite 5-Piece Nested Luggage Set, the Travelers Club Charlott 20" Hardside Carry-On, and an eBags coupon. You should also check out JCPenney, which is touting 50 percent off select luggage when you spend $40 or more; and Macy's, which has slashed prices on luggage pieces such as the Tag Matrix Lightweight Hardside Spinner Luggage, retailing for $59.99, down from as much as $280, with free shipping. Tax Software Tax software saw some mighty deals in February, but as we get nearer to April, more are popping up. At Staples, you can get up to $15 off select tax software, and also receive $35 off select Quicken titles with coupon 46059 when you purchase TurboTax. At Best Buy, save up to $15, plus get a $10 gift card when you buy a select edition of H&R Block tax software. Walmart is also slashing prices on tax software, and Office Depot is offering discounts and 20 percent off one qualifying item through March 4. If you want to know how much you owe before you buy tax software, use a calculator like NerdWallet's Federal Tax Calculator to find out. Frozen Food Month, and Other Food Holidays Every month has its food holidays, but Glaser asserts that National Frozen Food Month "isn't one of those made-up events," and cites big name participators including Green Giant, Dole, Eggo, Jimmy Dean, Pepperidge Farms, Best Yet, Bob Evans, Safeway, and Tyson. So keep an eye out for discounts from these brands and grocery stores. Jespersen suggests that consumers search for coupons throughout the month, and pay attention to "third-party aggregator sites, apps, and on social media." Brands like Easy Home Meals, Amy's Kitchen, and Gordy's Market began generating hype around the freezer aisle festivities on Twitter in February, and Pricechopper published a list of relevant coupons for the occasion, with participation from a roster of sponsors including Nestle, Breyers, and Dole. Shoppers may also want to tune into more specific national food holidays that fall in March. For instance, March 19 is National Poultry Day and March 20 is Natural Ravioli Day. To find immediate deals from brands, do a Twitter and/or Instagram hashtag search around each food holiday as the day gets nearer. Nicole Spector Topics Consumer First Published Mar 6 2017, 7:13 am ET Next Story Why Booking the Cheapest Flight Isn't Always the Best Strategy advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
skip to main content NPR News in Milwaukee Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Project Milwaukee Bubbler Talk Environment Education Precious Lives Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Menu Home News Project Milwaukee Bubbler Talk Environment Education Precious Lives Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Why Some People Live Where They Do, in Segregated Metropolitan Milwaukee By LaToya Dennis • 20 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email Affluent African-American's in Milwaukee live in neighborhoods with 40 percent poverty. JFXie, flickr Listen Listening... / 7:21 Several reasons emerge as to why people in metro Milwaukee live in either segregated or integrated neighborhoods in what is the most racially segregated metro area in the country. Sometimes people have a choice, other times they do not. And one statistic sets this area apart from all others, according to UWM researcher Marc Levine - the rate of affluent African-Americans opting to live in neighborhoods saturated with poverty. Black households earning $100,000 or greater are more likely to live in areas of concentrated poverty in metro Milwaukee. Credit Courtesy of Marc Levine “You’ve have black households with incomes of $100,000 a year and up or $200,000 a year and up living in which the overall poverty rate is 40 percent,” Levine says. Now that Levine has painted the picture, meet Clifton Phelps. “I’m one of the partners of JCP Construction and also Equity Supply Group, which is a supply company. We are three brothers that started a construction company probably around eight years ago,” Phelps says. Phelps and his brothers have their hands in a number of major commercial projects now taking shape in Milwaukee, including Northwestern Mutual, the Bucks arena, Pete’s Fruit Market and Bader Foundation’s headquarters. Phelps grew up on 2nd and Locust. He went away to college, but came back after graduation and settled on Milwaukee’s east side. Clifton Phelps says he and his wife choose to live in Milwaukee because they care about the city. Credit LaToya Dennis “I like diversity. I came from the deep east side and I loved the way the block worked. There were Halloween (parties), the neighbors knew each other, everyone was on the same page,” Phelps says. So when Phelps and his wife were looking to purchase a home five years ago, he wanted a family-friendly community for their kids – they have four. Phelps says he has found that culture on Milwaukee’ north side. The couple bought a five bedroom brick bungalow on a tree lined street in the diverse Sherman Park neighborhood. Yet Phelps admits, the surrounding areas have their problems. For example, the unrest last summer happened just a couple blocks away. “So like the riots happen and you’re like oh, should we move? And then you know like two weeks go past and nerves kind of die down and you’re like you’re okay. There was a shootout on this block by people who weren’t even from his block. Some car saw another car they didn’t like and it was a big shootout and everything was taped off. And my wife was panicked, I was panicked. And then like two weeks later I didn’t see any for sale sighs so I was like okay, we’re good,” he says. Phelps says that while it may sound bad, the reality is that people get used to crime. As for why he and his wife stay… “I think it’s the good thing to do to stay in the city of Milwaukee so that you’re not moving out and not caring about what’s going on in the city. If you work and you’re a part of the community, you want to be part of the community." While Phelps and his wife have decided to live in Milwaukee, 33-year-old Uniqueka Bailey has moved out with her three kids. Bailey is a medical assistant and says she wasn’t looking to leave – she had spent her entire life on Milwaukee’s north and northwest sides. But she had trouble securing a place to rent because of a previous eviction, so Bailey was thankful when her cousin told her about an apartment in the City of Waukesha. READ: 'Evicted' Book Paints a Heartbreaking Picture of a Milwaukee Under Stress “She talked to the landlord about getting me an apartment here. She already lived here and talked to the landlord and it was like an easy move in. I didn’t have to go through the obstacles and hurdles just to get in here,” she says. Bailey pays $650 a month for a two bedroom apartment. She says a lot of the tenants in her complex are people of color, but that’s not the same outside. “Driving around Waukesha, I don’t really see too many others people of color," she says. And Bailey says she doesn’t always feel comfortable. “When I shop out here, at something like Walmart, like if we’re walking down the aisle, they expect me to move instead of them moving to the side. Things like that. So that’s the only time it bothers me. Otherwise, they stay out of my way and I stay out of theirs." Still, Bailey plans to stay. She says she likes her neighborhood because it’s quiet and she feels safe. While the city of Waukesha offers affordable housing, other more affluent parts of Waukesha County are a different story. Kori Schneider Peragine, who works for the Metropolitan Milwaukee Fair Housing Council, says there’s a long held theory about people who fled Milwaukee decades ago. “Communities that were sort of the recipients from white flight back in the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s have more opposition to any potential diversity or affordable housing coming into their communities,” she  says. The fair housing council recently settled a discrimination complaint against Waukesha County after alleging that it is not providing enough affordable housing, thus locking out minorities. READ: Waukesha County Reaches Settlement Over Housing Discrimination Schneider Peragine says she knows through experience that “a lot of things get said behind closed doors in some of those community meetings and so you know that there’s racism or classism or some sort of -ism, some sort of nefarious thing going on. But once you get into those public meetings that language is gone. They come up with a valid reason for it when the underlying cause is much uglier." "I've noticed people who have very similar incomes and very similar credit scores are not approved for the same amount of money and are not approved with the same interest rates." Lending institutions have also limited where black people live in metro Milwaukee, according to realtor Damion Thompson. “I’ve noticed people who have very similar incomes and very similar credit scores are not approved for the same amount of money and are not approved with the same interest rates,” he says. Thompson says smaller loans mean you may not be able to purchase in certain areas, while higher interest rates mean you’d have to pay more. And he says the consequences of confining black families to lower-income neighborhoods can be long-term. “You go to a place where your property values are going to continue to escalate and I go to a place where my property values, if something bad happens, they’re cut in half, now, 20 years later, when my small children are college age, I can’t take equity out of the house and send them to school,” he says. That’s the problem with segregation, David Pate says – it creates winners and losers. Yet the UW-Milwaukee researcher says he understands why many black people remain in segregated, less-than-ideal neighborhoods that lack resources. “You need to have a space that makes you feel like okay, I’m at home and I don’t have to do anything that’s going to make me uncomfortable,” Pate says. Clifton Phelps seems content in his Sherman Park neighborhood, yet admits he and his neighbors are concerned about renters. “That house right there just got sold, we could not wait to find out who the owner was. We wanted to know is this house for sale because we would buy it from them to put a family…as a matter of fact, we were talking with some neighbors over here to see if we could bundle up the money for that house over there just so we could sell it to someone that we knew,” Phelps says.  Phelps says the goal is to maintain the neighborhood’s positive dynamic and its property values. For more on this topic, explore our Project Milwaukee: Segregation Matters series. Have a question about segregation? Submit your queries below. _ Tags:  WUWM News Project Milwaukee segregation matters TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Segregation Lines Starkly Divide Metropolitan Milwaukee By Marti Mikkelson • Mar 3, 2017 Reggie Jackson -- America's Black Holocaust Museum Milwaukee is one of the most segregated metro areas in America, according to the latest census figures. 90 percent of African-American households in the region live in Milwaukee. The numbers also point to huge economic disparities smothering African-Americans who live in the central city. How Did Metro Milwaukee Become So Segregated? By Michelle Maternowski & Joy Powers • Mar 3, 2017 UWM Libraries American Geographical Society Library “Segregation is not an accident,” according to Reggie Jackson, the head griot for American’s Black Holocaust Museum. “There’s this idea that people self-segregate, but the reality is that there’s never really been self-segregation in Milwaukee,” Jackson says. “The segregation that we have, in terms of people of color, was created by a variety of different in institutions and individuals.” Measuring Black/White Segregation in Metro Milwaukee By Michelle Maternowski • Mar 3, 2017 DUSTIN A. CABLE, UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA, WELDON COOPER CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE, REFERENCE DATA BY STAMEN DESIGN The assertion that Milwaukee is currently one of - if not the most segregated metro area in the United States is probably deserved but with some qualifications, according to UW-Milwaukee researcher Marc Levine. An extraordinary number of blacks live in the city as opposed to in Milwaukee suburbs, and in the city itself - while it is diverse, African-Americans, whites and Latinos tend to live in neighborhoods with little diversity. Meeting Milwaukee's 'Great Migrants' and Their Southern Roots By Joy Powers • Mar 3, 2017 Chris Arnade During the early to mid-1900s, the Great Migration brought millions of African-Americans from rural, southern towns to cities like Chicago, Detroit, and of course, Milwaukee. To this day, many older, black Milwaukeeans have roots in the South. Many moved here as teens and young adults, looking for work in an industrial city that overflowed with jobs at the time. Milwaukee Public Media is a service of UW-Milwaukee's College of Letters & Science © 2017 WUWM Contact Us Facebook Twitter Contest Rules
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Bird flu found in U.S. state of Tennessee Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Trouble mounts for Snapdeal Setback for Cyrus Mistry Ajay Tyagi is new SEBI chairman Jio rolls out prime membership plans D-Mart IPO to open on March 8 India's Q3 GDP growth rate at 7% Bird flu found in U.S. state of Tennessee HEALTH-BIRDFLU/USA (FACTBOX):FACTBOX-Bird flu found in U.S. state of TennesseeReuters | Mar 7, 2017, 04.36 AM IST March 6 (Reuters) - A bird flu strain was found in a chicken breeder flock on a Tennessee farm contracted to Tyson Foods Inc and 73,500 birds were killed by the disease or culled to control its spread, the government and company officials said on Sunday. It was the first confirmed case of highly pathogenic avian influenza (HPAI) in a commercial U.S. flock this year and the first-ever HPAI case for Tennessee. During an outbreak in 2014 and 2015, dozens of countries imposed total or partial bans on U.S. poultry and egg imports. The Tennessee outbreak has already prompted South Korea, Japan, Taiwan and Hong Kong to limit imports of U.S. poultry. The United States exported $4.65 billion of poultry and poultry products, including eggs, in 2016, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Following are facts about the U.S. poultry market from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), industry groups and company filings. TOP FIVE U.S. POULTRY PRODUCING STATES Georgia: 1.340 billion broiler chickens in 2015 Alabama: 1.083 billion Arkansas: 962 million North Carolina: 823 million Mississippi: 723 million Tennessee ranks 15th at 185 million U.S. total: 8.687 billion TOP 5 U.S. POULTRY AND EGG MARKETS AND THEIR IMPORT RESTRICTIONS 1. MEXICO ($1.13 billion in U.S. imports in 2016) Mexico has banned poultry imports from Tennessee, according to its agricultural ministry. Mexico still bans imports of frozen poultry and poultry products from birds originating from, slaughtered or processed in 15 states before specific dates linked to a previous outbreak of avian flu, according to the USDA. 2. CANADA ($662 million) Banned imports of raw poultry and products produced in or near affected counties in 15 states between certain dates linked to outbreaks of avian flu in past years. Also barred imports of certain processed products. 3. HONG KONG ($472 million) Banned imports of poultry meat and products from Lincoln County, Tennessee. Imports from birds raised, processed, slaughtered or shipped from some counties in 18 other states are also banned, in connection with cases of avian flu in past years. Fully cooked or heat-treated products exempt. 4. TAIWAN ($132 million) Taiwan banned imports of poultry from Tennessee, according to the USA Poultry and Egg Export Council. Imports of poultry and poultry products slaughtered or processed in states with high or low pathogenic avian influenza outbreaks are banned. 5. JAPAN ($119 million) Japan banned imports of poultry from Tennessee, according to the USA Poultry and Egg Export Council. Imports of poultry and products raised, processed, slaughtered or shipped from some areas of 21 states on certain dates linked to past cases of avian flu are banned. Fully cooked products in hermetically sealed containers exempt. TOP U.S. CHICKEN MEAT COMPANIES Tyson Foods: Capacity to process 39 million chickens per week. Major supplier to Wal-Mart Stores Inc, which represented 17.5 percent of Tyson's 2016 consolidated sales. Supplied products to 115 countries in 2016 worth $4.1 billion. Pilgrim's Pride Corp : Majority-owned by meat packer JBS SA. Capacity to process more than 36.7 million birds per week. Sanderson Farms Inc : Capacity to process more than 10.6 million birds per week. TOP POULTRY BROILER MEAT EXPORTERS 1. Brazil: 4.110 million tonnes exported in 2016 2. United States: 2.978 million tonnes 3. European Union: 1.250 million tonnes 4. Thailand: 670,000 tonnes 5. China: 395,000 tonnes (Compiled by Karl Plume and Tom Polansek in Chicago and Adriana Barrera in Mexico City; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web 8-year-old Mohit won't survive without help! Milaap 7 bollywood celebrities with royal background CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma More from The Times of India ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Strip ease in Spain! Why did Sanjay Dutt's daughter meet his ex wife? From the Web More From The Times of India Top 10 most searched Bollywood actresses on the internetCRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the WorldMediaZoma Help this 5-month-old baby girl live!Milaap 7 superhit movies you won't believe Hritik Roshan rejected!CRITICSUNION 20 richest people in the worldSocialDaft In Pics: Bollywood supports Salman Khan Pics: Here's how Sussanne Khan celebrated her birthday Neil Nitin Mukesh gets engaged to Mumbai-based Rukmini Sahay The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Why India is still not adult about adultery ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular India v Australia: Renshaw laughs off Kohli's 'toilet' sledge Why is rape-accused minister still in your cabinet?: UP Governor writes to Akhilesh Yadav Indian-origin businessman shot dead in the US Top 10 Popular Double Roles In Bollywood Ad: BOLLYWOODUNION Relief for e-comm companies, GST Council caps TCS at 1% In what would have come as a relief to e-commerce marketplaces such as Amazon and Flipkart, the proposed tax collected at source (TCS) on them under the goods and services tax (GST) is to be capped at 1 per cent, the GST Council has decided. The draft law had proposed a levy of 1 per cent without any limit. Mentioning the cap in the law will ensure the levy remains below that level. ED summons AirAsia India's ex-chief Mittu Chandilya The Enforcement Directorate has summoned AirAsia India's former CEO Mittu Chandilya in relation to a case registered against the airline on financial bungling and foreign management control. From around the Web Top 20 Countries to Live in 2017 SocialDaft! Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas More From The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing TOI Website Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Times of India Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends TOI Website Read MoreYemenwashington d c trumpWashingtonWal-Mart Stores IncWal-Mart Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners National Weather Service issues tornado watch for Midwest states BOJ Kuroda faces bond buying dilemma as his sceptics head out Hellman & Friedman nears deal to buy Allfunds Bank - Bloomberg U.S. Commerce Secretary Ross, Japan's Seko to meet soon to prepare bilateral dialogue - Japan 1Bird flu found in U.S. state of Tennessee 2National Weather Service issues tornado watch for Midwest states 3BOJ Kuroda faces bond buying dilemma as his sceptics head out 4Hellman & Friedman nears deal to buy Allfunds Bank - Bloomberg 5U.S. Commerce Secretary Ross, Japan's Seko to meet soon to prepare bilateral dialogue - Japan About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times | Recipes Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Cricket Score: India vs Australia Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Java Tutorial MWC 2017 Live Sikh man shot at in US Java Test Sunny Leone Suchitra tweet leak Suchitra Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO Ambassadors expelled in assassination fallout Trump’s new travel ban seeks to avoid 1st edict’s flaws 11-year-old boy with autism goes missing News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA UN chief in Somalia on emergency visit to focus on famine Iraqi forces storm Mosul government complex, then pull back European shares mixed as German factory data disappoint US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors St. Mary’s advances to WCC final with laugher over BYU Andre Iguodala comes up big in Warriors’ win over Atlanta Santa Clara seniors’ run ends against Gonzaga in WCC semis Dad’s ‘tough love’ molded A’s Matt Joyce into big-leaguer Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs GoPro shares fall to record low after Goldman, Citi say sell Switch isn’t quite the mobile console we’d hoped for, but US suspends expedited processing for H-1B visas 4 sneaky ways Ikea tricks you into buying tons of stuff you don't A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do New ‘ID10T’ comedy/music/comics festival comes to Bay Area The latest from Dear Abby SF Symphony celebrates Bernstein in 2017-18 season ‘Kedi’ celebrates the stray cats of Istanbul Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Fort Point expands in Ferry Building, fills Marla Bakery space Soon you'll be able to vacation at a craft beer-themed hotel Here’s the full lineup for Presidio Picnic’s 2017 E. coli outbreak tied to soy-nut butter sickens 2 in Santa Clara Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Study finds children keep moms up at night—but not dads How to game the DMV to avoid lines and get out faster How to start a smart home Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Carmel Valley Ranch to host inaugural Kite Festival Carmel winery adds a top chef Insiders: Brothers have the lowdown on Salinas Yes, we can: Learn how at Happy Girl Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Inspired by 16th-century Japan, the $1.9 million ‘Haiku Hot Property: Cheery and charming in Corte Madera Vineyard views from Wine Country contemporary Condo conversion of Oakland firehouse, circa 1892, offers its Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1928 Franklin Victoria brings class to the road Retiree reminisces while driving restored 1967 Marcos US News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Improve your chances for a second interview Avoid an interview disaster Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/get-out-challenge-explanation/ What the Hell is the ‘Get Out’ Challenge? A Short Explainer It’s actually pretty simple Rasha Ali, provided by Published 2:19 pm, Monday, March 6, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 What the Hell is the ‘Get Out’ Challenge? A Short Explainer 1 / 1 Back to Gallery (Spoiler alert: Please do not read on if you haven’t watched Jordan Peele’s “Get Out.”) Forget about all the critical acclaim Jordan Peele’s directorial debut “Get Out” has received and all of the racial commentary it inspired, because the horror film gave us the most important thing of all — a new challenge. The Get Out Challenge is the new social media craze that was influenced by a very particular scene in the movie. It’s pretty simple, too. So, remember near the beginning of the film when Chris steps out in the middle of the night for a smoke and encounters Walter running full speed at him before making a quick turn? That’s, basically, what the Get Out Challenge involves. Also Read: Who is Jack the Ripper? -- A Short Historical Explanation Someone runs like Walter towards the camera — or the person filming — before swiftly changing course for whatever reason. People have gotten creative with their Walter impersonations, with some doing it in Walmart aisles, their school halls and even adding funny storylines. For example, this one shows what it’s like when men are trying to hit on a girl who appears to be single, but her boyfriend pops up out of nowhere. Also Read: 'Get Out' Perfectly Explains Racism Concepts to People Who Don't Get It (Commentary) #GetOutChallenge funniest one I seen pic.twitter.com/C4PJu4h5CW — Hashirama Senju ???????? (@Zero_N_Bless) March 6, 2017 “Get Out” is about interracial couple Rose (Allison Williams) and Chris (Daniel Kaluuya), who reach a meet-the-parents stage in their relationship, leaving their metropolis for a country gathering hosted by mom (Catherine Keener) and dad (Bradley Whitford). See some of the best renditions below. #getoutchallenge pic.twitter.com/qXvjBUiGaO — Sczar Charles (@krownman14) March 6, 2017 #GetOutChallenge pic.twitter.com/r75tZM6g5u — $way (@Tabythaaaaa) March 6, 2017 When she says she's home alone but she's white #getoutchallenge pic.twitter.com/cGlSjoaG4L — Kennan (@kennan5) March 6, 2017 #GetOutChallenge ????????????????????‍♂️ pic.twitter.com/yn9z5NhiXg — Front Page Dee (@FrontPageDee) March 6, 2017 #GetOutChallenge Gone Wrong ! #Share ! pic.twitter.com/aApDUOFf1Z — Antonio (@FreakyMane_) March 6, 2017 ???????????????????????? @3600Mico_ is CRAZY #GetOutChallenge pic.twitter.com/ifsDt4xAzt — ㅤㅤㅤ (@QuezXantana) March 6, 2017 Plot Twist I snatched them mf Keys ???????? #GetOutChallenge pic.twitter.com/XBLCKXuANM — XO //2x (@xo2xxo_) March 6, 2017 Don't do the #GetOutChallenge with a sharp turn folk❗️❗️ turn your volume up???????? pic.twitter.com/ePxEjU8gwU — Anthony????????‍♂️ (@AmpWill_22) March 6, 2017 Read original story What the Hell is the ‘Get Out’ Challenge? A Short Explainer At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY Video of Trump, Bannon arguing shows tense White House House GOP releases health bill replacing Obamacare Ben Carson refers to slaves as ‘immigrants’ Trump’s new travel ban seeks to avoid 1st edict’s flaws Poll: Two-thirds want special prosecutor for Trump-Russia Son of Rudy Giuliani to work in White House LATEST NEWS Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO US moves parts of controversial missile defense to S. Korea Sacramento to pay $5M to wrong man charged with child abuse Local man sentenced to 10 years on cocaine charges Search begins for disappeared 11-year-old boy with autism Homeland Security may separate parents from children at border Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 2 San Jose men arrested after trying to steal ATM from mall Raiders secure Las Vegas financing Former Raiders OL Marvin dies following ALS fight Jay Gruden’s deal a first for owner NFL combine winners, losers California's poorest are now moving to Texas Most health conscious U.S. cities: SF's rank a big surprise Recent snowfall totals: Donner Pass received more than four feet Photos show the insane amounts of snow piled up in Tahoe Bargain airfare? Here's why some aren't buying it Spirit holds '99 percent off' flash sale, but is it worth it? TODAY'S TOP PICKS ESPN to lay off on-air talent 50 jobs and side hustles you can do from home Silicon Valley programmers pressuring friends to quit Uber Most Popular 1 Video of Donald Trump and Steven Bannon arguing shows snapshot... 2 Programmers in the Valley are pressuring their friends to quit... 3 Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 4 ESPN to Lay Off On-Air Talent 5 Report: California's poorest are coming to Texas as the state... 6 Raiders secure Las Vegas financing 7 Woman, 50, struck in SF crosswalk dies 8 Andre Iguodala comes up big in Warriors’ win over Atlanta 9 House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 10 Trump Today: Carson refers to slaves as ‘immigrants’ LATEST NEWS Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO US moves parts of controversial missile defense to S. Korea Sacramento to pay $5M to wrong man charged with child abuse Local man sentenced to 10 years on cocaine charges Search begins for disappeared 11-year-old boy with autism Homeland Security may separate parents from children at border Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 2 San Jose men arrested after trying to steal ATM from mall The 2017 Oscars best and worst moments View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Apple, Walmart, Nintendo and More 13 minutes ago Array 0 ARF Names New CEO Amid Growing Industry Conflict By Jack Neff - 18 minutes ago Array 0 Mobile World Congress: Advertising in the 4th Industrial Revolution By Tom Goodwin - 25 minutes ago Array 0 Broadcasters Hit New Lows as Clock Winds Down on 2016-17 Season By Anthony Crupi - 48 minutes ago Array 0 On Snapchat, Nudes Can Be Followed by a Word From Our Sponsor By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago Array 0 Broadcasters Hit New Lows as Clock Winds Down on 2016-17 Season By Anthony Crupi - 48 minutes ago 0 Mercedes-Benz's Biggest Content Campaign to Date May Make You Think Really Deeply About Your Life By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 hours ago 0 Why 5G Will Make Phones the Least Interesting Thing in Mobile By George Slefo - 9 hours ago 0 On Snapchat, Nudes Can Be Followed by a Word From Our Sponsor By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago 0 How Halo Top Is Conquering the Ice Cream Biz -- Without Ads By Jessica Wohl - 9 hours ago 0 Why 5G Will Make Smartphones the Least Interesting Thing in Mobile By George Slefo - 9 hours ago 0 How Halo Top Is Conquering the Ice Cream Biz -- Without Ads By Jessica Wohl - 9 hours ago 0 Your SXSW Survival Guide: Festival Pros on What to Wear, Eat, See and Do - 9 hours ago 0 Are Florals and Block Heels Enough to Reverse Sliding Sales at JC Penney? By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 9 hours ago 0 These Are the Players in 5G -- and Here's How They Can Win By George Slefo - 9 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Apple, Walmart, Nintendo and More Published on March 06, 2017. Every weekday, we bring you the Ad Age/iSpot Hot Spots, new and trending TV commercials tracked by iSpot.tv, the real-time TV ad measurement company with attention analytics from 10 million smart TVs. The New Releases here ran on TV for the first time over the weekend. The Most Engaging ads are ranked by digital activity (including online views and social shares) over the past week. Among the new releases, Apple serves up another one of its lightly humorous ads showcasing the iPad Pro's capabilities -- this time it has an exhausted student using the tablet for state-of-the-art note-taking -- while Walmart shows a rather lively kids' surprise party (all the party supplies were bought from the big-box retailer, of course); speaking of surprises, the ad uses a House of Pain song as the soundtrack. And in an epic, darkly funny spot, Jose Cuervo sort of welcomes the apocalypse; Creativity's Ann-Christine Diaz has the backstory on the new campaign. Today's TV Ad Highlights Powered by iSpot.tv New Releases Top new ads recently aired on national TV Jose Cuervo: Last Days Network: NBC Sports Show: Premier League Match of the Day Primetime Airing: Mar. 5, 9:40 pm ET Nintendo: Play at Home or on the Go Network: Animal Planet Show: Pit Bulls and Parolees Primetime Airing: Mar. 3, 9:34 pm ET Walmart: Birthdays Network: Nick Show: The Thundermans Primetime Airing: Mar. 4, 8:07 pm ET Apple iPad: Take Better Notes Network: ABC Show: NBA Basketball Primetime Airing: Mar. 4, 10:25 pm ET Taco Bell: It's Back Network: TBS Show: Seinfeld Primetime Airing: Mar. 5, 9:15 pm ET Most Engaging Top ads by SpotShare for the past 7 days The New York Times: The Truth Is Hard Online Views: 4398613 Social Actions: 42386 SpotShare: 10.68% Samsung Mobile: The Rest of Us Online Views: 4321662 Social Actions: 18662 SpotShare: 7.50% Life: Enjoy All of It Online Views: 1786 Social Actions: 49722 SpotShare: 6.48% Cadillac: Carry Online Views: 2924198 Social Actions: 19399 SpotShare: 5.96% Nintendo: Believer Online Views: 1560186 Social Actions: 4249 SpotShare: 2.42% In this article: Alcoholic Beverages Beverages Cable Consumer Electronics Creativity Media Media Retail Search Social TV Technology Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters This Artist Spent 40 Years Documenting His Life So Others Could Learn From It By Scott Indrisek • 03/06/17 3:39pm Artist Louis Zoellar Bickett with his work. Mallory Cunningham, Courtesy Andrew Edlin Gallery An installation view of "The Archive of Louis Zoellar Bicket" at Andrew Edlin Gallery. Scott Indrisek Another view of the Archive. Scott Indrisek Self-portraits by Bickett. Olya Yvsotskaya, Courtesy Andrew Edlin Gallery Advertisement Advertisement Another view of the Archive. Scott Indrisek Shelves containing tagged items. Scott Indrisek Another view of the Archive. Scott Indrisek Advertisement Advertisement Another view of the Archive. Olya Yvsotskaya, Courtesy Andrew Edlin Gallery Observer Slideshow | List - / 8 Back A plentiful variety of urine, captured and wax-sealed in bottles, rests on a shelf. Nearby, other distinctive items, each bearing a typewritten tag specifying its importance: a roll of scotch tape; a small bottle of K-Y lubricant; an orange prescription bottle for the anti-inflammatory drug Meloxicam. These objects all belong to Louis Zoellar Bickett, a 66-year old Kentuckian who has been more serious than most about stomping on the division between art and life. Along with jars of dirt, a plastic menorah, a Charlie Chaplin doll, and endless reams of printed matter—receipts, news clippings, restaurant menus—these things make up an open-ended, four-decade-long project that Bickett simply refers to as “the Archive.” A small fraction of his autobiographical holdings are now on view at Andrew Edlin Gallery in New York, through April 15, in an immersive installation organized by director Phillip March Jones, who previously staged a similar show at Institute 193 in Lexington, Kentucky. Bickett guesstimates that the archive’s debut outing in New York comprises a mere 5 percent of its unwieldy totality. “I don’t think my family gets it at all,” the artist acknowledges of his painstakingly marked-and-dated inventory, a practice that, he says, owes a debt to On Kawara. “I take the most innocuous details and make them almost sacred.” One would be forgiven for assuming that this vast accumulation is the work of a hoarder, but Bickett is far more intentional than that—and also hyper-organized, keeping meticulous written track of the identity of his magnum opus’ tens of thousands of small parts, beginning in 1972. Along the way, he has also produced discrete artworks that stand on their own: black-and-white photographs of boyfriends; formally inventive wall-bound sculptures of leather-wrapped crucifixes and other objects which recall (and predate) pieces by Tom Burr; hilarious and wry self-portraits wearing various costumes, all taken at a local Wal-Mart photo studio. At Andrew Edlin, the living-room-style installation gives these pieces the same weight as annotated jars of garbage culled from the roadside, small kitschy statuettes gifted from friends, or a jar of matchbooks advertising A La Lucie, the (now defunct) high-end restaurant where Bickett was a waiter for about thirty years. It’s all strange and sweet and mysterious, an immersive sculpture in flux that just happens to be someone’s life. Bickett has faith in his archive’s value for future generations—a kind of time capsule or resource about a specific American man and his unique milieu. He can envision the entire piece finding a permanent home in an academic context, like New York University—or even at the Vatican. “Ideally I would have every bit of it displayed, stored, and studied together,” Bickett says, alluding to the precedent of artists like Clyfford Still, who put famously strenuous demands on their estates. “I don’t know where the archive fits artistically, but historically, I think it is really important. There are aspects to it—like the way the AIDS crisis affected me, as a gay man in a small Southern town—and how it affected other people. But there’s a universality to it that makes it interesting and applicable to other places; that’s probably what separates really significant art from art that’s just designed to hang over a couch. It tells you something about the artist, and it tells you something about yourself, and your place in the world.” While Bickett once entertained the prospect of moving to New York, he is ultimately glad that he remained in Kentucky, a hometown icon who balanced his time between artmaking and waiting on the likes of Elizabeth Taylor, Sam Shepard, and other less boldfaced diners at A La Lucie, many of whom had no idea their restaurant server was also a feverish cataloger of his life’s tiniest moments. “I could continue the archive without trying to commercially promote it,” Bickett says. “Everything seems to be so market-driven, that when you find someone that isn’t—I would like to think it’s a breath of fresh air.” Up NextShould Indie Authors Publish Exclusively With Amazon or Not? Article continues below More from Business & Tech Should Indie Authors Publish Exclusively With Amazon or Not? Arts & Entertainment Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Up NextShould Indie Authors Publish Exclusively With Amazon or Not? Observer Politics Arts & Entertainment Style & Design Business & Technology Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Showing: 15,997 Artists | 83,858 Events         Home My PollStar Concert Wire Photos Social Hotstar Store Find an Event Login or Register Email Password Forgot your password? Selena Gomez $65.51      Thao & The Get Down Stay Down $17.47      Underoath $25.52      Justin Bieber $99.62      Explosions In The Sky $28.66      Catfish And The Bottlemen $21.86      Ghost $32.84      Melissa Etheridge $49.99      Illenium $18.70      Deftones $39.29      Jason Aldean $47.30      Ringo Starr & His All Starr Band $88.99      "Bring It! Live" $40.11      Tory Lanez $28.14      Maroon 5 $100.12      Getter $22.07      Jon Bellion $22.25      Zeds Dead $36.77      Prophets Of Rage $36.50      Paul Simon $92.78      Jackson Browne $65.99      Bob Dylan $81.03      Yellowcard $28.07      Penny and Sparrow $15.27      311 $40.61      Foreigner $59.40      Junior Brown $25.38      Pouya $23.19      Relient K $32.16      Theresa Caputo $63.01      Phish $56.28      Pitbull $67.52      Rebelution $29.10      Highly Suspect $17.93      Andy Grammer $45.08      M83 $38.55      Death Cab For Cutie $36.85      Blink-182 $38.74      Korn $28.07      Earth, Wind & Fire $65.38      "Riverdance" $59.89      Blue October $28.25      R. Kelly $80.30      Five Finger Death Punch $53.80      Judah & The Lion $13.94      Def Leppard $51.97      Ray LaMontagne $47.35      The Piano Guys $57.89      "Taste Of Chaos" $31.41      Counting Crows $39.47       Travis Scott Takes On U.S. Tour 11:01 AM Monday 3/6/17 | | Tweet He just signed a major-label record deal last year and is collaborating with some of hip-hop’s hottest young acts, so it should not surprise anyone paying attention that Travis Scott is headlining destination theatres and amphitheatres, while also appearing at some of the nation’s biggest festivals. Travis Scott Amalie Arena, Tampa, Fla. December 17, 2015 (John Davisson) | 0 The first headline date is at Las Vegas’ Jewel Nightclub on March 17. After that, a full headline run starts April 27 in Wallingford, Conn.’s Toyota Oakdale Theatre.  The headline dates hit the regional Northeast, South and Midwest, ending in Clive, Iowa, on May 27. Festivals the young rapper and producer is playing include Buku Music + Art Project in New Orleans this week on March 10 and Coachella on April 14 and 21. Later on this year he also plays Minnesota’s Soundset and Tennessee’s Bonnaroo. Scott is a producer for Kanye West’s G.O.O.D. music label and he signed a deal with Universal Music Publishing Group in 2016. His last album was Birds In The Trap Sing McKnight and he is rumored to be collaborating with Quavo of Migos on a new album. That duo and Lil Uzi Vert recently released a song for the soundtrack of "The Fate of the Furious". Here is the headline plan: April 27 – Wallingford, Conn., Toyota Oakdale Theatre April 30 – New York, N.Y., Terminal 5 May 2 – Pittsburgh, Pa., Stage AE May 4 – Portsmouth, Va., Portsmouth Pavilion May 5 – Charlotte, N.C., Charlotte Metro Credit Union Amphitheatre May 6 – Saint Augustine, Fla., St. Augustine Amphitheatre May 11 – Houston, Texas, Revention Music Center May 12 – Oklahoma City, Okla., The Criterion May 13 – Rogers, Ark., Walmart AMP May 15 – Kansas City, Mo., Uptown Theater May 17 – St. Louis, Mo., The Pageant May 18 – Milwaukee, Wisc., Eagles Ballroom May 19 – Grand Rapids, Mich., 20 roe Live May 21 – Cleveland, Ohio, Jacobs Pavilion At Nautica May 24 – Indianapolis, Ind., Farm Bureau Insurance Lawn At White River State Park May 25 – Cincinnati, Ohio, PNC Pavilion At Riverbend May 27 – Clive, Iowa, Seven Flags Event Center Presales are on now and the general onsale starts March 8. Learn more about the artist at TravisScott.com. --Francisco Rendon Comments Artists Mentioned in this article Kanye West |  4 "Coachella Valley Music... |  3 "Bonnaroo Music & Arts ... |  2 "Soundset" |  0 "Buku Music + Art Project" |  0 Travis Scott |  0 Migos |  0 Lil Uzi Vert |  0 Latest News view all Korn Unveils ‘The Serenity Of Summe...05:01 PM, 03/06/17 |  - X Ambassadors04:59 PM, 03/06/17 |  - Legend Of Zelda Symphony Rides Agai...04:01 PM, 03/06/17 |  - Jeff & Larry’s Backyard BBQ03:01 PM, 03/06/17 |  - ‘La La Land,’ In Live Concert Form,...02:59 PM, 03/06/17 |  - Skepta02:59 PM, 03/06/17 |  - Quinn Sullivan Stands Among Giants02:01 PM, 03/06/17 |  - Boston Teams With Joan Jett & The B...01:01 PM, 03/06/17 |  - Demon Dayz: Gorillaz Return With Ow...12:01 PM, 03/06/17 |  - Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker11:59 AM, 03/06/17 |  - Travis Scott Takes On U.S. Tour11:01 AM, 03/06/17 |  - Time For An Evening With Toto10:01 AM, 03/06/17 |  - Zedd09:59 AM, 03/06/17 |  - Decision On Fate Of Cincinnati’s Ki...09:01 AM, 03/06/17 |  - Gladys Knight Starts Fundraising Ef...08:01 AM, 03/06/17 |  - Several Thousand People Attend Conc...07:01 AM, 03/06/17 |  - Find an Article Tools Print This Page © Copyright 2015 Pollstar. All Rights Reserved. Use of information on this website is subject to License Agreement. Tickets for dates listed may not yet be on sale. Dates may change without notice. Home My Pollstar Concert Wire Photos Hotstar Store Add Events Help / FAQ Send Feedback Link to Us Advertise About Developer API Careers with Pollstar
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Cherokee Global Brands to Present at the 29th Annual Roth Conference Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 06, 2017 2:15pm   Comments Share: SHERMAN OAKS, Calif., March 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cherokee Global Brands (NASDAQ:CHKE), a global brand marketing platform that manages a growing portfolio of fashion and lifestyle brands, announced today Henry Stupp, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, will present at the 29th Annual Roth Conference to be held on March 13-15, 2017, at the The Ritz Carlton, Laguna Niguel. The Company's presentation is scheduled for Monday, March 13, 2017 at 1:30 p.m. PT. The audio portion of the presentation will be available live by visiting the 'Investor Relations' section of the Company's website at http://cherokeeglobalbrands.com. A replay of the webcast will be accessible on the site for 90 days following the live presentation. About Cherokee Inc. Cherokee is a global brand marketing platform that manages a growing portfolio of fashion and lifestyle brands including Cherokee®, Carole Little®, Tony Hawk® Signature Apparel and Hawk Brands®, Liz Lange®, Everyday California®, Hi-Tech and Magnum®, Sideout®, Hi-Tec®, Magnum®, 50 Peaks®, Interceptor® and Flip Flop Shops®, a leading franchise retail chain, across multiple consumer product categories and retail tiers around the world. The Company currently maintains license and franchise agreements with leading retailers and manufacturers that span over 110 countries in 12,000 retail locations and digital commerce. Its retail, franchise and e-commerce platform partnerships include: Target Stores (U.S.), Kohl's (U.S.), Sears Canada (Canada), Walmart (Canada), Argos & Sports Direct (UK and Ireland), Flip Flop Shops® (US, Canada, Caribbean, Middle East and South Africa), RT-Mart (Peoples Republic of China), Pick 'n Pay (South Africa), Falabella (Chile, Peru and Colombia), Arvind Mills (India), Shufersal LTD. (Israel), Comercial Mexicana (Mexico), Nishimatsuya (Japan), Landmark Group's Max Stores (certain Middle East and North Africa countries), Reliance Trends Stores (India), Ahold (Czech Republic) and the TJX Companies (U.S., Canada and Europe). Investor Contacts:
Cherokee Global Brands
Jason Boling, CFO
818-908-9868

Addo Investor Relations
Patricia Nir
310-829-5400 View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 GPRO, NOVN: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 CASY, KFY: Keep an Eye on These 5 Stocks for March 6, 2017 3 FB, SNAP: Snap Says It May Never Become Profitable; Here's... 4 IEP, ENZN: Icahn's (Potential) Move Into Biotech 5 BGSF, CASY: Earnings Scheduled For March 6, 2017 6 TRCO, RRC: Barron's Picks And P... 7 EXPE, ATHM: Benzinga's... 1 VRX: Valeant Tumbles After Breaching Major Support Level 2 XLK, SNE: Rewriting The Script: Simulation Games Take Inspiration From Art, Soc... 3 SNAP: Short Sellers: What's It Mean For A Stock To Be 'Hard T... 4 AKRX: Does Reward Potential Still Outweigh The Risk In Akorn Shares? 5 TTD, GPRO: 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Monday 6 Stock Index Futures Edge Up 7 U.S. Dollar Index Edges Up Ahead of Data View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Technology > Maersk teams with IBM on blockchain data-sharing platform Technology March 6, 2017 Maersk teams with IBM on blockchain data-sharing platform Partners to open secure global trading network to all users later in 2017. By DC Velocity Staff Comment Danish shipping giant Maersk Line said Sunday it has teamed with IBM Corp. in an initiative to use blockchain technology to speed the flow of data through its global supply chain, and will soon open the network up to all users. The partners are currently using the solution in live shipments shipments before opening it up to the entire shipping and logistics industry. IBM and Maersk expect to release the trade digitization system later this year for the use of shippers, freight forwarders, ocean carriers, ports, and customs authorities, IBM said. The effort would be a way for Maersk to trim its business costs, and for IBM to sell its cloud services. Maersk and IBM developed the solution together based on the open source Linux Foundation's Hyperledger Fabric. The solution is expected to be widely available to support multiple parties across the ocean shipping industry later this year, hosted by IBM on its IBM Bluemix cloud computing, platform as a service (PaaS) product. Blockchain is a software technology that supports a secure, shared data network that allows each business partner to have end-to-end visibility based on its level of permission, according to IBM. Because of that transparency, each participant in a global trade ecosystem can view the progress of its goods through the supply chain, seeing where a container is in transit, the status of its customs documents, information on bills of lading, and other data. At the same time, blockchain security means that no single party can modify, delete, or even append any record without the consensus of others on the network, IBM said. Blockchain network users could save money by accelerating data flow, because trade documentation processing and administration can represent up to one-fifth the total physical transportation costs, Maersk said. For example, a typical shipment of refrigerated goods from East Africa to Europe can go through nearly 30 people and organizations, including exporters, shippers, and governments, tallying more than 200 different interactions and communications among them, the company said. Applying a method for safe, secure data exchange—such as blockchain—could help reduce fraud and errors, minimize the time products spend in the transit and shipping process, and improve inventory management, Maersk said. "As a global integrator of container logistics with the ambition to digitize global trade, we are excited about this cooperation and its potential to bring substantial efficiency and productivity gains to global supply chains, while decreasing fraud and increasing security," Ibrahim Gokcen, Maersk's chief digital officer, said in a release. "The projects we are doing with IBM aim at exploring a disruptive technology such as blockchain to solve real customer problems and create new innovative business models for the entire industry." The announcement marks IBM's latest foray into applying blockchain technology to logistics markets, following its 2016 deal with Wal-Mart Stores Inc. to use the technology to improve track and trace capabilities on food shipments in China. #Logistics #Transportation #Software & Systems #Ocean/Maritime/Barges/Ports Resources Mentioned In This Article IBM Maersk Line Related Articles Kewill and LeanLogistics rebrand as BluJay Solutions Survey: retailers drive demand for Internet of Things Routific upgrades route optimization app Navis hires GT Nexus co-founder TMW Systems offers cloud-based software for small fleets More Videos » Technology Videos Orchestrating Your Next Best Move With Real-Time Visibility Logistics technology tools that matter Ruan: A Culture Enhanced by People, Process and Technology Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : Maersk teams with IBM on blockchain data-sharing platform">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from McNeil, Gray & Rice, Orbis Research, Supply Vision, JLL Charlotte, Globe Tracker International, and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. USPS warns defection of three key customers could hurt package business 2. Smartglasses get a second look from warehouses 3. Maersk posts massive 2016 loss; company sees better days ahead 4. A razor-sharp strategy for distribution 5. Less-than-truckload carriers shift cargo liability to shippers 6. XPO closes purchase of Con-way; layoffs begin within Con-way system 7. UPS to build Western region package hub in Salt Lake City 8. Beyond forklifts: Toyota enters brave new world of integrated fulfillment solutions 9. Still fighting the omnichannel battle 10. Dell launches compact computers for mounting on trucks and trailers News from our sister publication The advantages of a holistic approach to cross-docking Using supply chain-enabled PLCM to boost margin growth Disruptive technologies: Should you give them the green light? Retailers turn to technology, policy changes to help contain omnichannel fulfillment costs Supply chain evolution in a crisis: Case studies from Russia Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2017 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Festival Season Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Greatest of All Time News Music Festivals Dance Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Travis Scott Reveals Birds Eye View Tour Dates 3/6/2017 by Carl Lamarre FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Matteo Prandoni/BFA/REX/Shutterstock Travis Scott performs in Paris on March 2, 2017.  Travis Scott is ready to hit the road. The 24-year-old hitmaker will embark on his Birds Eye View tour, powered by Live Nation, in support of his sophomore album and Billboard 200 No. 1 Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight. Scott's 25-city trek will include several festival stops, most notably Coachella and Bonnaroo. In between those performances, Scott will also touch down in major cities such as New York, Houston and Miami.  The tour begins April 12. Fan pre-sale begins Monday (March 6) and general on-sale tickets will be available Wednesday (March 8) 10 a.m. EST at travisscott.com/shows. Check out the dates below.   Wednesday - April 12 - Santa Barbara, CA - Santa Barbara Bowl Friday - April 14 - Indio, CA - Coachella Friday - April 21 - Indio, CA - Coachella Thursday - April 27 - Wallingford, CT - Oakdale Sunday - Apr 30 - New York City, NY - Terminal 5 Tuesday - May 2 - Pittsburgh, PA - Stage AE Wednesday - May 4 - Portsmouth, VA - Portsmouth Pavillion Friday - May 5  - Charlotte, NC - Metro Credit Union Amphitheatre Saturday - May 6 - St. Augustine, FL - St. Augustine Amphitheatre Sunday - May 7 - Miami, FL - Rolling Loud Festival Thursday - May 11 – Houston, TX - Revention Music Center Friday - May 12 – Oklahoma City, OK - The Criterion  Saturday - May 13 – Rogers, AR - Walmart Amphitheatre Monday - May 15 – Kansas City, MO - Uptown Theatre  Wednesday - May 17 - St. Louis, MO - The Pageant Thursday - May 18 - Milwaukee, WI - Eagles Ballroom Friday - May 19 – Grand Rapids, MI - 20 Monroe Live Sunday - May 21 – Cleveland, OH - Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica Wednesday - May 24 – Indianapolis, IN - Farm Bureau Lawn at White River State Park Thursday - May 25 – Cincinnati, OH - PNC Pavilion at Riverbed Music Center Saturday - May 27 - Des Moines, IA - 7 Flags Sunday - May 28 - St. Paul, MN - Soundset Festival Wednesday - May 31 - Salt Lake City, UT - The Complex Thursday - June 1 - Boise, ID - Revolution Concert House and Event Center Friday - June 2 - Eugene, OR - Cuthbert Amphitheatre Sunday - June 11 - Manchester, TN - Bonnaroo    Tour pt1 Travisscott.com A post shared by flame (@travisscott) on Mar 6, 2017 at 8:09am PST FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
null
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Brawny Man replaced with Brawny Woman for Women's History Month by: Fiza Pirani, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Updated: Mar 6, 2017 - 11:32 AM Brawny paper towels display the male logo that normally appears on packaging (Flickr/Your Best Digs) Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter To celebrate strong women during Women’s History Month, Brawny has temporarily replaced the iconic Brawny Man with a Brawny Woman on its paper towel packages. >> Read more trending stories  The limited edition is part of Brawny parent company Georgia-Pacific’s #StrengthHasNoGender campaign. The company also promoted the campaign during the month of March last year. A video promo of the campaign features iconic women who have broken barriers, including Harriet Tubman, Susan B. Anthony, Amelia Earhart, Serena Williams and others.   For #WomensHistoryMonth, we're proud to celebrate the strong women everywhere who break barriers and inspire us all. #StrengthHasNoGender pic.twitter.com/4yN6Z6x5DG — Brawny (Brawny) March 1, 2017   Consumers can purchase the paper towel packages featuring the Brawny Woman wearing the classic red and black flannel during March in Walmart stores across the country. In addition to the limited-edition packages, Georgia-Pacific is also contributing $75,000 to Girls Inc., a nonprofit that focuses on giving confidence to girls to help inspire enthusiasm for the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM). “Overall, what we hope to accomplish with this campaign is to promote conversation about what it means to be strong and resilient, and inspire women and girls everywhere to chase their dreams no matter what obstacles they may face,” Laura Knebusch, vice president of marketing activation at Georgia-Pacific, told RealSimple.com. The campaign also launched a series of videos in which four women in the STEM fields who have broken their own barriers share their stories.    Iconic Brawny Man replaced with Brawny Woman for Women's History Month https://t.co/pLX9D0jiTb pic.twitter.com/VCm43KLDZs — AJC (@ajc) March 6, 2017   © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Brawny Man replaced with Brawny Woman for Women's History Month Police: Man says he stabbed mother to death because she is vampire, he… Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep federal funding if it halts abortions House Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Police investigate after infant found face down in dirty mop water News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Top Events NBA NFL MLB NHL NCAAF NCAAB Soccer Menu Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated twitter Search Close Watch Photos Podcasts Vault Shop Subscribe Search Close My SI Menu NFL News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Fantasy Odds MMQB External Link NBA The Crossover Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds NCAAF News Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds Campus NCAAB News Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds MLB News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Soccer News Scores Schedule Standings NHL News NHL 100 Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Golf External Link Mustard Swim External Link MLB News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds News Scores Watch Photos Podcasts Reporters My SI Logout Login Register Shop External Link Sports NFL Down News The MMQB External Link Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds NBA Down The Crossover Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds College Football Down News Campus Rush Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds College Hoops Down News Campus Rush Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds MLB Down News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Soccer Down News Scores Schedule Standings NHL Down News NHL 100 Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Golf External Link MMA Fantasy Sports Racing Down News The Drive Tennis Olympics Down News Meet Team USA Medal Tracker Schedule And Results Boxing High School Features Extra Mustard Swimsuit External Link Tech & Media Edge Vault External Link Longform External Link Sportsperson SI Network Fansided External Link SI Kids External Link SI Play External Link 120 Sports External Link Golf.com Tee Times External Link MLB How a contract breach led Catfish Hunter to become baseball's first real free agent 1:33 | More Sports These athletes are only getting richer after leaving the field Quickly In an excerpt from his new book Dynastic, Bombastic, Fantastic, Jason Turbow details the story of how Catfish Hunter became baseball's first real free agent after he didn't accept overdue payments from Charlie Finley. Share twitter Jason Turbow Monday March 6th, 2017 The following is excerpted from Dynastic, Bombastic, Fantastic: Reggie, Rollie, Catfish, and Charlie Finley’s Swingin’ A’s. Copyright © 2017 by Jason Turbow. Used by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. In January 1970 Oakland A’s owner Charlie Finley loaned 23-year-old pitcher Jim “Catfish” Hunter $150,000 to buy a 485-acre farm adjacent to his existing property in North Carolina. Hunter was to repay the money at a minimum of $20,000 per year, plus 6 percent interest, for as long as it took to get square. At Hunter’s salary—$21,500 in 1969, $33,200 in ’70—it was a stretch, but worth it. The pact was consummated with a handshake, no contract necessary. Just a few months later, however, the Owner purchased the Memphis Pros of the American Basketball Association, supplementing the hockey team he had already acquired, the NHL’s California Golden Seals. This placed more strain on the financial reserves of Charles O. Finley & Company than anticipated. Recouping his loan to Hunter was among the Owner’s quickest paths to solvency. Except that Catfish had already spent the money on the farm. That wasn’t good enough for Finley, who took to telephoning frequently from Chicago and haranguing the pitcher about finances. “He’d call me in the clubhouse,” recounted Hunter. “He’d call me off the field. He called me at the hotels on the road. He called me at home. He called my father, who was furious.” The calls would come only on days that Hunter was scheduled to pitch, frequently minutes before game time, after he had already taken the field. Perhaps Finley thought that if he caught Catfish at his moments of peak concentration, the pitcher would pay more credence to his debt.  Dynastic, Bombastic, Fantastic by Jason Turbow How the Oakland A's of the 1970s—a band of brawling Hall of Famers—won three straight championships and knocked baseball into the modern age. Buy Now Hunter tried to arrange alternative financing through multiple banks in North Carolina, but without showing up in person it couldn’t be done. He asked Finley for a leave of absence between starts to pull something together, but his request was denied. Hunter grew nervous, began losing sleep. Finley’s bombardment peaked in August. Hunter went 0-4 in his seven starts that month. When the 24-year-old finished the 1970 season with an 18-14 record—tantalizingly close to his first 20-win campaign—he knew just where to look for the two missing victories. “I asked [Finley] once why he only called me on the days I was due to pitch, but he said he didn’t know when I was going to pitch,” Hunter recalled. “That was a bunch of bull, because Charlie knows everything that’s going on in this club. He tells the managers who to pitch and when. I tried not to think the worst of him, but it was impossible.” The land was important to Hunter, who as a local farmer possessed innate understanding of its value. Desperate to find a suitable arrangement, he even offered up insanity: a 10-year contract at $15,000 per season in lieu of the $150,000 that he owed. It would have priced the pitcher’s services at below half his current value, never mind inflation. Finley, unwilling to consider anybody’s terms but his own, refused. As soon as the season ended Hunter raced home to arrange for a second loan to cover the first, but gave up when a boundary-line dispute delayed the proceedings. That winter he sold 80 percent of the farm to a family friend for his initial $150,000 investment and sent the money to the Owner. Bitter feelings from that exchange stayed with the pitcher for a long time, and informed his future actions. From that point on, every deal Hunter made with Finley was extensively documented, with signatures from each party in all the appropriate places. That last detail, it turned out, would prove to be instrumental in the years to come. On Feb. 11, 1974, Hunter agreed with Finley on a two-year deal at $100,000 per—only the second multiyear contract the Owner ever awarded. Hunter was by that time among baseball’s best pitchers, with three straight 20-win seasons, three All-Star appearances in four years, and back-to-back top-five finishes in the Cy Young voting. Although his contemporaries were earning much more—Tom Seaver made $173,000 in 1974, and Steve Carlton $165,000—Catfish had no way of knowing that. He’d always wanted to earn six figures, and when Finley made the offer it seemed just fine. There was only one caveat, Hunter said. His attorney back home in North Carolina, J. Carlton Cherry, had advised him to defer some of it. Put it into a life insurance annuity, he said, which could be cashed in for additional income once Hunter’s baseball career ended. The benefit to this arrangement was that instead of being in a high tax bracket in 1974, Hunter would be taxed later on, when he was effectively unemployed and on the hook for a smaller amount. That is exactly how Cherry wrote the addendum: $50,000 per year, to be paid at regular intervals through the season, and $50,000 disbursed to an entity of Hunter’s choosing. Finley agreed. The benefit to Finley was that he got to hold on to the money in the interim, earning interest on it all the while. The difference with Hunter’s stipulation was that the Owner wouldn’t have the money at all—the annuity would. Even less palatable for Finley was the discovery that about $25,000 in taxes was due immediately, and he would be the one paying them. Before long the Owner denied having agreed to anything, claiming he never saw the wording appended by Cherry. There were two flaws to this argument. One was that Finley, while poring over the contract, added revisions in his own handwriting—instructions to his payroll department to earmark payments to whomever Hunter designated. The other was that the Owner did not actually sign the document. On its surface, this seemed like a boon for him. If he hadn’t agreed to the arrangement, after all, it could hardly be valid. But the document in question was the only contract Hunter had. If it was not valid, that meant Catfish had been pitching contract-free, which would make him a free agent. When the 1974 season opened, Finley made the standard payments every two weeks as agreed. Although Cherry provided specific directions for the annuity deposit—to be paid to the Jefferson Insurance Company of North Carolina, starting midseason—the Owner did not put a penny toward it. Hunter was effectively pitching for half the money for which he signed. Cherry spent the summer’s middle months peppering Finley with letters seeking fulfillment. At first the Owner didn’t respond. Later he offered a bevy of excuses, including that the paperwork was lost. By early August Finley was sufficiently concerned to urge Hunter to accept a straight payment of $50,000. In September, the pitcher turned to Washington attorney and agent Jerry Kapstein for help, and reported the pertinent details. “I did everything I could to live up to the contract, but he still has not paid the money,” Hunter told him. “I don’t know much about this, Jerry. Do you think I’m a free agent?” “Jim, let me ask you this,” said Kapstein. “Did your lawyer, Mr. Cherry, give Finley official notice of the contract breach?” “Yes, he did.” “Did the 10-day period [as stipulated in the contract] pass after Finley received the letter?” Not only had the period passed, Hunter said, but Finley never even bothered to respond. “Based on those facts, it would appear to me you will be a free agent,” Kapstein said. Telling the pitcher to lay low until the end of the season, the agent said that he’d visit Cherry in North Carolina over the winter to work out details. “Be sure no one else knows,” he warned. When Miller and MLB Players Association counsel Dick Moss read the contract, they agreed with Hunter’s interpretation and sent written notice to Finley about the violation. They also noted, as per the terms therein, that Finley had 10 days in which to comply. This was standard language found in every uniform player contract, placed there 40 years earlier by the owners themselves to provide a reasonable buffer against default claims. Once that buffer expired, however . . . well, they were breaking new ground. According to the union, Hunter could proclaim himself a free agent as of Sept. 26, but he did not want to distract from Oakland’s playoff push. On Oct. 4 the MLBPA sent a telegram to Finley’s Chicago office, notifying the Owner of his default and informing him that “because of the impending playoffs and World Series, the effective date of termination [of Hunter’s contract] shall be the day following the last game played by the Oakland Athletics in 1974.” The ALCS began at the Coliseum the following day. Finley was there, as was American League president Lee MacPhail. Seizing the opportunity, the Owner brought MacPhail into the clubhouse, where he found Hunter and offered him a check for the outstanding $50,000 on his contract. “Let’s get this out of the way,” he told the pitcher. “I’ll give you the money, and we can go try to win the World Series.” Catfish, heeding Cherry’s advice, turned him down. “Mr. Finley,” he said, “you pay it the way the contract reads, and everything will be just fine.” Finley launched into histrionics, crying to MacPhail, “What can I do? I offer him the money and he won’t take it.”  The display swayed MacPhail, who later said, “The Oakland club offered everything to which [Hunter] is entitled. I can’t see how anyone can say he’s a free agent.” The trouble with that logic was that Hunter, like any employee in any profession, was entitled to the terms of his contract, and accepting a check for which he’d have to pay taxes was not within those terms. When Hunter claimed to become a free agent after the season, he had little idea whether it would actually come to pass. There was no questioning, however, that Catfish meant every word he said. On Oct. 10, two days before the World Series was to start, Jerome Holtzman wrote a story about Hunter’s contract in the Chicago Sun-Times, based on a report he received from one of Hunter’s confidants—former teammate Mike Hershberger—which included this bombshell: the best pitcher on the best team in the league was attempting to jump ship. By Oct. 11 it was national news. There was no hiding it now. Kapstein heard about it just in time to hightail over to Dodger Stadium for Friday’s workout. In the Dodger Stadium press box, the agent laid it all out for the assembled media, adding that Hunter was not talking because his focus was on the World Series. Catfish broke the news of his possible departure to Tenace, Bando and Rudi that night over dinner with their wives. Tenace spent the ensuing days humming “If I Were a Rich Man” around the clubhouse.  Union leader Marvin Miller, meanwhile, sent a letter to MLB Commissioner Bowie Kuhn, seeking official recognition of Hunter’s free agency. As expected, Kuhn declared such a penalty to be too severe. He even suggested mediating the dispute himself, which Miller countered with a clause in the Basic Agreement mandating an impartial arbitrator for contract disputes between players and owners. Focus on Sport/Getty Images Only an hour after the World Series ended, even as Oakland players celebrated in their clubhouse, the union filed two grievances—one against Finley for breach of contract, another against Kuhn and Major League Baseball for failure to declare Hunter a free agent. Finley remained bewildered, at least publicly. “I cannot believe that Catfish would do this to me,” he said. “I’m sure that he will be with us next season.” Privately, he was less reticent. When Hunter approached him with a solution to both their problems—a long-term contract at $200,000 per season, with a $200,000 bonus—Finley rejected him outright and did not counter. An arbitration hearing took place on Nov. 26 in New York. Hunter’s team claimed that Finley knew everything about the annuity arrangement from the beginning and willingly defaulted. Finley argued that he believed the deal to involve deferred money, paid after the pitcher’s career ended—not a sum due right away. Tasked to make sense of it was a three-person panel. The votes of the first two members—Miller, on behalf of the players, and John Gaherin, the owners’ chief negotiator—canceled each other out. That left things up to Peter Seitz, a 69-year-old litigator with nearly two decades of arbitration experience across numerous industries. Seitz took 20 days to announce his decision, and when he did it was groundbreaking. He sided with Hunter completely. Finley was on the hook for the outstanding $50,000, plus interest, for Hunter’s services in 1974, and because he had not fulfilled the player’s contract, it was theretofore terminated. Just like that, Major League Baseball had its first true free agent. The Owner immediately sought a court order overturning Seitz’s ruling. Bowie Kuhn said it was “like giving a life sentence to a pickpocket,” and imposed a moratorium on other teams negotiating with Hunter. They both knew it was folly. An arbitration ruling had to possess serious discrepancies to be overturned—“capricious, arbitrary or dishonest conduct” was how Kuhn described it, even as he noted that none of the above factored into Seitz’s decision. The courts agreed, refusing Finley’s plea at two levels of the judiciary. On a personal level, Finley could not understand Hunter’s ingratitude. Hadn’t the Owner been the one to personally scout him in the backwoods of Hertford, N.C.? Hadn’t he stuck with him through his hunting accident? Hadn’t he showered him with a $75,000 signing bonus? What about the five grand he gave him for pitching a perfect game, or the cost of a new Cadillac for winning 21 in 1971? The Owner went out of his way to invest money for Catfish, generating an after-tax profit of $15,000 in 1972 alone. And what about the farm loan? Such was the Owner’s myopia that he refused to acknowledge that his actions in recalling the loan undid any goodwill that may have previously been fostered.  On Dec. 18, Kuhn, seeing no other option, lifted his moratorium. The race was on. Catfish had won 106 games over the previous five years and had just been voted the American League’s best pitcher and was still only 28 years old. Early speculation said that it might take as much as $1 million to lock him up. Ahoskie, N.C., population 5,500, was the “big city” close to Hunter’s home in Hertford, about an hour’s drive to the northwest. It was also the location of the law offices of J. Carlton Cherry, Hunter’s 68-year-old longtime attorney, who had maintained a practice in town for some 45 years. For three weeks in December 1974, Cherry’s firm became the most prominent entity on baseball’s landscape, the result of the lawyer’s decision to avoid sending his client on a tour of interested parties and instead bring the parties to him. Hunter and his team entertained between three and five clubs a day, 48 executives in all by the time things wrapped up. “I love this place,” said Catfish’s old pitching coach in Oakland, Bill Posedale, in town representing his new employer, the San Diego Padres. “I bought the whole town of Ahoskie drinks last night, and it only cost me two dollars.” It didn’t take long for the $1 million predictions to be blown from the water. The first team to make an offer, the Cleveland Indians, opened with $2.4 million over 10 years. By day’s end the Red Sox had upped it to $3 million over five. After that, teams got creative. The Rangers discussed a generous straight salary, plus a farm annuity, plus $30,000 a year for 15 years. Pittsburgh offered $3.75 million for five years, plus, among other perks, limited partnership in five new Wal-Mart stores. The Royals weighed in with $137,500 per year for six years, money for the farm, college tuition for Hunter’s kids, and a figure that nearly got the pitcher to sign on the spot—$50,000 a year for life. When Hunter asked, however, what would happen to the contract after he died, Kansas City GM Joe Burke told him that his demise would be the termination point. “How about my wife?” asked Catfish. Joked Burke, “Well, we won’t have to worry about that, will we? You’ll be dead.” It was not a good joke, and it continued to sour Hunter even after the Royals added $30,000 per year for the rest of Helen Hunter’s life as well. As it all unfolded Hunter received a personal letter at his own PO box in Hertford that read, in part, “I naturally feel that the arbitrator, in making his decision, exceeded his authority and jurisdiction . . . however, I hereby offer, without qualification, to purchase and own the annuity on your life as you requested on or about August 1, 1974.” It was from Finley. Amid the fervor for the pitcher’s services, he was supplicating himself—or coming as close to it as he knew how. A contract to play for the A’s in 1975, he said, would be arriving shortly. Upon seeing how poorly his five-year, $1.5 million proposal stacked up, Yankees president Gabe Paul conceded defeat and made the two-and-a-half-hour road trip to Raleigh for his return flight to New York. One thing Paul had working in his favor, however, was Yankees director of minor league scouting Clyde Kluttz.  Kluttz, who visited Hunter along with Paul, was the former A’s scout who had been vital in steering the pitcher toward the A’s in the first place. As a fellow North Carolinian, he’d endeared himself to the Hunter family, earning extra points shortly after Hunter first signed when Finley tried to backtrack and get the teenager to agree to a second contract—dated 1965 instead of 1964—that would have allowed him to be sent to the minors without penalty owing to the expiration of the bonus baby rule. “Don’t sign nothing else,” Kluttz advised. Hunter listened, and never spent a day in the minors. A decade later it was Kluttz, still tight with the pitcher, who suggested Hunter’s $200,000-per-year compromise offer to Finley. When Kluttz called his wife, Wayne, from the airport to tell her that he and Paul were homeward bound, she surprised him with instructions to stay put. “You have breakfast with that boy tomorrow morning,” she insisted. “You know Jim and he knows you. You talk to him once more.” So Kluttz did exactly that. He found Hunter chock-full of questions. Can I live in New York City? Kluttz was no fan of the urban environment, but there were places on the outskirts with space to breathe. Steinbrenner? Couldn’t be worse than Finley, Kluttz reasoned, plus he’s just as serious about winning. Kluttz talked about the rabid fan base and increased opportunities in the country’s largest media market. Ultimately, though, New York’s offer wasn’t close enough to merit serious consideration. Hunter wanted to make a decision by the next day, Dec. 31. He was tired of the hour-long drive into Ahoskie, not to mention that the baseball season ended two months earlier and he hadn’t so much as dusted off his hunting rifle. Catfish was leaning toward San Diego, although Cherry was still championing the Royals. The Red Sox, Angels, Pirates and Mets had outside chances. On the morning of the last day of the year Hunter drove to Ahoskie prepared to finalize a deal. Before seeing Cherry, however, he stopped at the Tomahawk Motel to meet Kluttz for a cup of coffee. That was where the old scout shot the final arrow in his quiver. “Jimmy,” he asked, “what would it take for you to come and play for the Yankees?” Kluttz had no power to make an offer, but he had a direct line to somebody who did. Hunter told him—a five-year deal with 15 years of deferred money at $100,000 per season, plus college funds for his kids and a variety of perks to be determined. The two men went to Cherry’s office, where one of the attorney’s partners, Joe Flythe, called Paul with details of the contractual benchmarks that could seal the deal. It put the executive in a tight spot. Ordinarily, Paul could go directly to owner George Steinbrenner for approval, but the Boss had been suspended by Bowie Kuhn for making illegal campaign contributions to Richard Nixon and was temporarily banned from contact. They were talking about nearly $3.5 million over five years, and Paul needed help. He placed a call to Yankees minority partner Ed Greenwald, a prominent tax attorney in Cleveland, and together they concluded that they could make it work. Paul was vibrant when he called Flythe back. “That’s more money than we wanted to pay,” he exuded, “but we’ll do it.” NY Daily News Archive via Getty Images There was only one catch. That kind of financial outlay required the Yankees to squeeze every penny they could from the contract, and for tax purposes it made sense to put the deal on their 1974 books. That left them about 12 hours to finalize things. While Paul and Flythe made travel preparations for New York, Greenwald was already on his way to the airport in Cleveland to charter a plane to North Carolina. In the midst of the mayhem, the phone rang. It was Padres GM Buzzie Bavasi, who had just received approval from owner Ray Kroc to increase his already enormous offer, worth $4.5 million, including cash, stock, and a McDonald’s franchise. “If you come to San Diego,” he barked into the telephone, “you can write your own check.” Bavasi was informed that at that very moment Hunter was heading out the back door, to the airport and New York City. The executive raged about being used as a pawn to drive up other offers, but there was little he could do. Hunter, Kluttz, and a coterie of lawyers from Cherry’s office met Greenwald’s plane at the Suffolk Airport in Virginia, some 45 minutes away. For the duration of the flight, Greenwald, yellow legal pad in hand, drafted an addendum to the standard player’s contract, conferring with Hunter’s team every step of the way. By the time they reached New York it was 10 pages long and barely legible, owing to a bumpy trip. The document would come to be known around Yankees HQ as “the Catfish Hunter Manifesto.” Upon landing in New York at 6:00 p.m., the group sped to Paul’s office, where they pored over the details, point by point. Shortly after 7:00 p.m. Paul had a staffer schedule a news conference for 8:15. There was no indication what it was about. As the room began to fill, the two sides were still finalizing details. It seemed for a moment that the midnight deadline might come and go . . . and then it was done. A souvenir Yankees cap was propped atop Hunter’s head, and out he went, smiling, to face the crowd. That was moment that George Steinbrenner became relevant to baseball’s landscape, and that Charles O. Finley became an afterthought. Tags catfish hunter oakland a's Charlie Finley mlb free agency Dynastic Bombastic Fantastic More MLB We've Got Apps Too Get expert analysis, unrivaled access, and the award-winning storytelling only SI can provide - from Peter King, Tom Verducci, Lee Jenkins, Seth Davis, and more - delivered straight to you, along with up-to-the-minute news and live scores. App Store Google Play Easy to Read A clean presentation that helps you get everything you need to be in the know. Personalized Find the stories and scores that matter most to you. Fast Get lightning-fast scoring alerts as they happen. App Store Google Play Sports Illustrated twitter Contact Subscribe Subscribe Customer Service Site Map Advertising Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices © 2017 Time Inc. All Rights Reserved. ✕ Already a Member? Log In Email Address Enter valid email address Password Remember Me Forgot Password? Not A Member? Sign Up Now Forgot Password close Please enter your email address associated with the account so we can help reset your password.   Email Address Enter valid email address Not a Member? Sign Up Already A Member? Sign In Stay up-to-date with the latest news and scores from your favorite teams anywhere and get customized notifications, special offers and much more First Name Last Name Email Address Enter valid email address Zip Code Please enter zip code for newsletter signup Password Must be at least 6 characters and contain a number and an uppercase and lowercase letter Confirm Password Passwords must match Newsletter Sign Up SELECT ALL The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB. Weekdays In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB. Weekdays Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily From the Friendly Confines to your inbox: Everything you need to know about the Cubs. Weekly In Season From the Friendly Confines to your inbox: Everything you need to know about the Cubs. Weekly In Season By signing up, I agree to the Sports Illustrated Terms of Use. I acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy. For further information, please contact customer service at 1-888-806-4833 or write to Sports Illustrated Customer Service | Attention: Consumer Affairs | 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, FL 33612-6408. Welcome to your personalized SI You have successfully created your Sports Illustrated Account. Manage Profile Continue to SI.com My SI Settings Favorite Teams Edit You currently have no favorite teams. Favorite Reporters Edit You currently have no favorite reporters. Manage Profile Log Out close Manage Profile close Basic Info First Name Last Name Email Address Enter valid email address Change Password Current Password Enter your current password New Password Must be at least 6 characters and contain a number and an uppercase and lowercase letter Show Password Sports Illustrated treats this information with care and respect. For details, review Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Edit Favorite Teams close Remove or add teams to and from your list of favorites Teams In Your Area Add more favorite teams from the list below based on your geolocation My Teams Search Close Local Teams NFL NCAAF NBA NCAAB MLB NHL No team results found. Show League List Edit Favorite Reporters close Remove or add reporters to and from your list of favorites My Favorite Reporters Add Reporters ✕ Newsletter Sign Up The most trusted voice in sports delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up now to receive Sports Illustrated's best content, special offers and much more. Email Address Zip Code SELECT ALL The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB. Weekdays In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB. Weekdays Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily From the Friendly Confines to your inbox: Everything you need to know about the Cubs. Weekly In Season From the Friendly Confines to your inbox: Everything you need to know about the Cubs. Weekly In Season By signing up I agree to the Sports Illustrated Terms of Use. I acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from email communication at anytime. Submit For further information, please contact customer service at 1-888-806-4833 or write to Sports Illustrated Customer Service | Attention: Consumer Affairs | 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, FL 33612-6408. ✕ Success Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox to confirm your email address and start receiving newsletters.
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments50+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Volokh Conspiracy Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Justice Thomas sharply criticizes civil forfeiture laws The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Eugene Volokh By Eugene Volokh March 6 at 12:46 PM Follow @volokhc In today’s Leonard v. Texas, Justice Clarence Thomas sharply criticizes civil forfeiture laws. The one-justice opinion discusses the Supreme Court’s refusing to hear the case (a result Thomas agrees with, for procedural reasons mentioned in the last paragraph); but Thomas is sending a signal, I think, that at least one justice — and maybe more — will be sympathetic to such arguments in future cases: This petition asks an important question: whether modern civil-forfeiture statutes can be squared with the Due Process Clause and our Nation’s history…. [I.] Early in the morning on April 1, 2013, a police officer stopped James Leonard for a traffic infraction along a known drug corridor. During a search of the vehicle, the officer found a safe in the trunk. Leonard and his passenger, Nicosa Kane, gave conflicting stories about the contents of the safe, with Leonard at one point indicating that it belonged to his mother, who is the petitioner here. The officer obtained a search warrant and discovered that the safe contained $201,100 and a bill of sale for a Pennsylvania home. The State initiated civil forfeiture proceedings against the $201,100 on the ground that it was substantially connected to criminal activity, namely, narcotics sales…. Citing the suspicious circumstances of the stop and the contradictory stories provided by Leonard and Kane, the [Texas] Court of Appeals affirmed the trial court’s conclusion that the government had shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the money was either the proceeds of a drug sale or intended to be used in such a sale. It also affirmed the trial court’s rejection of petitioner’s innocent-owner defense. Petitioner had asserted that the money was not related to a drug sale at all, but was instead from a home she had recently sold in Pennsylvania. The court deemed this testimony insufficient to establish that she was in fact an innocent owner. Petitioner now challenges the constitutionality of the procedures used to adjudicate the seizure of her property. In particular, she argues that the Due Process Clause required the State to carry its burden by clear and convincing evidence rather than by a preponderance of the evidence. [II.] Modern civil forfeiture statutes are plainly designed, at least in part, to punish the owner of property used for criminal purposes. When a state wishes to punish one of its citizens, it ordinarily proceeds against the defendant personally (known as “in personam”), and in many cases it must provide the defendant with full criminal procedural protections. Nevertheless, for reasons discussed below, this Court permits prosecutors seeking forfeiture to proceed against the property (known as “in rem”) and to do so civilly. In rem proceedings often enable the government to seize the property without any predeprivation judicial process and to obtain forfeiture of the property even when the owner is personally innocent (though some statutes, including the one here, provide for an innocent-owner defense). Civil proceedings often lack certain procedural protections that accompany criminal proceedings, such as the right to a jury trial and a heightened standard of proof.. Partially as a result of this distinct legal regime, civil forfeiture has in recent decades become widespread and highly profitable. See, e.g., Institute for Justice, D. Carpenter, L. Knepper, A. Erickson, & J. McDonald, Policing for Profit: The Abuse of Civil Asset Forfeiture 10 (2d ed. Nov. 2015) (Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund took in $4.5 billion in 2014 alone). And because the law enforcement entity responsible for seizing the property often keeps it, these entities have strong incentives to pursue forfeiture. This system — where police can seize property with limited judicial oversight and retain it for their own use — has led to egregious and well-chronicled abuses. According to one nationally publicized report, for example, police in the town of Tenaha, Texas, regularly seized the property of out-of-town drivers passing through and collaborated with the district attorney to coerce them into signing waivers of their property rights. In one case, local officials threatened to file unsubstantiated felony charges against a Latino driver and his girlfriend and to place their children in foster care unless they signed a waiver. In another, they seized a black plant worker’s car and all his property (including cash he planned to use for dental work), jailed him for a night, forced him to sign away his property, and then released him on the side of the road without a phone or money. He was forced to walk to a Wal-Mart, where he borrowed a stranger’s phone to call his mother, who had to rent a car to pick him up. These forfeiture operations frequently target the poor and other groups least able to defend their interests in forfeiture proceedings. Perversely, these same groups are often the most burdened by forfeiture. They are more likely to use cash than alternative forms of payment, like credit cards, which may be less susceptible to forfeiture. And they are more likely to suffer in their daily lives while they litigate for the return of a critical item of property, such as a car or a home. [III.] The Court has justified its unique constitutional treatment of civil forfeiture largely by reference to a discrete historical practice that existed at the time of the founding. “‘English Law provided for statutory forfeitures of offending objects used in violation of the customs and revenue laws.’” This practice “took hold in the United States,” where the “First Congress passed laws subjecting ships and cargos involved in customs offenses to forfeiture.” Other early statutes also provided for the forfeiture of pirate ships. These early statutes permitted the government to proceed in rem under the fiction that the thing itself, rather than the owner, was guilty of the crime. And, because these suits were in rem rather than in personam, they typically proceeded civilly rather than criminally. In the absence of this historical practice, the Constitution presumably would require the Court to align its distinct doctrine governing civil forfeiture with its doctrines governing other forms of punitive state action and property deprivation. I am skeptical that this historical practice is capable of sustaining, as a constitutional matter, the contours of modern practice, for two reasons. First, historical forfeiture laws were narrower in most respects than modern ones. Most obviously, they were limited to a few specific subject matters, such as customs and piracy. Proceeding in rem in those cases was often justified by necessity, because the party responsible for the crime was frequently located overseas and thus beyond the personal jurisdiction of United States courts. See Herpel, Toward a Constitutional Kleptocracy: Civil Forfeiture in America, 96 Mich. L. Rev. 1910 (1998). These laws were also narrower with respect to the type of property they encompassed. For example, they typically covered only the instrumentalities of the crime (such as the vessel used to transport the goods), not the derivative proceeds of the crime (such as property purchased with money from the sale of the illegal goods). Second, it is unclear whether courts historically permitted forfeiture actions to proceed civilly in all respects. Some of this Court’s early cases suggested that forfeiture actions were in the nature of criminal proceedings. Whether forfeiture is characterized as civil or criminal carries important implications for a variety of procedural protections, including the right to a jury trial and the proper standard of proof. Indeed, as relevant in this case, there is some evidence that the government was historically required to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt. [IV.] Unfortunately, petitioner raises her due process arguments for the first time in this Court. As a result, the Texas Court of Appeals lacked the opportunity to address them in the first instance. I therefore concur in the denial of certiorari. Whether this Court’s treatment of the broad modern forfeiture practice can be justified by the narrow historical one is certainly worthy of consideration in greater detail. Very interesting. Congratulations, by the way, to some authors whose works were cited by Thomas: (1) Dick M. Carpenter II, Lisa Knepper, Angela C. Erickson, and Jennifer McDonald of the Institute of Justice, one of the public interest law firms that I most respect, and (2) Stefan B. Herpel, a rare example of a non-academic practicing lawyer whose law review article gets cited by a Supreme Court justice’s opinion. opinions volokh-conspiracy Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters opinions volokh-conspiracy Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 50+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email TOP STORIES House GOP unveils health plan that replaces subsidies with tax credits The Republican proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act would offer income-based aid to help Americans afford health coverage, an approach the party had long criticized. It would scrap a penalty for the uninsured but allow insurers to impose a surcharge for those who have a gap between health plans. By Amy Goldstein, Mike DeBonis and Kelsey Snell 6 hours ago White House aides struggle to defend Trump’s wiretap claim Days after President Trump’s unfounded allegation that former president Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower, the normally media-hungry White House went largely dark. While several officials gave TV interviews, press secretary Sean Spicer did not allow cameras into his daily briefing and Trump signed his revamped travel ban in private. By Ashley Parker and Jenna Johnson 8 hours ago Sessions insists he was ‘correct’ to deny speaking with Russians during campaign The attorney general said he did not tell lawmakers sooner about meetings with the Russian ambassador because he thought he had fully answered a question he was asked at his confirmation hearing. By Matt Zapotosky 10 hours ago Senate Democrats to grill Justice nominee on Russia investigation Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys. (Marvin Joseph/The Post) How ‘The Americans’ stars learned to love their characters’ chilly fates Viewers of the FX drama that returns Tuesday night for its penultimate season know that things are going to get messy for co-stars Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys, who portray covert Russian spies Elizabeth and Phillip, and perhaps for viewers themselves who have warmed to the complicated Cold War couple despite the fact that they’re “the enemy.” By Hank Stuever 4 days ago North Korea bans Malaysians from leaving country in sharp escalation after killing of Kim Jong Nam Malaysia’s prime minister accused North Korea of “effectively holding our citizens hostage” and responded to the exit ban in kind, saying North Korean diplomats would not be allowed to leave Malaysia. By Anna Fifield 4 hours ago North Korea says it was practicing to hit U.S. bases in Japan with missiles Citing missile threat, U.S. deploys defensive system to South Korea Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 51 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Sessions updates testimony to Congress, insists he was ‘correct’ to say he had no communication with Russians in campaign 2 Reza Aslan, host of CNN’s ‘Believer,’ catches grief for showcasing religious cannibals in India 3 Why are pandas black and white? California biologists have a new theory. 4 Thousands of ICE detainees claim they were forced into labor, a violation of anti-slavery laws 5 Twins, 97, died just outside a house after they fell and lay in the cold for hours, police say Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions volokh-conspiracy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Research * Marketing * More Tags... Industry News * Marketing * More Industries... News By Location * Columbus   Ohio   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Aimpoint Announces New Director of Research for Columbus, Ohio Office     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Research * Marketing Industry: * Marketing Location: * Columbus - Ohio - US Subject: * ExecutivesCOLUMBUS, Ohio - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- Aimpoint Research, a global leader in the market research industry, has announced the appointment of John Huffman as the Director of Research for their Columbus, Ohio research center. In this role, Huffman will lead teams of researchers and analysts in the execution of multi-disciplinary market research throughout North America. He will also oversee the day-to-day operations of the on-site call center and focus group facilities. Huffman has over 20 years' experience in market research and competitive intelligence and was most recently the Director of Customer Insights for Hertz Global. "We are very excited to have John leading our Columbus research teams, said Brett Sciotto, President and CEO of Aimpoint Research. His vast experience, knowledge and expertise will be invaluable as we expand our global capabilities and continue to provide our clients with innovative research that yields the critical insights they require to achieve their goals and maintain a competitive advantage." A former Military Intelligence soldier and Army veteran, Huffman began his research career working in higher education and has since held senior management positions in market research for major corporations and organizations including Walmart, Nielsen, U.S. Postal Service and Bank of America. Huffman has a master's degree in political science with an emphasis in public policy analysis and research methodology from Florida State University and a bachelor's degree in communication from the University of South Florida. About Aimpoint Research Aimpoint Research is a global, multi-disciplinary marketing research firm providing the insight leaders require to make better, more informed decisions that reduce risk, optimize resources and maximize success.  ­Aimpoint blends best practices from military intelligence disciplines with those of the civilian market research industry to provide unprecedented insight into the minds of those who most impact their clients' success and help them channel that knowledge into successful organizational strategies. For more information, please visit http://www.aimpointresearch.com/ Contact Information Missy Graham missygraham@aimpointresearch.com Contact Missy Graham ***@aimpointresearch.com End Source : Aimpoint Research Email : ***@aimpointresearch.com Tags : Research, Marketing Industry : Marketing Location : Columbus - Ohio - United States Subject : Executives Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Aimpoint Research News Aimpoint Research Appoints New Director of Marketing and Communications Trending Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine North Florida Land Trust urges legislators to do the right thing and properly fund land conservation Income& Named a Finalist in First Annual LendIt Awards One Thousand Dollar Scholarship Available CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® at Philly's Kawaii Kitty Café Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Toggle Subscribe Search Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness 21 Under 21 Toggle Close Submit Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Food Strawberry Nut M&M's Are the Newest M&M Flavor Perfect for all the times you can't afford chocolate-covered strawberries. Sophie HirshMar 6, 2017 11:40AM EST Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestComposite. Cathy Scola/Getty Creative Your favorite easy-to-eat, salty-and-sweet chocolate candies, AKA Peanut M&M's, now have a new twist. Consumers have recently seen a new flavor of the candy, Strawberry Nut M&M's, popping up in stores. The candy is a spin on good ol' Peanut M&M's with an added strawberry taste — kind of like your favorite classic childhood sandwich, the PB &J, in candy form. Could you ask for anything more? Several foodies have been sharing images of Strawberry Nut M&M's on shelves. While Mars has not yet confirmed the candy's release to Teen Vogue, customers have claimed they have snagged the treat in both Walmart and Rite Aid. And luckily for sugar lovers, the team at food blog the Impulsive Buy got their hands on a package and shared all the deets. "With Strawberry Nut you get red for the outside of the strawberry, pink for the inside, and green for the stem. Way to sneak in there, Green," they wrote. Sayonara, blue, yellow, orange, and brown. The bloggers also reported good things about the new flavor's taste but claimed the strawberry flavor wasn't very strong. "I'm torn of what I thought of the strawberry flavor here. On one hand, it wasn’t very powerful, so while tossing back a few at a time, it started to taste like I was eating normal Peanut M&M's. On the other hand, if they did go overboard with the strawberry, it would have been way too sweet and artificial tasting," the Impulsive Buy explained. "I guess I’ll never know. I found the strawberry to be quite subtle. It was noticeable, but don’t expect too much." This isn't the candy brand's first foray into flavored M&M's. Early last year, M&M's released Strawberry Shortcake M&M's, which were white chocolate M&M's with strawberry flavors. Since then, M&M's has conducted a peanut flavor contest, where customers could vote between Chili Nut, Coffee Nut, and Honey Nut, with Coffee Nut coming out on top. The brand also offered yummy BOO-terscotch (AKA butterscotch) M&M's this past Halloween. Check a few photos of the Strawberry Nut M&M's, below. Loading View on Instagram Loading View on Instagram Related: How to Make Chocolate Penguins With Oreos and M&M's follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. Related My LifeCaramel M&M’s Are Officially Coming My LifeDunkin’ Donuts Is Now Making Their Whipped Cream Sa… My LifePeeps Oreos Are Officially a Thing
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 07, 4:22 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & CultureEntertainment How To Get Travis Scott ‘Bird's Eye View’ 2017 Tour Tickets: US Concert Dates, Pre–Sale Information Revealed By Nicholas Mojica On 03/06/17 AT 12:30 PM Close After teasing fans yesterday with the announcement of a tour, rapper Travis Scott took to Twitter on Monday to reveal the dates and ticketing information. Titled the “Bird’s Eye View Tour,” the “Goosebumps” rapper will be hitting 20 cities starting on April 27, including New York, Charlotte, Houston and Cleveland. Announced as phase one, the first leg will run until June 2 when Scott performs in Eugene, Oregon. Pre-sale tickets are currently on sale now until March 7 while general public tickets will go on sale March 8 at 10 a.m. The rapper also gave his fans a chance to grab tickets early by tweeting out the pre-sale code “BIRDS.” Check out Travis Scott’s U.S. tour dates below: April 27 – Wallingford, Connecticut – Oakdale April 30 – New York, New York – Terminal 5 May 2 – Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania – Stage AE May 4 – Portsmouth, Virginia – Portsmouth Pavilion May 5 – Charlotte, North Carolina – Metro Credit Union May 6 – St. Augustine, Florida – St. Augustine Amphitheater May 11 – Houston, Texas – Revention May 12 – Oklahoma City, Oklahoma – Criterion May 13 – Rogers, Arkansas – Walmart Amphitheater May 15 – Kansas City, Missouri – Uptown Theater May 17 – St. Louis, Missouri – Pageant May 18 – Milwaukee, Wisconsin – The Eagles Ballroom May 19 – Grand Rapids, Michigan – 20 Monroe Live May 21 – Cleveland, Ohio – Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica May 24 – Indianapolis, Indiana – Farmers Bureau May 25 – Cincinnati, Ohio – PNC Pavilion May 27 – Des Moines, Iowa – 7 Flags May 31 – Salt Lake City, Utah – The Complex June 1 – Boise, Idaho – Revolution Center June 2 – Eugene, Oregon – Cuthbert Amphitheater In 2016, Travis Scott released his second studio album, “Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight,” which went on to sell over 500,000 copies and was certified gold. Backed by the singles “Pick Up the Phone” and “Goosebumps,” the project is the rapper’s second gold album. The 24-year-old embarked on his first tour in 2015 to support his album, “Rodeo,” and explained the difference of headlining versus being the opening act in an interview with XXL. “I feel like I pop out more,” he said. “I’m seeing like, real reactions and it’s crazy. You know, I’ve always been on those tours, The Weeknd and Rihanna. It’s kinda like a mix of fans. So, when I finally did my own tour... It’s kind of dope.” The dates for Travis Scott’s “Bird’s Eye View Tour” have been revealed. Pictured: Travis Scott on Feb. 12, 2015 in New York. Photo: Getty Images Related Stories Big Sean Announces US Tour Dates, How To Get Tickets How To Get Tickets To Lil Wayne’s 2017 Kloser 2 U Tour How To Get Tickets To Ruff Ryders Reunion Show Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Markets Dip On Wiretap Accusations, Geopolitical Worries Tensions in Asia and President Donald Trump's accusation that his predecessor, Barack Obama, wiretapped him, prompted a dip in the stock market on Monday. Technology Pokémon Go Fatality: 67-Year-Old Dies While Playing Game Singapore resident Liang Weiming, a Level 28 Pokémon trainer having a Pokédex containing 200 Pokémon died seconds after he caught a Lapras in the game. World Malaysia Slams North Korea Over Temporary Travel Ban Early Monday, Pyongyang barred Malaysians from leaving the country in order to ensure the safety of its own diplomats and citizens in Malaysia. National Lexington Mosque Receives Bomb Threat Letter A mosque in Lexington, Kentucky, is beefing up security measures after it received a handwritten letter Saturday from England. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News From Popular Fragrances To Unscented Options, Fresh Step® Has A Variety Of Litter For Every Cat Lover OAKLAND, Calif., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fresh Step® Litter is committed to providing a superior odor-eliminating litter to meet cat and cat owners’ needs and preferences. Designed with health and happiness for both in mind, Fresh Step will debut its latest product innovations in early 2017. Cat owners can now purchase Fresh Step’s superior odor-eliminating litter, which offers options ranging from popular fragrances – like new Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent – to unscented that meet consumer’s individual preferences. Fresh Step also has new packaging for larger sizes to make it easier to carry, pour and store litter. „We understand every cat lover has a unique aesthetic and scent preference for their home, which prompted us to create new innovations that would speak to each different style,” said Fresh Step Brand Manager, Jennifer Schneider. Fresh Step® with the power of Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent Fresh Step introduces Fresh Step® with the power of Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent, with a fresh, tropical scent – combining the strength of Fresh Step® partnered with the power of Febreze®. By eliminating the strongest litter box odors with a tough odor-eliminating formula, it leaves behind a light tropical scent. Fresh Step® with the power of Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent brings a popular, consumer-desired, in-home scent to the litter box as the newest product in the Fresh Step® with the power of Febreze® family. Fresh Step® Unscented For those who prefer no scent at all, Fresh Step is revamping its Unscented line and will release new product offerings in Spring 2017. Fresh Step consumers can rest assured they are choosing an unscented litter that meets their needs to eliminate the strongest litter box odors. Fresh Step Unscented litter provides Superior Unscented Odor Control with 10-day bacterial odor protection. Fresh Step® Compact Packs Fresh Step will also debut revolutionary easy-to-handle Compact Packs, which feature the equivalent of a 34 or 38 lb. box packaged in four smaller packs designed to make the litter experience more convenient and easier to carry, pour and store. The new, convenient Compact Packs are more portable for transport from the store to home, better designed to store in and around the home, and easier to pour into the litter box – removing the awkwardness of carrying and storing regular litter. Fresh Step® Paw Points® Rewards Program Want to start earning points for free Fresh Step litter, coupons, toys and even help your local shelter? Join the free Fresh Step Paw Points Rewards program now at FreshStep.com. You can also download the new Paw Points Rewards app by visiting the Apple App Store or Google Play to earn 50 points. The free, fun and cat approved app also makes it easy to donate points to your local shelter so they can receive free litter, toys and more. To celebrate the new power of Febreze® Hawaiian Aloha™ scent, consumers can win a trip to Hawaii by downloading the Fresh Step Paw Points mobile app and opting into the sweepstakes for a chance to win from (February 28, 2017 to April 24, 2017*). Earn an additional entry each day with repeat visits to the app! Visit FreshStep.com for details. All Fresh Step products support the brand’s mission to make the world a more welcoming place for cats and their people from helping every cat find a forever home to eliminating litter box odors and keeping your home smelling like your home. The products are available at Walmart, Target, your favorite grocery store, PetSmart, and other local pet retailers. For more information on the new products, visit FreshStep.com. FEBREZE is a trademark of The Procter & Gamble Company, Cincinnati, Ohio used under license by The Clorox Pet Products Company. *NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Legal residents of the 50 United States (D.C.) 18 years and older and members of the Fresh Step® Paw Points® Rewards Program at the time of entry.  Ends 4/24/17. To enter and for Official Rules, including odds, alternate method of entry, and prize descriptions, visit https://freshstep.promo.eprize.com/pawpoints/display_page?page=rules#aloha_sweeps. Void where prohibited. The Clorox Company The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX) is a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products with about 7,700 employees worldwide and fiscal year 2015 sales of $5.7 billion. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized consumer brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning products; Liquid Plumr® clog removers; Poett® home care products; Fresh Step® cat litter; Glad® bags, wraps and containers; Kingsford® charcoal; Hidden Valley® dressings and sauces; Brita® water-filtration products; Burt’s Bees® natural personal care products; and Renew Life® digestive health products. The company also markets brands for professional services, including Clorox Healthcare® and Clorox Commercial Solutions®. More than 80 percent of the company’s sales are generated from brands that hold the No. 1 or No. 2 market share positions in their categories. Clorox is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact, a community of global leaders committed to sustainability. The company also has been broadly recognized for its corporate responsibility efforts, most notably receiving two Climate Leadership Awards for Excellence in 2015 and a Safer Choice Partner of the Year Award in 2016 from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as well as being named to CR Magazine’s 2016 Best Corporate Citizens list and included in the 2016 Newsweek Green Rankings. The Clorox Company and The Clorox Company Foundation contributed approximately $15 million in combined cash grants, product donations, cause marketing and employee volunteerism in the past fiscal year. For more information, visit TheCloroxCompany.com, the CR Matters Blog and follow the company on Twitter at @CloroxCo. NYSE: CLX CLX-B   SOURCE Fresh Step CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnimals & Pets, Companies, company, Health, Home and Garden, Legal, Markets, New Products & Services, win, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Biomerics Announces The Creation Of Biomerics Advanced Extrusion Division Next PostNext Freckle IoT Partners with LiveRamp to Bring In-Store 1st Party Data Segments to the Marketing Ecosystem Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch Interest rates seen rising soon, and other MoneyWa... CBS Evening News Trump wiretap tweets timeline CBS Evening News Trump tweets strain intel community CBS Evening News Travel ban 2.0 CBS Evening News Republican healthcare plan CBS Evening News Liberating western Mosul CBS Evening News North Korea missile test CBS Evening News Philly sugar tax costing jobs CBS Evening News Climate diaries: Killer whales Sunday Morning Paying the price for infrastructure CBS Evening News Suspected chemical attack Sunday Morning A basketball star's unlikely rise Sunday Morning Almanac: Hypnotism CBS Evening News Mosul family reunites CBS This Morning Tourists help Antarctica research CBSN Pence defends private email Money Costco hikes membership fees for first time in 6 years Money It cost 1.5 cents to make a penny last year Money 5 things women can teach men about investing Money 4 keys for negotiating a better college aid offer Money Don't make yourself a target for an IRS audit Money How your drug plan co-pay can cost you money Money These Americans suffer from the most overdue medical debt Money The big hit that comes after a car accident Money Fewer IRS audits doesn't mean you're home free Money Don't lose your passport over unpaid back taxes Money How to land scholarships few people know about Money U.S. home prices continue upward surge By Irina Ivanova MoneyWatch March 6, 2017, 11:42 AM Costco raising membership fees for the first time in 6 years Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Costco (COST) is raising its membership fees $5 starting June 1, the retailer announced while reporting lower-than-expected sales in its latest quarterly filing. A Gold Star membership will cost $60 annually, up from $55, the retailer said. An Executive membership, which comes with an annual 2 percent reward and some additional discounts, will increase to $120, from $110 currently. The company is also increasing the maximum reward executive members can get to $1,000 a year, from $750 currently. The fee hikes will impact around 35 million members, Costco estimated.  Costco is the second-largest retailer in the U.S., behind Walmart (WMT), with 508 warehouses in the U.S. and 94 in Canada. The retailer posted $29.8 billion in sales in the past quarter, below Wall Street estimates of $29.9 billion. Costco shares closed 5 percent lower Friday, and were trading at $167.47 Monday morning -- a drop of 6.6 percent below the Thursday close. The last time the retailer hiked membership rates was in fall 2011. About 74 percent of Costco’s operating income last year came from those fees, according to the company. But it’s unclear how helpful the fee increase will be to Costco’s bottom line. Dropping commodity food prices are driving increased competition for shoppers’ dollars, and the growth of low-cost grocery stores like Aldi in the U.S. is putting pressure on the bigger chains to keep up. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Fallout over Philadelphia's soda tax bubbles up What happens when the only health insurer exits? ExxonMobil touts $20B spend on Gulf Coast facilities The Brawny man is now, temporarily, a woman Bird flu strikes Tyson chicken supplier Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 9 ways drones are changing real estate 9 jobs with the oldest American workers The 11 toughest states for first-time home buyers 10 homes you can buy for $1 million 5 CEOs whose worth has skyrocketed since the election Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Business Impact The World’s Largest Shipping Company Trials Blockchain to Track Cargo What links flowers, mandarin oranges, and pineapples? They’re all neatly recorded on Maersk’s new digital shipping ledger. by Jamie Condliffe March 6, 2017 Moving millions of gigantic metal boxes around the world is hard work—but circumnavigating the associated paperwork can be even harder. So the world’s largest shipping company has been trialing how it can make use of the digital technology behind the world’s most notorious cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, to make it a little easier. Recommended for You AI’s PR Problem Amazon’s $150 Million Typo Is a Lightning Rod for a Big Cloud Problem Moscow Billboard Targets Ads Based on the Car You’re Driving How Google Street View Images Reveal the Demographic Makeup of the U.S. The Department of Defense Wants to Double Down on Renewables Bitcoin is built on what's called the blockchain: a digital ledger where each line is recorded based on the previous one using cryptographic techniques, making it almost impossible to modify at a later date. The ledger isn’t stored centrally, and multiple parties can agree by consensus that the details contained within it are accurate—which means that it's in everyone's interest to keep it so. That makes it perfect for recording financial transactions, but also doing plenty else, too. The shipping company Maersk has now announced that it has been working with IBM to use the blockchain to keep track of shipments as they’re hauled across the seas. This isn’t the company keeping track of the metal boxes themselves, but rather their contents. The company claims that a single container being hauled from East Africa to Europe might require paperwork to be dealt with by as many as 30 different people, spread across 200 or more interactions. So with IBM it’s built a tool based on blockchain that allows every participant in a supply chain to see the progress of a shipment, including where the container is and the status of its documents. The hope: shippers reduce the weight of paperwork that needs to be done, while customs officials and clients can see where goods are at all times. So far, shipments of flowers from Kenya, mandarin oranges from California, and pineapples from Colombia have all been tracked using the tool as they flowed into the port of Rotterdam in the Netherlands. Maersk isn’t alone in using the blockchain to keep track of stuff. As the New York Times points out in a long piece describing IBM’s foray into blockchain, Big Blue is working with 400 different organizations to apply the technology to different situations. That includes Wal-Mart, which announced last year that it was using blockchain to record and log the origins of produce in order to improve health and safety standards. IBM is clearly looking to assert its control as a blockchain force to be reckoned with, but others will snap at its heels. Microsoft is already working on the technology, and its open nature means that it’s already being used by smaller upstarts to do everything from build cryptocurrencies for the world of corporate finance to make a more private Internet. One thing is clear: there's certainly more to blockchain than Bitcoin. (Read more: New York Times, “Why Bitcoin Could Be Much More Than a Currency,” “A Bitcoin-Style Currency for Central Banks,” “Microsoft Bets That Bitcoin-Style Blockchains Will Be Big Business”) Learn More and Register for The Business of Blockchain Register now Tagged shipping, blockchain Credit Photograph by Loic Venance | Getty Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You AI’s PR Problem Amazon’s $150 Million Typo Is a Lightning Rod for a Big Cloud Problem Moscow Billboard Targets Ads Based on the Car You’re Driving How Google Street View Images Reveal the Demographic Makeup of the U.S. The Department of Defense Wants to Double Down on Renewables More from Business Impact How technology advances are changing the economy and providing new opportunities in many industries. Hailing a Different Ride in Austin Following a bruising political battle, Uber and Lyft pulled out of Austin, Texas, making room for new forms of ride-sharing. by Dan Solomon MIT Technology Review Custom Content Showcase Working closely with clients, our expert custom-editorial staff develops a range of high-quality, relevant content, delivering it to users when and where they want it—in digital, print, online, and in-person experiences. Everything is customized to fit clients’ content marketing goals and position them as thought leaders aligned with the authority on technology that matters. by MIT Technology Review Custom Tech CEO Space Race Intensifies Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, and Richard Branson have all announced new plans this week that could ultimately make them an extraterrestrial income. by Jamie Condliffe More from Business Impact From Our Advertisers Sponsored by IBM Digital Consequences in partnership with SAP AI is the New Black Provided by BBVA The Next Step in Finance: Exponential Banking Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Basic. Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies The Internet’s ‘Too Big Too Fail’ Companies The Internet’s ‘Too Big Too Fail’ Amazon outage shows risk of cloud computing oligopoly By Fan Yu, Epoch Times | March 6, 2017 AT 11:19 AM Last Updated: March 6, 2017 11:19 am The cloud computing pavilion of Amazon Web Services at the 2016 CeBIT digital technology trade fair on March 14, 2016 in Hanover, Germany. Its service outage at the end of February affected many companies. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images) An accidental typo by an Amazon employee took down a large swath of the internet on Feb. 28. Some websites reported extremely slow load times and others failed to load completely. Service delays and outages were reported across a broad spectrum of web-based companies, such as online payments app Venmo, retailer Target, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and—somewhat ironically—Down Detector, the website that tracks internet service outages. It turned out Amazon Web Services (AWS), the widely used cloud computing and hosting arm of internet giant Amazon Inc. was the reason for the problem. The service disruption was a rude awakening for companies embracing the recent trend of moving IT infrastructure to the cloud. It shows the cloud has many benefits, but also risks. A lengthy and technical mea culpa published by Amazon describes the error was caused by technicians aiming to fix an issue within the billing system for AWS’s Simple Storage Service (S3). Engineers needed to take down a small number of servers, but a wrong command was accidentally entered which took down far more servers—some of which were critical to the infrastructure of major websites. So a typo caused major websites to crash. The error and service outage affected AWS’s Virginia operations, which host data centers for many companies located in the Eastern United States. The issue lasted around four hours from initial failure to full recovery on Feb. 28. Lost Retail Sales There’s no concrete data to estimate revenues lost due to the outage, but the amount should be in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Cyence, a startup that tracks the economic impact of cyber risks and attacks, estimates the outage cost S&P 500 companies $150 million in lost revenues, according to a Wall Street Journal report. It was unclear what data sources Cyence used to estimate the impact. But numerous e-commerce retailers experienced significant slowdowns and outages. More than half of the major U.S. e-retailers tracked by Apica Systems, a provider that monitors cloud and mobile application performance, were impacted by last week’s AWS outage. Fifty-four out of the 100 e-retailers in Apica’s 100 Web Performance Cyber Monday Index were negatively affected, marked by a 20 percent or more decrease in website performance. Three sites—Lululemon, Express, and One Kings Lane—were completely unavailable. The biggest delays in load times were experienced by the Disney Store, a whopping 1,165 percent delay, or 10 times the usual wait.  Load times (in milliseconds) of The Disney Store’s website on Feb. 28 during an outage of Amazon’s S3 service. (Source: Apica Systems) Concentration Risk The human error which caused the outage seems rather trivial, and will probably repeat in the future. And the impact on consumers is significant due to AWS’s massive size. Amazon’s cloud service provider is the industry leader. Its global revenue market share of 40 percent as of the fourth quarter of 2016 is bigger than the next three competitors Microsoft, Google, and IBM combined according to Synergy Research Group. AWS is the leader in so-called Infrastructure as a Service (commonly known as IaaS), which provides companies with remote data centers, storage, and networking that can augment or completely replace onsite data center infrastructure. AWS’s S3 serves as the outsourced backbone of 152,123 websites across the globe storing trillions of files, videos, and photos on behalf of websites, according to online business intelligence company SimilarTech. Among AWS’s biggest clients are household names such as Netflix, Quora, Github, Business Insider, Walmart, and Costco. Amazon has become technology’s equivalent of ‘too big to fail.’ The industry trend encourages companies to move their infrastructure to the cloud. Cloud computing providers argue remote hosting allows companies to shift resources and attention to running their business, away from the onerous planning, managing, and upgrading of technology infrastructure. The cloud can also scale to fit business needs. According to IBM’s cloud computing website, “Users can scale services to fit their needs, customize applications, and access cloud services from anywhere with an Internet connection.” But for all of the convenience and flexibility, there’s a risk to consumers and the economy: The concentration of vital technology infrastructure for many websites in the hands of a few cloud computing firms. Without cloud computing, the failure of a company’s servers affects only the company itself. But since so many companies rely on Amazon, an outage at AWS means an entire portion of the internet goes dark. With a 40 percent global market share in the cloud, Amazon has become technology’s equivalent of “too big to fail,” and a systemically important entity to the internet. What Can Companies Do? The outage was an isolated accident and doesn’t represent the quality of AWS’s service. A similar human error could happen at other cloud computing service providers. But a widely held belief by investors to decrease risk by diversifying providers and geography could be useful for website operators. The AWS failure occurred at Amazon’s massive “US East-1” data center in Virginia. Customers with data stored in AWS’s three other centers, located elsewhere in the United States, were untouched. For example, Netflix, which utilizes AWS’s West Coast data center, was completely unaffected. Companies that spread data amongst multiple AWS data centers were also largely unaffected by the Feb. 28 outage. But the additional security could be costly. Putting some applications on one provider and others on a competitor also strains IT departments, which have to familiarize themselves with different technologies. “Splitting cloud capacity between two vendors, for example, also cuts volume discounts in half,” writes Clint Boulton in an analysis for CIO Magazine. The Impact On Amazon’s Bottom Line Since last week’s AWS outage, Amazon’s competitors have increased their marketing efforts. Microsoft’s cloud platform Azure, for example, has been touting its global footprint—there are “39 Azure regions, more than any cloud provider,” according to its website. On March 1, Microsoft publicized its “Azure Stack” technology for on-premises servers which allows clients to store a cloud computing platform on their own local servers. Whether competitors can dent AWS’s dominance remains to be seen. But any market share loss at AWS could be destructive to Amazon’s bottom line. AWS generated $3.5 billion of revenues for Amazon in the fourth quarter 2016, which accounted for around 9 percent of the internet giant’s total revenues. While that’s small compared to the rest of the company, AWS is a key growth driver for the company—year-over-year growth was 47 percent for AWS. Amazon’s AWS revenues and annual growth. (Credit Suisse) Cloud computing is critical to the company’s bottom line—AWS is Amazon’s most profitable business and a big contributor to its high stock valuation multiple (165x forward earnings). For the full-year 2016, operating income for AWS was $3.1 billion, which makes up 74 percent the company’s overall operating margin of $4.2 billion. Put differently, 9 percent of Amazon’s revenues generated almost three-quarters of its gross profits. AWS subsidizes the rest of Amazon’s business. It has a 25 percent profit margin, while the remainder of Amazon’s business (ex-AWS) only has a 1 percent profit margin. Read More Amazon Cloud Storage Failure Causes Widespread Disruption The Tax Loophole Behind Amazon’s Rapid Growth Editor’s Picks Neuromarketing in the Age of iPhones How Communism Stifles Innovation Sanctuary Policies Shield Convicted Criminals From Feds Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesUber Deploys Secret Weapon Against Undercover RegulatorsCostco Raises Membership Fees, Misses Earnings ForecastsHigh School Makes $24 Million From Snap IPOSnapchat Parent Rockets Higher in Wall Street Debut Latest in Business Markets Small Business Marketing: Moms and Technology Markets Deutsche Bank Plans $8.45 Billion Capital Increase Companies Uber Deploys Secret Weapon Against Undercover Regulators Companies Costco Raises Membership Fees, Misses Earnings Forecasts Companies High School Makes $24 Million From Snap IPO Economies Small States Are Beautiful Companies Snapchat Parent Rockets Higher in Wall Street Debut Economies The Economic Numbers Conundrum Markets How Hedge Funds Use Twitter to Gain an Edge in Trading × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
null
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email Food Stamps and the Weakened Safety Net In Alabama, cuts to SNAP leave charity as the last resort. by Max Rose March 6, 2017 Economy Stuart Seegar/Flickr The Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery, Alabama. The state legislature is poised to revoke basic food assistance from 7,000 of its residents later this year. Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email Gilbertown is the most generous place in America, says Mayor Billy C. May. “Everybody kind of works together to help people who need it,” he said. Deep in the Black Belt of Alabama, in Choctaw County, Gilbertown has a population of about 200 people. May knows most of them. “If the whole United States was like Choctaw and especially Gilbertown, Alabama, this would be a great nation,” he said. “We get along as a people, associate with one another, and hug one another’s neck,” said May, using a Southern expression meaning to display one’s affection. Five years ago, May and his wife joined with another couple from the Baptist church to launch a food pantry. He funded the opening, and runs the pantry from a small shopping center in town. In April, the State of Alabama will further test May’s generosity: seven thousand adults, including 309 in Choctaw County, will lose eligibility for basic food assistance. Those adults will join an estimated one million people nationwide, 35,000 of them in Alabama, who lost benefits in the last year because of renewed enforcement of a law that requires adults without children to work to receive food assistance. Conservatives cite the law, a provision of 1996 welfare reform, as a model for requiring work and empowering local efforts to fight poverty at the expense of federal bureaucrats. However, the implementation in Alabama—and across the country—shows that political ideology has made food access for the poor increasingly tenuous while undermining the very local leaders it’s intended to help. “A lot of the time we’re talking about disabled folks, homeless folks—it’s very hard to reach them,” said Laura Lester, Executive Director of the Alabama Food Bank Association. “That’s what’s so heartbreaking.” Over the last fifty years, the public dialogue about low-income Americans has become increasingly characterized by stinginess, focusing on poor people as lazy or cheating, even as a large portion of recipients of public assistance work. The public policy followed. In 1996, the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act decimated cash assistance: Aid to Families with Dependent Children was reformed into Temporary Aid for Needy Families, tightening eligibility and requiring that recipients work. One controversial provision, included by then-Rep. John Kasich (R-OH) and Rep. Rob Ney (R-OH), altered the Supplementary Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), then known as food stamps. It limited childless adults under the age of 50 to three months of assistance over a three-year period, unless they study or work for more than 20 hours per week. That means that even those childless adults who temporarily lose employment, or work part time, have time-limited eligibility for food assistance. Most of these adults cycle in and out of work. Others have undiagnosed health issues, or criminal records that make finding employment difficult, according to the limited available data. “A lot of the time we’re talking about disabled folks, homeless folks—it’s very hard to reach them,” said Laura Lester, Executive Director of the Alabama Food Bank Association. “That’s what’s so heartbreaking.” Between 2009 and 2015, the Obama administration effectively suspended the work requirements, when the recession made it even more difficult for these childless adults to find work. The administration tied the return of work requirement to the economic recovery. With decreasing unemployment rates, most states lost eligibility for statewide waivers. The states could request exemptions to the work requirements using five criteria, most related to the unemployment rate. In places with few available jobs, people should not be punished for their inability to find jobs, the rule suggests. While the national unemployment rate has plummeted to below five percent, Alabama has recovered more slowly.Last year, Alabama received waivers for 13 of approximately 20 eligible counties. In the counties without waivers, 35,000 people lost food assistance. Alabama knows little about where those people have gone for food. “We wouldn’t have any way of knowing what happened with them,” said Barry Spear, the spokesman for Alabama’s Department of Human Resources, which administers SNAP in the state. While the national unemployment rate has plummeted to below five percent, Alabama has recovered more slowly. The unemployment rate hovers near 6 percent, with much higher levels in rural communities. This year, the state could have requested waivers for at least 34 counties. Instead, the state legislature brought pressure on the executive branch to cut off all adults without children. State Senator Arthur Orr introduced legislation that would have prohibited the state from requesting additional waivers. While the bill did not pass, state officials went from requesting waivers in 13 counties in 2016 to none for 2017. At the beginning of the year, the state sent letters to 7,000 SNAP recipients letters describing the conditions under which they can continue to receive food benefits. On April 1, the state will take away food benefits from any of the 7,000 who fail to meet the requirements. That includes people in Choctaw County, where the unemployment rate is nearly nine percent. Only one paper mill remains from an economy once anchored by textiles. “We live in the heart of the poorest part of Alabama,” said Mayor May, who was born in the county. And Choctaw County is better off than its neighbors. In nearby Wilcox County, the unemployment rate is 15.6 percent. In April, 473 Wilcox residents will no longer receive SNAP. Spear said that the economic recovery made waivers no longer necessary. But the state unemployment rate has barely budged since last year, remaining near 6 percent. And, in six of the 13 counties that lost waivers, the unemployment rate has either grown or not changed in the last year. The department wants to encourage work, but will not offer extra training in those 13 counties. Stretching Charity Beyond its Resources Throughout Alabama, the government works in tandem with charities to provide a safety net for the poor. When SNAP benefits run out at the end of the month, churches and nonprofits step in. With cuts to the safety net, said Rachel Sheffield of the Heritage Foundation, civic institutions should step in to make sure that no one goes hungry. But charities, particularly in rural areas, are already stretched, and may not be able to pick up the slack from further cuts. “I hear folks say, ‘the charitable response to hunger.’ You should go talk to someone doing that work, because you would understand that they honestly don’t have anything left to give,” Lester said. At the end of 2015, Alabama’s statewide waiver expired, and 35,000 people in 54 counties received notices that they had only a few months left of SNAP benefits. Churches and nonprofits in the places that could no longer cover childless adults noticed increased demand. In Winston County, at the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains, Main Street Ministry saw a surge of younger adults, said Jim Baird, who directs operations. After the waivers expired, the ministry saw as many as 15 new recipients per week. Main Street Ministries is one of 1,700 food distribution sites in Alabama that provide monthly packages meant to supplement, but not replace public benefits. For a single adult, Baird’s Main Street Ministry provides eight canned goods, plus bread and produce. Occasionally, when Wal-Mart has a surplus, they’ll have chicken gizzards or pig ears. “It’s not supposed to serve them for a month, it’s to help them,” Baird said. For the seven counties that will lose waivers in the coming months, the state has no plan to ensure that the people cut off from SNAP can find other food sources. In Choctaw County, where Mayor May lives, about one in five households receive public food assistance. May did not know about the coming work requirements, which may soon remove more than 300 people from SNAP in his county. He says that his food pantry will expand to serve anyone who needs food. But while May knows many of the elderly recipients of food assistance, he is not as close to the younger recipients who will lose benefits. It’s unclear how they will find May’s pantry. SNAP Requirement for Adults as a Model? Serving more than 40 million Americans, SNAP is just one of an estimated 89 federal programs that provide low-income people with food, housing, and medicine. The Heritage Foundation’s Rachel Sheffield cites SNAP work requirements as a model for the rest of the safety net. She supports a bill introduced by Sen. Mike Lee of Utah and Rep. James Jordan of Ohio, which would require SNAP recipients with children to work in order to receive benefits. “If someone is capable of work and they choose not to do it, there’s only so much you can do,” she said. Before the inauguration, The Hill reported that the Trump administration would be using the Heritage Foundation’s budget blueprint, which suggests that SNAP recipients should work “as a condition of receiving assistance.” An early budget memo suggests many of the same programs mentioned in the blueprint. Speaker Paul Ryan has not announced legislation for this Congress, but in a December speech at the American Enterprise Institute, he emphasized work requirements and state flexibility. The House Agriculture Committee also released a report in December, which called for deeper enforcement of existing SNAP work requirements. The Heritage Foundation cites two, heavily-disputed studies in arguing that work requirements are effective. Those studies say nothing about whether people kicked off SNAP received food. Ryan, known for being a policy wonk, would have to propose risking food for 40 million people on little to no evidence. No advocate in Alabama argues against helping poor people find work. Both Baird and May expressed sympathy with the decision to not seek additional waivers. But none want to do so at the expense of a safety net. “When people lose their benefits like that, it can be catastrophic for the entire community,” said Laura Lester, of the Food Bank Association. Max Rose Max Rose is a freelance writer and the Strategy and Partnerships Consultant at The Workers Lab. Related Posts Gage Skidmore/Flickr Why Trumpism Is Here to Stay by Anne Kim March 1, 2017 Did Trump win because of racism or economic anxiety? Ultimately, it might be a false dichotomy. 401(k) 2012/Flickr Why Is Congress Undermining Retirement Security for Millions of Americans? by Justin King and David Newville February 22, 2017 Helping Americans save for retirement doesn't sound like a very divisive issue, but that's ...read more Spc. Brenda Thomas/Wikimedia Commons Alabama Governor Exposed as a Hypocrite by Martin Longman March 24, 2016 1:54 PM The same governor who told people who aren't Christians that "we’re not brothers and sisters." Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Political Animal Blog Jeff Sessions Should Resign by Martin Longman March 2, 2017 12:24 AM Regardless of the nature of his Russia talks, his lying under oath is disqualifying. Political Animal Blog Jeff Sessions and the September 8th Meeting by Martin Longman March 2, 2017 6:13 PM The details behind his questionable encounter with the Russian ambassador. Politics How Steve Beshear Can Cripple the GOP by Saahil Desai March 2, 2017 His response to Trump's speech was widely pilloried, but the former Kentucky governor was the right man for the job. Political Animal Blog High-Profile Hatred: Trump’s Resentment of Obama Will Only Intensify (Updated) by D.R. Tucker March 5, 2017 4:55 PM It was the easiest call in the world…and also the... Economy Why Trumpism Is Here to Stay by Anne Kim March 1, 2017 Did Trump win because of racism or economic anxiety? Ultimately, it might be a false dichotomy. Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.

skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home Programs On-Air Schedule Printable Schedule News/Talk Shows Music Shows Entertainment Shows News NPR News Local News StateImpact Oklahoma Music The Spy Oklahoma Music NPR Music NPR - First Listen NPR - Heavy Rotation NPR - Live Concerts NPR - Tiny Desk Concerts NPR - Studio Sessions NPR - Field Recordings Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Support Become a Member Sustaining Membership Business Support Crazy Smart Businesses Car Donation Volunteer Matching Companies Planned Giving Foundations Champion's Circle About About KOSU Coverage Map Staff Contact Mission and Vision Facility Rental Jobs Internships Station Policies Search KOSU KOSU The Spy Menu Home Programs On-Air Schedule Printable Schedule News/Talk Shows Music Shows Entertainment Shows News NPR News Local News StateImpact Oklahoma Music The Spy Oklahoma Music NPR Music NPR - First Listen NPR - Heavy Rotation NPR - Live Concerts NPR - Tiny Desk Concerts NPR - Studio Sessions NPR - Field Recordings Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Support Become a Member Sustaining Membership Business Support Crazy Smart Businesses Car Donation Volunteer Matching Companies Planned Giving Foundations Champion's Circle About About KOSU Coverage Map Staff Contact Mission and Vision Facility Rental Jobs Internships Station Policies Search After State Board Overturns Local School Board's Decision, Some Left Wondering Who Has Control By Emily Wendler • 20 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email View Slideshow 1 of 2 Seminole Public School's old high school building. Parts of the building from the 1930s were recently deemed unsafe. Emily Wendler / KOSU View Slideshow 2 of 2 A rural Oklahoma school board recently chose not to approve a charter school in their district. But the State Board of Education exercised authority given to them in a new law and overrode that rural board’s decision. This is the first time this has happened, and it’s got some people wondering—who’s really in charge? Listen Listening... / 5:01 In 2015 Oklahoma lawmakers passed Senate Bill 782, which allowed rural school districts to start charter schools. Prior to this only large, urban school districts could have charters. And with this new law, rural school boards had a new opportunity. But the law also saddled them with a new responsibility: They were in charge of deciding whether or not to approve these new schools. However, if the board refused to authorize a charter school, despite public demand for it, then the applicant could appeal to the State Board of Education.  And this is what happened in January.  The Seminole Public School Board of Education had voted unanimously, twice, to deny a charter school application in their district because they felt it did not meet multiple requirements laid out in the charter school law. But the applicant—Paul Campbell-- had appealed their decision to the State Board. Campbell is the CEO of a local aerospace company, Enviro Systems. And he told the State Board that he was having a hard time recruiting people to come work for him, because the local school district wasn’t performing well enough. "I know this stings a lot for the folks in Seminole, but it’s just the truth—they’re having a hard time justifying putting their kids in a school that averages a 19.5 on the ACT," he said.  So, Campbell wanted to create a new school to improve education, and attract new hires. But the Superintendent of Seminole, Alfred Gaches, argued his district performs better than the schools in Arkansas that the new charter is set to be modeled after. Furthermore, Gaches said there just wasn’t enough community support for the charter.  And that’s a requirement in the law. Only 105 people within the school district boundaries had signed a petition supporting it.   "1.4 percent of the population of Seminole public schools," Gaches said.  But the State Board took issue with another aspect of community support in Seminole. Parts of Seminole’s old high school building had been deemed unsafe, and kids were now using a former grocery store as their school. The local board had approved two bond issues to solve the problem, but residents rejected both of them.  And State Superintendent Joy Hofmeister said she had a problem with that.  "Because I’m not sure whether that means the local community doesn’t support the plan that the board put forward on two occasions," she said.  The debate went on for hours, but ultimately the state board approved the new charter. After the meeting Hofmeister said the charter school was a locally-proposed solution to a local problem. Gaches on the other hand, felt the board had made a bad decision. "I feel it sets a dangerous precedence when you take away local control of five duly elected people representing the city of Seminole and the school district of Seminole, you over turned their decisions based on what someone who’s never been to Seminole might think," he said.  He thought State Board had let a local business dictate the educational needs of his community, and that worried him. A few weeks after the January meeting I went to Seminole to try and guage the level of community support for the charter school, and asked people in the local Wal-Mart parking lot how they felt.  I was surprised. No one seemed to know what I was talking about. However, Jack Cadenhead, the former Seminole school board president, was still rattled by the State Board’s decision. He, too, felt they had stepped on the local board’s toes. "For the State board to override a unanimous decision of a locally elected, democratically elected board of education—just goes against the principals I believe in. And the principals I thought republicans and conservatives believed in," he said.  Cadenhead is now worried the new charter school will negatively affect Seminole, and the surrounding districts. "It will affect us financially," he said. "It will affect our teachers. I forsee riffs in the future. For sure." But Steve Saxon, the city manager of Seminole, said the state board made the right decision. He thinks the charter school will attract new industry to Seminole, and keep current industry in place. "I think it’s absolutely a situation where this community can grow and have different options and be fantastic," Saxon said.  Saxon also said a plan for a new Seminole High School building is in the works, and he thinks they’ll begin construction on it by December. Tags:  charter schools TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Charter School Approved By State Board, After Being Denied Twice Locally By Emily Wendler • Jan 27, 2017 The State Board of Education approved a new charter school in Seminole, Oklahoma on Thursday. This makes the school one of the first rural charter schools in the state. It also makes this school one of the first charters to be approved, and sponsored by, the State Board of Education. Charter schools are typically run and approved by local school boards, but the Seminole Public School Board of Education had denied this charter application twice, saying it was incomplete. Just What IS A Charter School, Anyway? By Claudio Sanchez • Mar 1, 2017 We're all familiar with the term "hidden in plain sight." Well, there may be no better way to describe the nation's 6,900 charter schools. These publicly-funded, privately-run schools have been around since the first one opened in St. Paul, Minn., in 1992. Today, they enroll about 3.1 million students in 43 states, so you'd think Americans should know quite a bit about them by now. But you'd be wrong. Weak Financial Accountability For Charter School Management Companies That Get Millions By Emily Wendler • Feb 14, 2017 With a nearly $900 million budget shortfall, Oklahoma lawmakers want accountability for every penny. But within the coffers of private charter school management companies are millions of dollars that lawmakers can't see.  Senator Jason Smalley wants to know exactly how much schools are spending on administration. He filed a bill to find out, because right now he said it’s not clear. “Are all the individuals that should be classified as administration costs, actually being reported as that?” he asked. “I think that’s what the greater conversation is.” © 2017 KOSU Facebook Twitter Instagram
Follow @triplepundit 47.3k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop Trump’s Manufacturing Roundtable: What U.S. CEOs Want by Jan Lee on Monday, Mar 6th, 2017 Policy & Government Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) President Donald Trump reached out to two dozen of America’s largest companies last month in an unusual appeal: Help him come up with a workable plan to put American jobs back in the manufacturing sector. Suffice it to say, he got an earful. Twenty-four CEOs, selected to represent four key focuses of the Trump reform agenda, turned up at the White House on Feb. 23 to “brainstorm” with the president and a panel of advisors about the biggest stumbling blocks to growth when comes to taxes and trade, infrastructure needs, federal regulations, and workforce potential. The CEOs, including Mario Longhi of U.S. Steel, Phebe Novakovic of General Dynamics, Marillyn Hewson of Lockheed Martin and Inge Thulin of 3M, were assigned to working groups that later reported to the president. Members of the press were invited to the first part of the meeting, but according several reporters, they were restricted from quoting CEOs by name during the meeting. Interestingly, much of what companies saw as key points was disclosed publicly after the meeting in press follow-ups. The following are some of the key points U.S. manufacturing companies felt the president should know. Regulations When it came to government oversight, CEOs assigned to reporting on the effects of regulations and trade pretty much agreed with Trump’s view that the Environmental Protection Agency’s “overreach” is hampering business potential. “The Clean Power Plan should be re-crafted to address concerns about EPA overreach infringing on state authority, while providing maximum flexibility for compliance,” the CEOs said, according to a press release from the National Economic Council. The CEOs also called for the repeal of an Obama-era regulation to make 4 million more workers eligible for overtime pay. The regulation is currently on hold by the courts. Business leaders said it was unaffordable; the Department of Labor is appealing the court ruling that blocks the rule from taking effect. Affordable Care Act (ACA) regulations also need to be revised, say the CEOs. The ACA requires employers to pay a 40 percent tax if the aggregate cost of the medical plan they offer is in excess of a set dollar amount. (These high-priced plans are often called “Cadillac plans.”) That tax is meant to keep plan options affordable. According to the roundtable participants, however, the increased cost for employers is “staggering.” The CEOs advised eliminating the tax. Tax and overseas manufacturing Some of the CEOs supported the idea of a “border-adjusted tax” that Republicans in Congress want to see passed. The tax would essentially lend favor to products manufactured in the U.S. and would exclude exports. Trump hasn’t said if he’ll back the strategy, but retailers (who weren’t included in this series of roundtables) have strongly opposed the tax. Companies such as Target and Walmart, whose market often relies on overseas manufacturers, said the retail market would suffer if the border tax were imposed. Workforce of the future When it comes to employing Americans in factories and tech industries, the CEOs said there were plenty of jobs to offer, but not enough qualified applicants. The issue isn’t that the jobs are being “taken” out of the U.S., but that U.S. high school graduates often don’t have the math and language skills that overseas applicants are able to demonstrate, the CEOs said. Aligning educational curricula with what vocational jobs demand would help increase job opportunities for U.S. high school graduates, they insisted in the meeting with Trump. And vocational training carries a stigma here in the U.S., some CEOs explained, unlike in Europe and the U.K. where blue-collar, industry-trained jobs are viewed as professional choices. Expanding opportunities for public-private partnerships such as those being pushed by some auto companies would help ensure more technical jobs, the execs said. Many of the representatives were receptive to Trump’s pro-business strategies, which Michael Dell, founder, chairman and CEO of Dell Technologies, told Business Insider would “bring capital back onto the balance sheet of the United States.” Trump’s immigration policies appear to have been diplomatically avoided, with some participants noting that members of the regulatory business roundtable “stand ready to help avoid unintended consequences that would inhibit the ability for U.S. companies to drive economic growth and be globally competitive.” What wasn’t heard The roundtable focused on large-scale manufacturing companies’ needs. It didn’t necessarily address Main Street small businesses that often have different concerns but are impacted by the supply-chain decisions of those larger companies. The meeting also didn’t address how service-related industries would be impacted by these suggestions. How will ethnic restaurants, for example, deal with a border import tax that clearly benefits large manufacturers but could restrict those restaurants from offering affordable services and selling authentic imported goods? Bringing “millions of jobs” back to the U.S. means ensuring those industries that depend on the resources and values already in place have a voice in the process as well. Image credit: Flickr/Nicole Yeary Policy & Government Recent headlines from the 2705 articles in this category: Iowa Republican Mocked for Attending Business School at Sizzler University Greenpeace: Brazil Could Soon Deforest Protected Land Trump’s Manufacturing Roundtable: What U.S. CEOs Want Jan Lee is a former news editor and award-winning editorial writer whose non-fiction and fiction have been published in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the U.K. and Australia. Her articles and posts can be found on TriplePundit, JustMeans, and her blog, The Multicultural Jew, as well as other publications. She currently splits her residence between the city of Vancouver, British Columbia and the rural farmlands of Idaho. Follow Jan Lee @janleethiem Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ResponseSource uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on this website. We'll assume you're happy with this if you continue to use this site. Press Release Wire Send Receive About About for PRs Product tour FAQs About for Journalists Sign up to receive Search Releases Newsrooms Offers Images Videos News channels Business & Finance Children & Teenagers Computing & Telecoms Construction & Property Consumer Technology Education & Human Resources Entertainment & Arts Environment & Nature Farming & Animals Food & Drink Health Home & Garden Leisure & Hobbies Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy Media & Marketing Medical & Pharmaceutical Men's Interest Motoring Personal Finance Public Sector, Third Sector & Legal Retail & Fashion Sport Transport & Logistics Travel Women's Interest & Beauty Topics Awards Bank Holiday Brexit Charity CRM International Women's Day Mother's Day Renewable Energy Social Business Spring St Patrick's Day Regions Channel Islands Derbyshire Devon Dorset Dublin, Ireland Durham East Midlands, England East of England East Riding of Yorkshire Gloucestershire Herefordshire Isle of Man Leicestershire Lincolnshire London North East England North West England North Yorkshire Northamptonshire Northern Ireland Northumberland Nottinghamshire Peak District Republic of Ireland Scotland Shropshire Somerset South East England South West England South Yorkshire Staffordshire Wales Warwickshire West Midlands, England West Yorkshire Wiltshire Worcestershire Yorkshire and the Humber Services Services for PRs PRs Media Contacts Database Search My lists Journalist Enquiry Service Manage your email settings Search enquiries Press Release Wire Send a press release Search releases Manage your newsrooms Services for Journalists Journalists Send a media enquiry Search for freelancers Search press releases Create a profile Update your profile Receive press releases Media Jobs Media Jobs Post a vacancy Search jobs ResponseSource About ResponseSource Get in touch Media Bulletin Blog Login Skip navigation Brexit Fears Underpin Unprecedented Automation Recruitment Monday 6 March 2017 PDF Print Food manufacturer’s need for automation following Brexit is resulting in a competition for top software and engineering talent. The food industry has labour availability issues which will further exacerbate rising costs associated with the living wage. With little opportunity to raise prices in a challenging retail environment, automation and robotics is the go to approach to cut costs and mitigate labour supply risks. The food sector employs 400,000 people of which 35% are EU migrants. With question marks over their future rights to work, manufacturers are investing in automation to keep costs down and our production lines running. The Financial Times, succinctly highlighted the issues in the case of James Hook, the owner of PD Hook chicken hatcheries in Oxfordshire. He employs 2,000 staff in over 100 farms, with as much as 80 per cent of his workers in some parts of the business coming from Eastern Europe. As a result of the shortage, he has shut down one farm and is considering whether to close a further two. James explains more: “It’s just getting more and more difficult to find people,” he said. “We go to the usual sources and they are not there. Europeans want to make a life but they’re worried about their future here. At the moment there’s no clear outcome after Brexit — and if these workers have job options outside the UK, they will take those.” Further down the supply chain, these same changing market conditions have led to a 10 fold increase in automation enquiries for Peterborough-based engineering and technology company OAL. Jake Norman, Head of Marketing at OAL explains, “Automation is the trend in food manufacturing right now. The tough trading environment has led to businesses of all sizes taking action and deploying automation to cut costs. The phone just keeps ringing!” The family business is looking to recruit engineers across a number of disciplines including software development, robotics, mechanical and project engineering. The company works with leading brands including Heinz, Bakkavor and Yeo Valley and are investing 8.2% of turnover in research and development, in robotics and automation solutions. One of their highest profile developments, APRIL, the robotic chef, is a new system for changing the way food is handled and cooked with robotics. Harry Norman, Owner and Managing Director explains “We’re looking for the best engineers to deliver flexible automated food manufacturing. The pressures on the industry are driving change and at OAL you can lead the change.” How big is the trend to automate? When you look at what the heads of food businesses are saying, there is a degree of inevitability about automation. In response to the global skills challenges workers face, Doug McMillon, CEO of Walmart, describes the challenge as such: “The world is not going to stop automating, so we have to upgrade our jobs and train people to be able to do them. Because if you have a job you have everything. You have an opportunity to own a home, to make sure your kids get educated. All these things are related to each other.” If you’re an engineer interested in a career in automation and robotics, you can find all the current vacancies at OAL here. Website: http://www.oalgroup.com/careers/ Telephone: +44 (0) 1733 394 700 Twitter: www.twitter.com/OALgroup LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/oalgroup _________________________________________________________________________ OAL Contact Information: Jake Norman Innovation and Marketing Manager – OAL Group Email: jake.norman@oalgroup.com Address: A1 Parkway Orton Southgate Peterborough PE2 6YN Phone: 01733 394700 This press release was distributed by ResponseSource Press Release Wire on behalf of OAL Group in the following categories: Business & Finance, Education & Human Resources, Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy, for more information visit http://pressreleasewire.responsesource.com/about. Release from Follow Newsroom innovation@oalgroup.com http://www.oalgroup.com +44 1733 394 700 Useful links Send Search Release Archive Social @responsesource ResponseSource ResponseSource Product dashboard About us Services for PRs Services for journalists Blog Privacy policy System requirements Terms & Conditions Free trial Contact ResponseSource 0345 370 7777 ResponseSource Press Release Wire © 1997-2017 ResponseSource Ltd
skip to main content NPR News in Milwaukee Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Project Milwaukee Bubbler Talk Environment Education Precious Lives Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Menu Home News Project Milwaukee Bubbler Talk Environment Education Precious Lives Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Why Some People Live Where They Do, in Segregated Metropolitan Milwaukee By LaToya Dennis • 20 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email Affluent African-American's in Milwaukee live in neighborhoods with 40 percent poverty. JFXie, flickr Listen Listening... / 7:21 Several reasons emerge as to why people in metro Milwaukee live in either segregated or integrated neighborhoods in what is the most racially segregated metro area in the country. Sometimes people have a choice, other times they do not. And one statistic sets this area apart from all others, according to UWM researcher Marc Levine - the rate of affluent African-Americans opting to live in neighborhoods saturated with poverty. Black households earning $100,000 or greater are more likely to live in areas of concentrated poverty in metro Milwaukee. Credit Courtesy of Marc Levine “You’ve have black households with incomes of $100,000 a year and up or $200,000 a year and up living in which the overall poverty rate is 40 percent,” Levine says. Now that Levine has painted the picture, meet Clifton Phelps. “I’m one of the partners of JCP Construction and also Equity Supply Group, which is a supply company. We are three brothers that started a construction company probably around eight years ago,” Phelps says. Phelps and his brothers have their hands in a number of major commercial projects now taking shape in Milwaukee, including Northwestern Mutual, the Bucks arena, Pete’s Fruit Market and Bader Foundation’s headquarters. Phelps grew up on 2nd and Locust. He went away to college, but came back after graduation and settled on Milwaukee’s east side. Clifton Phelps says he and his wife choose to live in Milwaukee because they care about the city. Credit LaToya Dennis “I like diversity. I came from the deep east side and I loved the way the block worked. There were Halloween (parties), the neighbors knew each other, everyone was on the same page,” Phelps says. So when Phelps and his wife were looking to purchase a home five years ago, he wanted a family-friendly community for their kids – they have four. Phelps says he has found that culture on Milwaukee’ north side. The couple bought a five bedroom brick bungalow on a tree lined street in the diverse Sherman Park neighborhood. Yet Phelps admits, the surrounding areas have their problems. For example, the unrest last summer happened just a couple blocks away. “So like the riots happen and you’re like oh, should we move? And then you know like two weeks go past and nerves kind of die down and you’re like you’re okay. There was a shootout on this block by people who weren’t even from his block. Some car saw another car they didn’t like and it was a big shootout and everything was taped off. And my wife was panicked, I was panicked. And then like two weeks later I didn’t see any for sale sighs so I was like okay, we’re good,” he says. Phelps says that while it may sound bad, the reality is that people get used to crime. As for why he and his wife stay… “I think it’s the good thing to do to stay in the city of Milwaukee so that you’re not moving out and not caring about what’s going on in the city. If you work and you’re a part of the community, you want to be part of the community." While Phelps and his wife have decided to live in Milwaukee, 33-year-old Uniqueka Bailey has moved out with her three kids. Bailey is a medical assistant and says she wasn’t looking to leave – she had spent her entire life on Milwaukee’s north and northwest sides. But she had trouble securing a place to rent because of a previous eviction, so Bailey was thankful when her cousin told her about an apartment in the City of Waukesha. READ: 'Evicted' Book Paints a Heartbreaking Picture of a Milwaukee Under Stress “She talked to the landlord about getting me an apartment here. She already lived here and talked to the landlord and it was like an easy move in. I didn’t have to go through the obstacles and hurdles just to get in here,” she says. Bailey pays $650 a month for a two bedroom apartment. She says a lot of the tenants in her complex are people of color, but that’s not the same outside. “Driving around Waukesha, I don’t really see too many others people of color," she says. And Bailey says she doesn’t always feel comfortable. “When I shop out here, at something like Walmart, like if we’re walking down the aisle, they expect me to move instead of them moving to the side. Things like that. So that’s the only time it bothers me. Otherwise, they stay out of my way and I stay out of theirs." Still, Bailey plans to stay. She says she likes her neighborhood because it’s quiet and she feels safe. While the city of Waukesha offers affordable housing, other more affluent parts of Waukesha County are a different story. Kori Schneider Peragine, who works for the Metropolitan Milwaukee Fair Housing Council, says there’s a long held theory about people who fled Milwaukee decades ago. “Communities that were sort of the recipients from white flight back in the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s have more opposition to any potential diversity or affordable housing coming into their communities,” she  says. The fair housing council recently settled a discrimination complaint against Waukesha County after alleging that it is not providing enough affordable housing, thus locking out minorities. READ: Waukesha County Reaches Settlement Over Housing Discrimination Schneider Peragine says she knows through experience that “a lot of things get said behind closed doors in some of those community meetings and so you know that there’s racism or classism or some sort of -ism, some sort of nefarious thing going on. But once you get into those public meetings that language is gone. They come up with a valid reason for it when the underlying cause is much uglier." "I've noticed people who have very similar incomes and very similar credit scores are not approved for the same amount of money and are not approved with the same interest rates." Lending institutions have also limited where black people live in metro Milwaukee, according to realtor Damion Thompson. “I’ve noticed people who have very similar incomes and very similar credit scores are not approved for the same amount of money and are not approved with the same interest rates,” he says. Thompson says smaller loans mean you may not be able to purchase in certain areas, while higher interest rates mean you’d have to pay more. And he says the consequences of confining black families to lower-income neighborhoods can be long-term. “You go to a place where your property values are going to continue to escalate and I go to a place where my property values, if something bad happens, they’re cut in half, now, 20 years later, when my small children are college age, I can’t take equity out of the house and send them to school,” he says. That’s the problem with segregation, David Pate says – it creates winners and losers. Yet the UW-Milwaukee researcher says he understands why many black people remain in segregated, less-than-ideal neighborhoods that lack resources. “You need to have a space that makes you feel like okay, I’m at home and I don’t have to do anything that’s going to make me uncomfortable,” Pate says. Clifton Phelps seems content in his Sherman Park neighborhood, yet admits he and his neighbors are concerned about renters. “That house right there just got sold, we could not wait to find out who the owner was. We wanted to know is this house for sale because we would buy it from them to put a family…as a matter of fact, we were talking with some neighbors over here to see if we could bundle up the money for that house over there just so we could sell it to someone that we knew,” Phelps says.  Phelps says the goal is to maintain the neighborhood’s positive dynamic and its property values. For more on this topic, explore our Project Milwaukee: Segregation Matters series. Have a question about segregation? Submit your queries below. _ Tags:  WUWM News Project Milwaukee segregation matters TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Segregation Lines Starkly Divide Metropolitan Milwaukee By Marti Mikkelson • Mar 3, 2017 Reggie Jackson -- America's Black Holocaust Museum Milwaukee is one of the most segregated metro areas in America, according to the latest census figures. 90 percent of African-American households in the region live in Milwaukee. The numbers also point to huge economic disparities smothering African-Americans who live in the central city. How Did Metro Milwaukee Become So Segregated? By Michelle Maternowski & Joy Powers • Mar 3, 2017 UWM Libraries American Geographical Society Library “Segregation is not an accident,” according to Reggie Jackson, the head griot for American’s Black Holocaust Museum. “There’s this idea that people self-segregate, but the reality is that there’s never really been self-segregation in Milwaukee,” Jackson says. “The segregation that we have, in terms of people of color, was created by a variety of different in institutions and individuals.” Measuring Black/White Segregation in Metro Milwaukee By Michelle Maternowski • Mar 3, 2017 DUSTIN A. CABLE, UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA, WELDON COOPER CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE, REFERENCE DATA BY STAMEN DESIGN The assertion that Milwaukee is currently one of - if not the most segregated metro area in the United States is probably deserved but with some qualifications, according to UW-Milwaukee researcher Marc Levine. An extraordinary number of blacks live in the city as opposed to in Milwaukee suburbs, and in the city itself - while it is diverse, African-Americans, whites and Latinos tend to live in neighborhoods with little diversity. Meeting Milwaukee's 'Great Migrants' and Their Southern Roots By Joy Powers • Mar 3, 2017 Chris Arnade During the early to mid-1900s, the Great Migration brought millions of African-Americans from rural, southern towns to cities like Chicago, Detroit, and of course, Milwaukee. To this day, many older, black Milwaukeeans have roots in the South. Many moved here as teens and young adults, looking for work in an industrial city that overflowed with jobs at the time. Milwaukee Public Media is a service of UW-Milwaukee's College of Letters & Science © 2017 WUWM Contact Us Facebook Twitter Contest Rules
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, March 07, 2017, 3:24 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Private sewage plant in west Pulaski County due for vote Neighborhood groups, Little Rock planners oppose developer’s plan By Brandon Mulder This article was published March 6, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. Comments aAFont Size The Little Rock Board of Directors on Tuesday will consider a contentious proposal for a permit to build a private sewage treatment plant along a waterway in west Pulaski County. Last year, developer Rick Ferguson submitted an application for a conditional-use permit that would allow the treatment plant along Nowlin Creek. As planned, the plant would process sewage from more than 100 homes in a proposed subdivision and discharge 30,000 to 40,000 gallons of treated wastewater into the creek daily. Neighborhood associations showed up in force to oppose the proposal as it was being reviewed by the city's Planning Commission last summer. Residents were concerned the discharge would threaten the creek, which empties into the Little Maumelle River west of Pinnacle Mountain State Park. City staff members recommended that the commission reject Ferguson's proposal, calling it a "classic case of urban sprawl." After hearing the staff's reasoning and testimony from several neighborhood stakeholders, the commission voted 10-1 to reject the application. Ferguson and his attorney, Philip Kaplan, immediately appealed the commission's decision to the city's Board of Directors. The board was scheduled to vote on the item in December, but it was removed from the agenda after the developer asked the city for a 90-day deferment. The planned site for the high-density Mountain Valley Subdivision is along Arkansas 10 about 2 miles beyond the Little Rock city limits. However, the area is in Little Rock's extraterritorial jurisdiction, where the city has zoning authority but does not necessarily extend all city services, like sewage lines. [EMAIL UPDATES: Get free breaking news alerts, daily newsletters with top headlines delivered to your inbox] State law allows for cities to regulate development in areas a city could foreseeably annex in the future. While developments located in the extraterritorial jurisdiction receive water services from Central Arkansas Water, the city can decide to extend other services -- like sewage lines and trash collection -- at its discretion. "The proposed development is located over 2 miles from the city limits ... essentially leapfrogging over 2 miles of rural development and undeveloped lands to construct an urban residential development," Dana Carney, the city's zoning and subdivision manager, said last summer. Conversely, the subdivision's engineer, Joe White, argued that "leapfrogging" is a typical pattern for development, and that disrupting this pattern would stymie growth. "That's how growth occurs: Something jumps out in front and the city fills in behind it," White told the Planning Commission last summer. "We could never have imagined a Wal-Mart at Chenal Parkway and [Arkansas] 10 when I was growing up, and yet there it is." City Director Lance Hines has sponsored a resolution that would instruct the Little Rock Wastewater Utility and the Little Rock Water Reclamation Commission to conduct a study over how extending sewage services to that area might affect the city. That item also will be considered during Tuesday's 6 p.m. board meeting, along with the Mountain Valley Subdivision's permit application. "We're going to continue to see pressure on this," Hines said at the board's agenda meeting last week, mentioning another proposed development in the area -- a 266-lot subdivision along Fletcher Creek called The Trails. The Trails' developer, Wayne Richie, has said he plans to submit his own application for a wastewater treatment plant if the city approves Ferguson's. The Citizens of West Pulaski County neighborhood group has voiced opposition to The Trails subdivision as well. "Permitting privately owned sewage plants in the Little Maumelle Watershed is bad public policy," said Drew Kelso, president of the group. "No government or reliable funding mechanism is available to guarantee proper operation and maintenance." According to Hines, the area west of Little Rock in Pulaski County, between the city limits and the Lake Maumelle Watershed, is the only direction the city could grow. Hines represents Ward 5 on the city's west side. Meanwhile, the city board also is racing against a recent legislative filing that would mandate how cities could extend wastewater services into the extraterritorial jurisdictions. House Bill 1549, filed last month by Rep. Andy Davis, R-Little Rock, would require cities to extend sewer services upon request by a property owner if the property owner provides easements, pays for tie-ins and signs a pre-annexation agreement with the city. That bill is "very troubling in its mandates, in taking away local control relative to a requirement to provide sewer services," Mayor Mark Stodola said last week. "The unfortunate reality is that we've got a legislator that is potentially going to run legislation that would take local self-control away from us," Hines said. "I'm not supportive of that, but if we fail to act, like I've said many times before, the state legislator will act for us." City Attorney Tom Carpenter said he has several concerns about Davis' bill, specifically over how "a private developer can order, essentially, the extension of sewer utilities outside where this government has absolute control," while the city would have no say over where development should occur. Metro on 03/06/2017 Print Headline: Private sewage plant due for vote Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Arkansas Body of slain woman found in central Arkansas... Little Rock redo of police hiring at hand Renter access to Little Rock streets subject ... UAPB rebounds from enrollment slump Private sewage plant in west Pulaski County d... New center brings programs, activities to Mau... GOP talk reassures 4 schools I-49 backers praise House measure Bentonville's private sector adds public art More Arkansas stories > Comments on: Private sewage plant in west Pulaski County due for vote To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump Tower wiretap claim to get inquiry (52 comments) Congressman apologizes for crude joke about Kellyanne Conway (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Fate of the presidency (32 comments) Proven ain't half of it (11 comments) Pizza restaurant in west Little Rock shopping center robbed by 2 gunmen, police say (11 comments) White House demands investigation into whether Obama abused executive powers (19 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm 06 April 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm 06 April 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zac Mir Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists Morning Market Pulse Geopolitricks aplenty Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:06 06 Mar 2017 Accendo Markets , Mon FTSE 100 Index called to open -15pts at 7360, but triple rising support (ranging from 2-weeks to 2-months) at 7335 offers hope for the Bulls that last week’s flirt with 7400 all-time highs can be repeated. Bears, however, like the fact that the index has already eased back from 7365 having closed the weekend’s gap-down. Bulls are looking for a break above 7365 while Bears eye a test of 7340. Watch levels: Bullish 7375, Bearish 7340. Calls for a negative open follow a flattish Wall Street finish on Friday and a mixed session overnight in Asia to start the new trading week. Geopolitics remains to the fore with North Korean sabre-rattling, China trimming its GDP growth estimate, Trump accusing Obama of pre-election wiretapping and Fillon refusing to throw in the towel to keep the French Presidential election nice and entertaining. Japan’s Nikkei is underperforming in Asia, weighed down by a Yen strength engineered by a USD sell-off and some alternative safe haven seeking, while financials and utilities drag. Hong Kong gains thanks to Casino’s while China outperforms as the National People's Congress kicks off. Australia’s ASX is posting solid gains thanks to its Mining contingent. This is in spite of lower metals and oil prices, investors perhaps hoping that potential for a bearish flag on the US Dollar index comes true (Yellen less hawkish on Friday?), delivering a welcome FX boost, despite rising probability of a Fed rate hike mid-month. FTSE sentiment is sure to be impacted by an £11bn merger of Standard Life (SL) and Aberdeen Asset Management (ADN) to create an investment powerhouse. Banks may also be moved by Deutsche Bank’s €8bn capital increase aimed at putting it “back on the front foot”. BT has secured exclusive rights to broadcast all UEFA Champions League and Europa League matches in the UK through 2020/21 for £394m while Informa says it is set for further progress in 2017 after posting 2016 underlying profits growth. US equity markets finished the week on a rather flat note following Snap’s IPO excitement, however the well-received listing buoyed technology names, helping the tech-focused Nasdaq to outperform peers, up 0.2%. Both the Dow Jones and S&P 500 closed flat, with retailers Nike and Wal-Mart dragging on the former, while Airlines helped the latter to stay only a single point in the green. Having had little negative reaction on Friday to a seventh straight weekly uptick in the Baker Hughes US Rig count, Crude Oil prices have fallen overnight as both Brent and US benchmarks reach significant former support turned resistance. Sentiment has been further hampered by the USD finding support overnight following a late Friday sell-off. Gold continues to trade in a tight $1222-1237 falling channel after Thursday’s double support breakdown, further exacerbated as the chances of a Fed rate hike in March top 95%. However, the precious metal has bounced from the bottom of that channel to test resistance due to USD weakness, although as yet no significant headway into a comprehensive breakout has been made. In focus today, given the light macro calendar for data, will be fallout from a busy weekend for corporate news with proposed £11bn merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management followed by reports from the continent that Germany’s Deutsche Bank is preparing for a €8bn capital increase and France’s PSA is snapping up GM's Opel/Vauxhall for €2.2bn. Data-wise, this morning’s Eurozone Sentix Investor Sentiment is seen improved in March, before Greek GDP is likely confirmed slower in Q4. Elsewhere, Eurozone Retail PMIs and UK New Car Registrations both act as gauges for consumer confidence in both economies. Afternoon data is limited to what is forecast as solid US Factory Orders and a rebound in Durable Goods Orders. Speakers are limited to the newly appointed BoE Deputy Governor (for Markets and Banking) Hogg (“Great Minds Lecture”, Uni of Lincoln) who talks mid-morning. Then it’s all quiet until the Fed’s Kashkari tonight (Washington), and while the panel in which he is participating is entitled "A View from the FRB Minneapolis,” he’s unlikely to offer anything about the Fed’s mid- month policy update with the FOMC having just entered its pre-meeting blackout period. Accendo Markets Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Spreadbetting, CFD trading and Forex are leveraged. This means they can result in losses exceeding your original deposit. Ensure you understand the risks, seek independent financial advice if necessary. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Morning Market Pulse http://www.accendomarkets.com Accendo Markets’ morning report offers readers a concise explanation as to why the FTSE100 is called up/down each morning with a glance at its technical levels as well as that of Oil and Gold. We look at the how US bourses closed and what has been happening in Asia, with elaboration on drivers including macro-economic data, corporate results and central bank commentary and what to look out for during the trading day. International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President G.O.P. Health Plan Would Sub Mandate With Incentives By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN The plan would replace the Affordable Care Act with a system of tax credits aimed at enticing Americans to purchase insurance on the open market. In a late change, the plan was also expected to include language that limits credit eligibility for affluent Americans.  Comments How Republicans Will Change the Health Law Travel Ban 2.0: Alterations to Blunt the Legal Challenges By GLENN THRUSH With the removal of Iraq, the new order applies to six predominantly Muslim nations in an effort to improve on the one that was blocked by federal judges.  Comments Where Refugees Come From New Ban, Same Verdict in Middle East: A Slap at Muslims Video by THE NEW YORK TIMES. Photo by Stephen Crowley/The New York Times Jeff Sessions, the attorney general; Rex W. Tillerson, the secretary of state; and John F. Kelly, the secretary of Homeland Security, discussed President Trump’s revised travel ban. Puncturing the Veneer of Presidential Civility By PETER BAKER Never in recent generations has the natural friction between current and past presidents become such a spectacle. A White House-F.B.I. Disconnect on Claims of Tapping By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT The White House continued to press on Mr. Trump’s unfounded assertion and would not say if the president had sought to speak with the F.B.I. or the Justice Department. Can the President Even Order a Wiretap? Trump Asks Planned Parenthood to Stop Abortion Services By MAGGIE HABERMAN The Trump administration offered to preserve federal funding for Planned Parenthood, which does not use that money for the procedure, if it stopped aiding in them. The group declined. Another Woman With Power. Same Sexist Attacks. By SUSAN CHIRA Kellyanne Conway is the latest target, but such attacks often take the same form — angry, sexist language. Misogyny, it seems, is bipartisan.  Comments More in Politics Ben Carson Refers to Slaves as ‘Immigrants’ Sean Spicer Meets the Press. No Cameras Allowed, Again. Trump University Lawsuits May Not Be Closed After All U.S. Missile Defense System Is Deployed to South Korea By GERRY MULLANY and MICHAEL R. GORDON 2:49 AM ET The move comes after North Korea fired four ballistic missiles into the sea, and it has stoked tensions with China, which regards the deployment as an intrusion. Times Insider: North Korea’s Missile Launches Kept Failing Trump Inherits a Secret Cyberwar on North Korean Missiles North Korea Bars Malaysians From Exiting Country By RICHARD C. PADDOCK 1:11 AM ET Malaysia’s leader called the escalation of the Kim Jong-nam dispute an “abhorrent act” and responded in kind, blocking North Koreans from leaving. Justices Step Out of the Debate Over Transgender Rights By ADAM LIPTAK The Supreme Court vacated an appeals court decision in favor of a transgender boy and sent the case back for further consideration after the Trump administration changed the federal government’s position. Jury Secrecy Doesn’t Apply if Marred by Bias, Justices Rule Did the Supreme Court Base a Ruling on a Myth? The Daily 360 1:26 Tour an Art Deco Masterpiece Benjamin Norman for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Support the mission of The Times. Sponsor a student subscription today. Your Tuesday Briefing By JENNIFER JETT 12:38 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Two newly revealed stories about the transition of power from one president to the next: one of warning, the other of accusation. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living What to Cook This Week Meatloaf with caramelized cabbage, couscous salad and more for the week ahead. Your Money How You Can Help Refugees in the U.S. By RON LIEBER All of the various ways people can donate money or time to help newly arrived refugees in the United States. Nude Photos Create Unwanted Attention for Marines By DAVE PHILIPPS An all-male, invitation-only Facebook group with more than 30,000 active duty Marines and veterans is being investigated after revelations that it had shared thousands of naked and private photos of Marine Corps women. Racing to Uber and Lyft, Riders Inch Through New York By EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS and WINNIE HU Ride-hailing apps, an existential threat to taxis, are also siphoning passengers from subways and buses, raising concerns over worsening congestion. The Search to Save the Government’s Scientific Data By AMY HARMON The Trump administration has begun changing some government websites. A group of concerned citizens has been working to preserve data it sees as politically vulnerable. Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors By NATALIE ANGIER With no real predators, the birds live proud, public lives. That accessibility has proved a bonanza for scientists, casting light on their mating habits and even why the shade of their feet matters. Snakes, a Life of Crime and Eventually 2 Murder Charges By ALAN FEUER After a troubled life of lawbreaking, Kwauhuru Govan was charged with killing two Brooklyn teenagers more than a decade ago. More News Man Guilty in 2015 Killing of New York Police Officer U.S. Frees Visa-Holding Afghan Family It Detained for 4 Days Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany U.S. Strike in Yemen Killed Former Guantánamo Prisoner Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. In ‘The Americans,’ History Feels Less Retro In light of today’s headlines, this Cold War drama on FX feels newly relevant — but also almost comfortingly small-scale, our critic writes. Hype Outpaces Reality in Microbe Research Scientists believe that every person contains as many independent microbial cells as human cells. Research on the microbiome is a hot topic, but it’s not easy. Review: Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Containing two excerpts from her notebooks dating to the 1970s, this book uncannily sheds light on some of the divisions splintering America today. The Opinion Pages Editorial Muslim Ban Lite By revising the ban, the administration has acknowledged it fumbled on a major campaign promise. But the result is still pernicious.  Comments President Trump’s Blinkered Fiscal Vision Op-Ed Columnists Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? 3:21 AM ET Leonhardt: A Public-Health Crisis That We Can Fix 3:21 AM ET Op-Ed Contributor The Hard Truth About Refugees By JAMES TRAUB 3:21 AM ET Refugees bring with them problems that liberals would do well to recognize. Failing to do so opens the political door to right-wing xenophobes.  Comments Students on the Anti-Murray Protests at Middlebury 3:46 AM ET Vietnam ’67: America’s Case of ‘Tonkin Gulfitis’ 3:21 AM ET Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Times Insider » Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Never miss a story. Follow the columns you love. Start Following We’ll automatically add new stories to your Reading List. Following Go to your reading list This feature is an experiment. Send Feedback Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Entertainment My 10 Favorite Books: Suzanne Vega Opinion The February Revolution and a Missed Opportunity If democratic leaders had seized the chance to get Russia out of World War I, Lenin, Stalin, even Hitler would have been footnotes in history. N.Y. / Region Next Stop, 1984: Scenes From the Subway Book Review Killing Jesus: Who Was the Real Pontius Pilate? Opinion The Case for a Border-Adjusted Tax Both political parties have good reasons to favor this policy. Times Insider Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! N.Y. / Region In Times Square, Looking for Father Duffy Opinion If We Are Not Just Animals, What Are We? Fashion & Style ‘Big Little Lies’ Actress Shares Her Beauty Truths Family Don’t Beat Yourself Up Over Kids’ Accidents Opinion What if the Court in the Loving Case Had Declared Race a False Idea? It could have altered the national discourse on race decades ago. Music Gehry and Barenboim on Their Berlin Concert Hall Sections World » U.S. Starts Deploying Thaad Antimissile System in South Korea, After North’s Tests North Korea Launch Could Be Test of New Attack Strategy, Japan Analysts Say Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany Over Free Speech Business Day » Building Trade Walls House Republicans Unveil Plan to Replace Health Law Sterling Jewelers Suit Casts Light on Wider Policies Hurting Women Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Hard Truth About Refugees Editorials: President Trump’s Muslim Ban Lite David Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? U.S. » A Conspiracy Theory’s Journey From Talk Radio to Trump’s Twitter Repeal of Health Law Faces a New Hurdle: Older Americans Retro Report: Trump and the Battle Over Sanctuary in America Technology » Data Firm Says ‘Secret Sauce’ Aided Trump; Many Scoff Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps An Artist Helps iTunes’ User Agreement Go Down Easy Arts » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Politics » Sessions’s Potential Deputy Faces a Stern Test on Russia Inquiries Trump’s Wiretapping Claims Puncture Veneer of Presidential Civility Rumblings of a ‘Deep State’ Undermining Trump? It Was Once a Foreign Concept Fashion & Style » Fashion Review: The Reality Distortion Field at Céline and Valentino Paris Fashion Week: Paris Fashion Week 2017: Rihanna’s High School Rebellion A Sneak Peek at the Met’s Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons Show Movies » ‘Logan’ Pulls In $85.3 Million as Fox’s Bet Pays Off Erased Onscreen: Where Are All the Interracial Couples? The Unlikely Story Behind a Palestinian Hip-Hop Film From Israel New York » The Downside of Ride-Hailing: More New York City Gridlock Though Divided, Jury Delivers Guilty Verdict in Murder of Police Officer Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps Sports » New York City Is Recapturing Its College Basketball Heyday On Baseball: Cuba’s Yulieski Gurriel, Loyal to His Homeland, Pays a Price to Follow His Ambition With Mirth and a Mensch, Israel Upsets South Korea in W.B.C. Theater » Now That’s a Play I’d Like to See Review: ‘Frontières Sans Frontières,’ Where Poverty Is Photogenic A Loverly Revival: ‘My Fair Lady’ to Return to Broadway Next Year Science » Basics: On Galápagos, Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors Activists Rush to Save Government Science Data — If They Can Find It The Woolly Mammoth’s Last Stand Obituaries » Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Thomas Platt, 91, Dies: Fined Air Traffic Controllers $100,000 an Hour Simon Hobday, Offbeat U.S. Senior Open Champion, Dies at 76 Television » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Snapshot: Alison Wright, Exiled From ‘The Americans’ (Perhaps), Hits Broadway A Buffy Family Tree: ‘Bones’ and Demons and Rabid Fans Health » Personal Health: When a Partner Dies, Grieving the Loss of Sex In Red-State Utah, a Surge Toward Obamacare The Checkup: Accidents Happen, but Parents Still Beat Themselves Up Travel » The Getaway: Renting a Car? Know the Rules of the Road Palm Springs Is Hot. The Old Guard Is Hot Under the Collar. Where I Live: My Bangkok: City of Spirits Books » Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Casting a Literary Lens on Women and Power Fiction: Is This Mic On?: A Stand-Up Comedian Wrestles With His Country and His Soul Education » Trump’s Call for School Vouchers Is a Return to a Campaign Pledge Kansas Supreme Court Says State Education Spending Is Too Low How a ‘Second Chance’ College Produced the Team to Beat Food » The Pour: Want to Pick Better Bottles? Repeat After Me: Wine Is Food What if You Could Make Great Corned Beef? Bird Flu Outbreak Found at a Tennessee Farm Sunday Review » Moises Velasquez-Manoff: What Biracial People Know Editorial: President Trump’s Island Mentality Frank Bruni: Donald Trump vs. the Food Snobs Real Estate » Voyeur: Voyeur: The Color Red The Fix: Interior Design Risks Worth Taking In Case You Missed It: February’s Top Real Estate Stories The Upshot » Public Health: G.O.P. Repeal Bill Would Cut Funding for Poor and Taxes on Rich The New Health Care: Exciting Microbe Research? Temper That Giddy Feeling in Your Gut Public Health: Obamacare Got Their Goat: An Illustrated Guide to Republicans’ Metaphors Magazine » Feature: How to Steal a River Feature: The Experimentalist on Broadway Feature: Department of Justification Automobiles » Automakers Near a Victory on Rollback of Fuel Standards Video Review: Hyundai’s Near-Luxury Sedan Has It All, Except Prestige Wheels: Building a Road Map for the Self-Driving Car T Magazine » Women’s Fashion Shows: Balenciaga, Céline, Valentino These 6 Emerging Designers Are Redefining Ugly On the Verge: Brand to Know: The Men’s Wear Line Rethinking the Button-Down Shirt Times Insider » A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Eyes of San Francisco in a Texas Courtroom: The Sequel Real Estate » Voyeur Voyeur: The Color Red Photographs by GEORGE ETHEREDGE for THE NEW YORK TIMES Finding glimpses of red in unexpected places. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
send search rows 348843 53194 Follow @PJMedia Columnists Newsletters Instapundit Shop News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen search News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen facebook twitter Columnists News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen Instapundit Shop About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy search The Latest. Delivered Daily. Your friends will think you read the whole newspaper font directup font directdown print facebook Share Transgender Backlash? Target Stock Takes Biggest Plunge EVER twitter Tweet email Email Lifestyle Transgender Backlash? Target Stock Takes Biggest Plunge EVER By Tyler O'Neil 2017-03-05T13:11:25 chat comments Transgender Backlash? Target Stock Takes Biggest Plunge EVER Target has not had a good year — not at all. Now, the crowning achievement of the retail giant's string of bad luck is a one-day stock drop unmatched since the economic crisis of 2008. In dollar terms, the drop was the company's largest hit ever. This bad news follows nearly a year after the company made its infamous decision to open sex-segregated bathrooms and changing rooms to those who identify as the oppose sex (transgender people). Since then, the brand has taken a huge dive, and the stock price has never fully recovered since late April 2016. As MarketWatch reported, this past Tuesday, Target Corp. shares fell by $8.14, or 12.2 percent, to the lowest price since August 20, 2014. This followed a report of fourth-quarter profits that fell below expectations, and a pessimistic full-year outlook. The selloff was the biggest one-day price decline since Target's stock started trading in January 1972. The second-biggest price drop was $5.61 — on May 18, 2016, also after reporting quarterly results. This one-day percentage decline was the fifth-biggest ever for Target, the largest since its stock price plummeted 12.5 percent on December 1, 2008. The biggest decline (33 percent) came on October 19, 1987, known as Black Monday. To make matters worse, Target's disappointing results contrasted with better-than-expected earnings reported by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Home Depot Inc. "Our fourth-quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behavior, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores," Target Chief Executive Brian Cornell explained. "While the transition to this new model will present headwinds to our sales and profit performance in the short term, we are confident that these changes will best-position Target for continued success over the long term." There is a different explanation, however. "Target stock is tumbling after they announced a pro-transgender restroom policy allowing men to use women's bathrooms and changing rooms," Franklin Graham, president of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, declared in May of last year, roughly one month after Target announced the new policy. Ten months later, his observation still rings true. Over 1.4 million have signed an American Family Association pledge to boycott Target stores over the transgender bathroom policy (the boycott pledge reached 1 million in its first week). Furthermore, according to YouGov's BrandIndex, Target's purchase consideration levels dropped toward a three-year low following the transgender announcement. This trend continued into late June. While this drop was not as steep as the one Target took after a 2013 data breach, it had never fully recovered to pre-breach levels. Pledge to Boycott Target on Pro-LGBT Stance Reaches 1,000,000 Signatures Before the 2013 breach, Target had a 49 percent purchase consideration rate — 49 percent of consumers were considering purchasing from there the next time they went shopping. After the breach, that dropped to 36 percent. In 2014 and 2015, the consideration rate hovered between 41 percent and 43 percent. On April 15, 2016, it stood at 42 percent. By May 18, it dropped to 35 percent. https://pjmedia.com/lifestyle/2017/03/05/transgender-backlash-target-stock-takes-biggest-plunge-ever/ load more facebook Share Transgender Backlash? Target Stock Takes Biggest Plunge EVER twitter Tweet email Email Related: 2017, economy, Ideology, stock market, transgender Related Products History In The News Lecture #2: The 21st American Century or What Amazon or Facebook Says About America amazon.com Klavan and Whittle: Manly Men and Womanly Women amazon.com Editor's Choice 8 Great Gangster Films comments 4 Reasons for the Death of America's Car Culture comments Expert Warns Parents About the Dangers of...Sticker Charts?!?!? comments Who knew your inbox could be this informative? Your friends will think you read the whole newspaper Copyright © 2005-2017 PJ Media All Rights Reserved. About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy  
Hot Topics: Firefighter Honored Medina Cemetery Sneak Peek at Scheels Hermit Park Reopens 5 Things to Do This Week Track Season Preview RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Library Director to Retire Daily Record: Loveland police calls March 4-5, 2017 Posted:   03/05/2017 04:35:50 PM MST Notable Calls Saturday • Noon. Shoplifting, King Soopers South, 1275 Eagle Drive. • 1 p.m. Shoplifting, 7-Eleven, 2081 W. Eisenhower Blvd. • 1 p.m. Theft, Loveland Public Library, 300 N. Adams Ave. • 1 p.m. Shoplifter in custody, Wal-Mart North, 250 W. 65th St. • 3 p.m. Shoplifting, 7-Eleven, 2081 W. Eisenhower Blvd. • 3 p.m. Warrant, Loveland Public Library, 300 N. Adams Ave. • 3 p.m. Criminal mischief, 4100 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 3 p.m. Trespass, 900 block of Torrey Pine Place. • 4 p.m. Traffic stop, West U.S. 34 and North County Road 23H. • 6 p.m. Weapons, 1700 block of Greeley Drive. • 6 p.m. DUI, West Eisenhower Boulevard and North Van Buren Avenue. • 6 p.m. Assault, 1600 block of Saulsbury Court. • 6 p.m. Warrant, 600 block of East 23rd Street. • 6 p.m. Hit-and-run motor vehicle accident, Medical Center of the Rockies, 2500 Rocky Mountain Avenue. • 6 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, Chilson Recreation Center, 700 E. Fourth St. • 8 p.m. DUI, East Eisenhower Boulevard and Larimer Parkway. • 8 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, Golf Vista Drive and Scenic Drive. • 9 p.m. Shoplifting, Wal-Mart North, 250 W. 65th St. • 10 p.m. Traffic stop, East Seventh Street and North Cleveland Avenue. Advertisement • 11 p.m. Trespass in progress, 400 block of East Eighth Street. Sunday • Midnight. Theft in progress, 2200 block Rocky Mountain Avenue. • 2 a.m. Warrant, 100 block of Knobcone Drive. • 5 a.m. DUI, 4100 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 5 a.m. Warrant, 4000 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 6 a.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, McWhinney Boulevard and Hahns Peak Drive. • 7 a.m. Shoplifting, 7-Eleven, 2081 W. Eisenhower Blvd. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Loveland library users gain access to 5 cities' collections Congressman Jared Polis hosts town hall Sunday in Fort Collins County Road 31 reopens   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Music * Entertainment * History * More Tags... Industry News * Music * More Industries... News By Location * New York City   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Happy Birthday Rimsky-Korsakov! Celebrate with Great Kat's Guitar/Violin on Flight of the Bumble-Bee Guitar World Magazine names The Great Kat "50 Fastest Guitarists of All Time": "The Great Kat signature song 'The Flight of The Bumble Bee'."     Happy 173rd Birthday Rimsky-Korsakov! Celebrate with The Great Kat's Shredding   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Music * Entertainment * History Industry: * Music Location: * New York City - New York - USNEW YORK - March 5, 2017 - PRLog -- HAPPY 173rd BIRTHDAY RIMSKY-KORSAKOV! (born on March 6, 1844) On YouTube: https://youtu.be/sGUQyKBMklA Celebrate Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's Birthday with THE GREAT KAT'S HIGH-SPEED GUITAR/VIOLIN Shredding on "THE FLIGHT OF THE BUMBLE-BEE" – from The Great Kat's "BEETHOVEN'S GUITAR SHRED" DVD & "BEETHOVEN ON SPEED" CD! GUITAR WORLD MAGAZINE NAMES THE GREAT KAT "50 FASTEST GUITARISTS OF ALL TIME": "THE GREAT KAT SIGNATURE SONG 'The Flight of the Bumble Bee'." YouTube:  https://youtu.be/sGUQyKBMklA & https://youtu.be/kSZigGuw3F8 iTunes Videos: https://itunes.apple.com/us/music-video/the-flight-of-the-bumble-bee/id368743107 Amazon Prime: https://www.amazon.com/Great-Kat-Beethovens-Guitar-Shred/dp/B00C8YYJ7G/ iTunes Music: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-flight-of-the-bumble-bee/id453271734?i=453271738 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/flight-of-the-bumble-bee/id1089012301?i=1089012307 https://youtu.be/sGUQyKBMklA The Great Kat Web Site: http://www.greatkat.com PRESS/TV/RADIO: Get your FREE AUTOGRAPHED CD REVIEW COPY of The Great Kat's "BEETHOVEN'S GUITAR SHRED" DVD Featuring "The Flight Of The Bumble-Bee" & To Set up Great Kat Interviews:  contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas PR: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 or Toll Free (US & Canada Only) 800-KAT-8664 http://www.greatkat.com PHOTOS: http://www.greatkat.com/08/dvd/TheFlightOfTheBumbleBee12logo3.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/dvd/Bumblebee14logo2.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/dvd/beethovensguitarshreddvd.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/beethovenonspeed/beethovenonspeed.jpg About The Great Kat: Legendary Guitar/Violin Double Virtuoso, The Great Kat http://www.greatkat.com is the world-famous Juilliard graduate Classical Violin Virtuoso/Carnegie Recital Hall Violin Soloist/Winner of "Artists International Competition". The Great Kat performed as a Prodigy Violin Soloist for NYC Mayor Ed Koch at Gracie Mansion and for Coahuila, Mexico Governor Flores Tapia at the Centennial of General Vito Alessio Robles' birth and at the famous Teatro Fernando Soler in Saltillo, Mexico and was awarded the "Certificate of Merit" from New York Governor Mario Cuomo. The Great Kat is now the world's fastest Shred Guitar Virtuoso/"TOP 10 FASTEST SHREDDERS OF ALL TIME" (Guitar One Magazine)/ "FAMOUS JUILLIARD SCHOOL ALUMNI" (Ranker.com)/Reincarnation of Beethoven and the ONLY Guitar-Violin Double Virtuoso since Niccolo Paganini. Timothy Leary, cultural icon collaborated with The Great Kat Violin Virtuoso on the rock song "Right Brain Lover". Retailing giant Tesco is now featuring The Great Kat's virtuoso Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" music in the TV commercial for the popular Activision video game "Call of Duty: Ghosts" http://youtu.be/6tW_ik2J000 . Warner Music Group has just released The Great Kat's legendary "Worship Me Or Die!" and "Beethoven On Speed" Speed Metal Albums as digital downloads on iTunes and more: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 ."Beethoven On Speed" and "Beethoven Shreds" are now featured in "America's Beethoven" Exhibit at the "American Beethoven Society". MVD Entertainment Group is distributing The Great Kat's Albums & Music Videos worldwide http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006. The Great Kat's CDs,DVDs & Downloads are available at Walmart, Amazon, Target, iTunes, Barnes and Noble and more stores worldwide. BBC Radio's "The Arts Hour" features The Great Kat Shredding Beethoven's "5th Symphony" and Interview from "Fast And Furioso" Show (heard on BBC Radio 4). More info: http://www.greatkat.com. Contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas Public Relations, Inc: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 http://www.greatkat.com Links: The Great Kat Website: http://www.greatkat.com iTunes Music: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/great-kat/id384709526 iTunes Video: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/the-great-kat/id368743108 Walmart: https://www.walmart.com/search/?query=%22the%20great%20kat%22 Twitter: http://twitter.com/greatkatguitar and https://twitter.com/greatkatviolin Vimeo: https://vimeo.com/thegreatkat YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/KthomasPR Instagram: http://instagram.com/greatkatguitar Ringtones: http://www.greatkat.com/ringtones/greatkatringtones.html Warner Music: Great Kat's Legendary "WORSHIP ME OR DIE!" & "BEETHOVEN ON SPEED" Albums on Warner Music https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 The Great Kat Albums & Music Videos on MVD Entertainment Group: http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006 End Source : Thomas PR Email : ***@thomas-pr.com Tags : Music, Entertainment, History Industry : Music Location : New York City - New York - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Thomas Public Relations News YouTube Videos: Beethoven Interview & Tantrum Meme From The Great Kat-Fastest Guitar/Violin Shredder Happy 339th Birthday Vivaldi-Celebrate with Great Kat's Blistering Guitar/Violin on The Four Seasons iTunes Videos & Apple Music Premiere "Terror" New Music Video About 9/11 From The Great Kat! Happy Mardi Gras & Rossini's 225th Birthday! Celebrate with The Great Kat's Insane Music Videos! Just in Time for Mardi Gras – iTunes Videos Premieres Great Kat's Bazzini's Round of the Goblins Trending Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine North Florida Land Trust urges legislators to do the right thing and properly fund land conservation Income& Named a Finalist in First Annual LendIt Awards One Thousand Dollar Scholarship Available CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® at Philly's Kawaii Kitty Café Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 05, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 59° View Live Radar Wed H 69° L 38° Thu H 72° L 48° Fri H 66° L 40° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Body found off Shugart Road in Dalton identified Body found off Shugart Road in Dalton identified March 5th, 2017 by Staff Report in Breaking News Shugart Road 34.790035, -84.997866 Directions To | Directions From Driver's license photo of Colin Shropshire. Driver's license photo of Colin Shropshire. Updated Sunday at 6:30 p.m.: The man has been identified as Colin Chavez Shropshire, 26, of LaFayette, Ga.  Shropshire was reported missing Friday night at approximately 10 p.m. and was last seen at Cliffs Apartments on Shugart Road at approximately 1:30 a.m. Friday morning, Dalton Police Department spokesman Bruce Frazier said in a statement. It was reported to police that Shropshire left the apartment complex on foot. A passerby found his body in the creek between Academy Sports and The Home Depot, according to the release.  Shropshire's body was found partially in the water near the edge of the creek and is being sent for an autopsy.  Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Brian Shirley at 706-278-9085, dial 9 and enter extension 189. ___ Original article at 4:03 p.m.: Dalton police say a body has been found in the woods behind The Home Depot on Shugart Road. Officers and investigators are on the scene at the Wal-Mart/Home Depot shopping center, Dalton Police Department spokesman Bruce Frazier said in a statement. The only information available so far is the corpse is that of an adult  male, Frazier said.  He said an update would be forthcoming. This is a developing story. More Articles Read previous article Dead woman found in smoky house in Cleveland, Tenn. Read next article Trump accuses Obama of tapping his phones, invokes Watergate Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles New property assessments may inflate tax bills for some Chattanooga area homeowners Judge: Woodmore bus crash evidence to remain sealed while driver faces criminal prosecution Tennessee doesn't have drugs needed to carry out lethal injection [video] Hutcheson trustee asks Lookout Mountain physician to return $85,000 in consultant pay North Georgia meth ring suspect may have to repay $255,000 in drug sale profits if convicted Dogwood Manor Apartments residents air grievances over lock-out fees, laundry facilities Hiwassee River cleanup planned for March 25 Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency restocks Gatlinburg trout streams Gatlinburg, Tenn., officials plan modern upgrade of alert system Tennessee mother pleads guilty to killing 7-week-old baby Georgia man sentenced to prison for filming himself naked in neighbor's home Juvenile in stable condition after being struck by a car
Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Breaking911 Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Home Crime Illegal Alien Gets 27 Years For Violent Kidnapping Attempt, Shooting at Officers Crime International Illegal Alien Gets 27 Years For Violent Kidnapping Attempt, Shooting at Officers March 5, 2017 0 152 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Photo Source: Handout DALLAS — Jose Cardenas Aguirre, 25, of Dallas, was sentenced to 324 months in federal prison, following his guilty plea in October 2016 to one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping. Aguirre is a Mexican citizen and was in the United States illegally at the time of the offense. Aguirre will be deported after serving his sentence. Co-defendants Melissa Trevino, 23, Javier Martinez, 24, Maria Guadalupe Bello, 22, and Indolfo Martinez, 47, who is Javier Martinez’s father, have pleaded guilty to their roles in the kidnapping, cocaine and heroin distribution, and/or firearm offenses in a case related to the attempted kidnapping of an individual because of an unpaid drug debt and are awaiting sentencing. One remaining defendant charged in the case, Jonathan Benitez, remains a fugitive. According to plea documents filed in the case, on July 12, 2016, Javier Martinez, along with co-defendants Jose Cardenas Aguirre and Melissa Trevino, planned to kidnap another individual because of an $800 unpaid drug debt involving cocaine. Prior to the planned kidnapping, Javier Martinez and Aguirre purchased rubber gloves, zip ties, and duct tape from Walmart. They wore ballistic vests and black camouflage clothing. In the attempt to kidnap the victim, Martinez and Cardenas Aguirre filed numerous shot into a home in Ennis. The kidnapping was ultimately unsuccessful, and as Javier Martinez, Aguirre, and Trevino fled the scene, they were engaged in a high-speed chase with officers with the Ennis Police Department. During this pursuit, Javier Martinez, using an AR-15 style rifle, fired numerous shots at a police officer. After their car was disabled, Martinez, Cardenas-Aguirre, and Trevino fled from police on foot. Cardenas Aguirre and Trevino were arrested following an eight-hour search. Martinez was apprehended several weeks later. Comments SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleISIS militants accused of using ‘blistering chemical agent’ in attacks in Mosul Next articleDeputy Injured In ‘Unprovoked Attack’ Outside Orlando Soccer Game – [VIDEO] ---- Follow Us 176,393FansLike 179,808FollowersFollow 736SubscribersSubscribe Breaking Washington Post Employee Impersonated ICE Agent, House Raided By Feds: Report March 6, 2017 Former California Mayor Arrested at San Francisco Airport March 6, 2017 ICE Arrests Former Colombian Army Commander In Texas, To Be Deported March 6, 2017 DHS Considering Policy To Separate Illegal Immigrant Families at Border March 6, 2017 TSA says passengers who opt out of other technology will face... March 6, 2017 Trending Blizzard Warning Issued … For Hawaii December 23, 2014 Mass Shooting on Airport Way In Seattle January 26, 2016 Al-Qaida says Trump has ignited ‘the flame of jihad’ with Yemen... February 5, 2017 Border Patrol Nabs Previously Deported Convicted Sex Offender February 20, 2017 Calif. man who tried to join ISIS gets 30 years in... September 29, 2016 Recommended Washington Post Employee Impersonated ICE Agent, House Raided By Feds: Report March 6, 2017 Former California Mayor Arrested at San Francisco Airport March 6, 2017 ICE Arrests Former Colombian Army Commander In Texas, To Be Deported March 6, 2017 Buzz Washington Post Employee Impersonated ICE Agent, House Raided By Feds: Report March 6, 2017 Former California Mayor Arrested at San Francisco Airport March 6, 2017 ICE Arrests Former Colombian Army Commander In Texas, To Be Deported March 6, 2017 Popular Topics U.S.22060 Video1821 Tech1303 Crime1297 Terrorism1073 Politics796 Weather704 International694 © Copyright 2017 | Breaking911 All rights reserved MORE STORIES Washington Post Employee Impersonated ICE Agent, House Raided By Feds: Report March 6, 2017
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Progress 2017: For creating a city plan, collaboration is key Sunday Mar 5, 2017 at 8:41 PM Mar 5, 2017 at 8:41 PM By Independence Mayor Eileen Weir Independence is off to a fast start in 2017 with the adoption of the five-year Strategic Plan and the Independence Leadership Exchange trip to Bentonville, Arkansas. Through the strategic planning process and the visit to Bentonville, our city leaders are recognizing the power of effective collaboration to achieve the community’s goals. Late last fall the City Council held a day-long meeting to discuss the aspirations of the citizens we serve. The plan is a direct reflection of the input we received from the community. It outlines strategies and tactics to achieve the goals that residents and civic leaders have told us matter the most. It is the people’s plan. Based on the information gathered from people who live and work in Independence, we have created a plan to improve the quality of our city, increase the economic prosperity of the community, and ensure we have a financially stable city government focused on providing exceptional customer service. Together, we are building a city nationally recognized for our quality neighborhoods, 21st century jobs, growing economy, diversity, and that is safe and family-friendly. A two-day trip to Bentonville with more than 40 community members soon followed the official adoption of the Strategic Plan. The visit included presentations on downtown redevelopment, parks and recreation, tourism, public safety, and education. Bentonville is best known as the world headquarters for Wal-Mart, which brings enormous financial resources to the region, but overwhelmingly community leaders credited collaboration as the key to the city’s success. Independence is well-positioned for success in 2017 and beyond. Your City Council is united in its commitment to accomplish the goals of the community by focusing the public resources. Our partnerships are strong, and we are working together to meet our shared goals of prosperity and quality for our residents and businesses. This is your city and our strategic planning and Leadership Exchange trip help us to create policies and programs with the citizens’ needs and desires in mind. Now we need the community’s support to carry out the plan. Everyone can help by focusing on cleaning up the appearance of the city, supporting our schools, and supporting our local businesses. Our City as a whole, and each resident, benefits when we rise together.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Yellow Pages Vacation Hold Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Find Independence jobs Cars Real Estate FindNSave Boats Magazine Online Submissions Engagements Weddings Births Anniversaries Sister Publication Boonville Daily News Linn County Leader Lake Sun Leader Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune The Examiner Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Examiner ~ 410 S. Liberty, Independence, MO 64050 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World News Columnists Reader Submitted My Legislators Shareable Databases Sports High School Mavericks Sports Columnists Sports Calendar Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Milestones Storytellers Engagements Weddings Home & Garden Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Legislators Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber Subscribe E-Edition Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
News Newport News New plan in the works for Jefferson Avenue improvements Reema AminContact Reporterramin@dailypress.com Privacy Policy The city has revised its plan to improve traffic along Jefferson Avenue after its original idea to extend Habersham Drive through a runway protection zone, in expectation of a now-dead plan for a popular grocery store, was rejected by the Federal Aviation Administration last year. This new plan would be a "major" improvement for southbound Jefferson traffic but not as much for northbound traffic, according to Everett Skipper, the city's director of engineering, who presented the revisions to the City Council last week. Northbound travel times would see some positive impact, he said. Pedestrian crossing would be split and more turn lanes would be added at roads that connect to Jefferson, Skipper said. This revision won't improve traffic as much as the original idea, but it will have a significant effect and likely be cheaper, he said. Engineering staff is working on a design and could put the project out to bid by early next year, Skipper said. The revised plan could come in just under $3 million, with the city covering half of the cost through a state revenue sharing program, Skipper said, adding that's an early estimate. The original plan was estimated to cost $6 million, he said. The first plan was to extend Habersham Drive through a runway protection zone and connect it to a relocated Brick Kiln Boulevard. That idea came with a proposed Wegman's grocery store at the corner of Jefferson Avenue and Brick Kiln Boulevard. Wegman's would have been the 125,000-square-foot anchor of a shopping center with six other retail buildings. FAA rejects Newport News road extension aimed to ease traffic near airport Theresa Clift A roadway extension that had once been a key component of a controversial plan to build a Wegmans grocery store near the Newport News-Williamsburg International Airport has been rejected by the Federal Aviation Administration. The denial of the extension, which aimed to reduce congestion on Jefferson... A roadway extension that had once been a key component of a controversial plan to build a Wegmans grocery store near the Newport News-Williamsburg International Airport has been rejected by the Federal Aviation Administration. The denial of the extension, which aimed to reduce congestion on Jefferson... (Theresa Clift) The plan was pulled after the company began to expect a rejection from the City Council for a rezoning request. Two months later, the Federal Aviation Administration rejected the city's request to extend Habersham across the runway protection zone. One of the big changes is adding pedestrian refuges along crosswalks at Boykin Lane, Habersham Drive and Brick Kiln Boulevard, Skipper said. Instead of the current 60-second crossing, there would be two 30-second segments with refuges for people who can't make it the whole way. This would give an additional 30 seconds for cars to travel north and south on Jefferson. Wegmans no longer planning a Peninsula store Theresa Clift It's official: Wegmans is no longer planning to open a Peninsula store, a company spokeswoman told the Daily Press. When the popular New York-based grocery chain in June pulled its application for rezoning in light of an expected rejection by the Newport News City Council, the developers said they... It's official: Wegmans is no longer planning to open a Peninsula store, a company spokeswoman told the Daily Press. When the popular New York-based grocery chain in June pulled its application for rezoning in light of an expected rejection by the Newport News City Council, the developers said they... (Theresa Clift) Councilwoman Saundra Cherry asked Skipper if he thinks that people would actually "cross Jefferson Avenue and pause" during peak hours. Skipper said that if you don't wait, you're putting your life in danger. In an interview Friday, he said, "I can cross the whole thing in 30 seconds," but the department must assume that people are moving at a slow speed for safety reasons. This new plan would also add right-turn lanes to Habersham and Brick Kiln, cutting off access straight across Jefferson from Brick Kiln, he said. People trying to go to Wal-Mart would have to turn right on Jefferson, then left on Habersham, or make a U-turn somewhere. The trade-off is that Jefferson Avenue traffic would see some relief: Travel time north from Brick Kiln to Boykin would drop from 119 seconds to 112 during the peak evening hours, and travel time south from Boykin to Brick Kiln would drop from 128 seconds to 70 seconds, Skipper said. "It helps quite a bit, but it's not as good (as the original plan), mainly because with the original plan, the connection at Habersham allowed us to split the traffic better," Skipper said. The city is also trying to pursue "Ramp C," or a new off-ramp at Exit 255 on westbound Interstate 64, Skipper said. It would allow traffic heading toward Warwick to skip Jefferson Avenue via Boykin Lane and would ease congestion on Jefferson, he said. "About 700 of cars that would otherwise go northbound on the interstate are projected to take this ramp," Skipper told the council members. The Virginia Department of Transportation declined the city's request for Ramp C funding because it has not completed an ongoing study of the interstate. But VDOT has said it's an "appropriate and reasonable project," Skipper said. City Manager Jim Bourey added that VDOT has been supportive of this idea. The transportation agency is not expected to finish the study for another six months, Skipper said. Amin can be reached by phone at 757-247-4890. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Virginia Department of Transportation Federal Aviation Administration HR Business Video Newport News could pay $2M for road extension near proposed Wegmans In new Newport News capital plan, Tech Center research park still most costly city project Top Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 51°
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of March 6-10, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of March 6-10, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – South Hollymead Drive will be closed at the Route 29 intersection between 9 p.m. Thursday and 6 a.m. Friday for asphalt paving near the intersection. A signed detour will direct traffic to North Hollymead Drive. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Flagging operations on Greenbrier Drive between Route 29 and Hillsdale Drive, Monday through Friday. One-lane traffic controlled by flaggers; brief delays are likely. Pedestrians should be alert for construction equipment moving in and out of the work zone. A new section of Hillsdale Drive Extension opened Feb. 24. Existing Hillsdale Drive at Hydraulic Road will now connect to India Road. Line Drive is closed to traffic between India Road and Zan Road for approximately one month. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized Tagssection, Travel, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SCHOOLHOUSE ROAD PROJECT IN BEALETON BEGINS – Intersection improvements will address safety concerns near Cedar Lee Middle School Next PostNext RT. 629 BRIDGE WILL CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION MARCH 6 – Motorists advised to use alternate routes during three-week closure Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading China’s online boycott puts Lotte in cross hairs amid THAAD row  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies ONLINE SHOPPING Consumers Consumers China’s online boycott puts Lotte in cross hairs amid THAAD row China’s e-commerce platforms are spearheading an anti-Lotte campaign amid Sino-Korean tensions over US-backed THAAD system PUBLISHED : Monday, 06 March, 2017, 8:00am UPDATED : Monday, 06 March, 2017, 9:20am Comments:   Celine Ge celine.ge@scmp.com http://twitter.com/CelineJGE Share PrintEmail Related topics Consumers More on this story Diplomacy & Defence China's response to THAAD does not warrant South Korean action - minister 9 Feb 2017 East Asia South Korea signals delay in signing contract on THAAD missile deployment site 16 Jan 2017 East Asia South Korea's Lotte approves golf course site for THAAD deployment 27 Feb 2017 Related Articles Economy Retail sales slip in January despite rise in mainland visitors 2 Mar 2017 Companies Victoria’s Secret opens first flagship store in Shanghai 1 Mar 2017 Insight & Opinion How big data can help struggling Hong Kong retailers 22 Feb 2017 Lotte, the Japanese-Korean conglomerate with businesses from confectionery to malls, has found itself in the cross hairs of China’s nationalist mobs last week as online shoppers and internet trolls launched a boycott of the brand for allowing a US missile defence system to be placed on a plot of Lotte land in South Korea. Responding to the coordinated boycott, some brick-and-mortar retailers and online shopping platforms have removed everything under the Lotte brand – from cosmetics to candies – from their physical and digital shelves. “We have completely scrubbed the name of Lotte from our website,” Chen Ou, founder and chief executive of China’s biggest cosmetics group-purchasing platform Jumei Youpin, said in a blog post on Sina Weibo last week. “We‘d rather die than carry its goods in future.” Lotte operates five department stores and as many as 100 supermarkets in a dozen Chinese provinces since it extended its footprint into the country in 1994. An estimated 29 per cent of Lotte’s global sales come from China, and Chinese tourists contributed 70 per cent of sales at the group’s duty-free shops in Korea last year. It was not always that way. Helped by the immense popularity of Korean soap operas, pop stars and K-pop dancers, Korean brands and lifestyle products had also been among the most sought-after consumer goods in China. Samsung’s smartphones, Sulwhasoo’s cosmetics and Tous Les Jours’ bakeries are among some of the brands that have captured China by storm in the past five years, riding on the wave of the country’s economic growth and the popularity of K-pop. That has taken a drastic turn amid the campaign led by Chinese state media blaming Lotte for acceding to a Korean government requisition for land to deploy the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) missile shield. Although aimed at protecting South Korea from potential missile strikes by the North – the two Koreas are still technically at war – THAAD’s radars can detect aircraft movements inside China, exposing Chinese military secrets to South Korea’s American ally. South Korea, US forces begin joint military drills amid THAAD missile tensions with Beijing JD.com, the second-largest e-commerce platform backed by Tencent Holdings and Wal-Mart Stores, last week closed its Lotte online site selling South Korea-made confectionery, without giving a reason. Tmall, run by Alibaba Group Holding, closed its Lotte online outlet in January, without giving a reason. Lotte brand goods can still be found on Taobao, the online site operated by Alibaba, the owner of the South China Morning Post. The anti-Lotte campaign now comes with a blacklist of Lotte’s subsidiaries in China, spanning beverages, chemical companies, cafes, cinemas and logistics operators. The tension has also spread to other Korean businesses. Orion, a Seoul-based food producer with two-thirds of the Chinese market for chocolate pies, was under attack on Sina Weibo even after a clarification that it was not a Lotte business. Seoul wants THAAD, but do Koreans? An Orion blog post distancing the company from Lotte was met by this response from a Weibo user called zZYinxin: “Never mind. As long as you are Korean.” Internet campaigns are not unique to Chinese trolls. A boycott called #GrabYourWallet is in full force in the US, pushing Macy’s and Nordstrom stores to stop carrying the Ivanka Trump line of clothing and accessories in protest against her father Donald Trump’s policies. In a country where the scars and memories of China’s Cultural Revolution’s mob violence are barely 40 years old, the journey from political violence to online protest is a thumb’s swipe on a smartphone or a blog post away. Many foreign businesses had found themselves on the short end of the Chinese fuse. French retailer Carrefour was boycotted in 2008, when a Chinese Olympic torch bearer going through Paris was met by human rights activists protesting China’s rights abuses. In 2012, Japanese businesses caught China’s ire amid rival sovereignty claims over the Diaoyu islands, also known as the Senkakus, between China and Japan. Japanese restaurants and vehicles made by Nissan Motor, Toyota Motor Corp and Honda Motor were vandalised by mobs in a rampage that spread to many Chinese cities, leaving millions of yuan in damaged property and at least one Chinese consumer severely injured. Now, the rampage is spreading online as China’s explosive growth in e-commerce dominates the everyday life of Chinese consumers.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Why Hong Kong’s container port may be in terminal decline 2 China signals change of course on yuan policy 3 China vows to simplify VAT rules 4 China’s lab-grown diamond industry has De Beers fighting back 5 How China’s Airbnb clones went from copycats to copied Shared 1 Why Hong Kong’s container port may be in terminal decline 2 How China’s Airbnb clones went from copycats to copied 3 China vows to simplify VAT rules 4 China signals change of course on yuan policy 5 China’s lab-grown diamond industry has De Beers fighting back Commented 1 Premier Li publicly denounces notion of Hong Kong independence 2 Xi likely to preside over military parade in handover anniversary 3 ‘Bad guy’ Obama denies explosive Trump wiretapping claim 4 Hong Kong can create its own smog, researchers say 5 South Korea to retaliate against China ‘discrimination’, says minister Promotions SCMP invites you to Taste of Hong Kong 2017       You may also like Opinion China’s ‘Two Sessions’: economy on agenda, Trump on hidden agenda 4 Mar 2017 - 10:45am 4 More to big data than meets the eye In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud China Why is China’s budget so incomprehensible? 4 Mar 2017 - 10:02am 4 PolyU announces the Fourth Hong Kong SME Business Sustainability Index Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong After 1997 everything changed, actor Anthony Wong laments 4 Mar 2017 - 11:02am 29 Opinion Globalisation’s not dead, it just has a new powerhouse – Asia 4 Mar 2017 - 1:33pm 3 Geopolitics The real agenda behind Saudi king’s tour of Asia 5 Mar 2017 - 5:29pm 5 China Ancient skulls flesh out China’s Neanderthal past 3 Mar 2017 - 10:08pm 5 Hong Kong Meet the only Hongkonger in UK’s Grenadier Guards Mar 4th 2017, 4:13pm Global Economy Blame our civil service for the second class city that we’ve become 2 Mar 2017 - 6:50pm 67 Insight & Opinion Why do so many in Hong Kong love to hate Regina Ip? 2 Mar 2017 - 8:47pm 42 Hong Kong Hong Kong makes final shortlist to host 2022 ‘gay Olympics’ 2 Mar 2017 - 11:26pm 51 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
News Hampton Hampton to consider repealing panhandling law Dave RessContact Reporterdress@dailypress.com Privacy Policy HAMPTON — Hampton should do away with an ordinance that targets aggressive panhandlers before it gets into trouble with the courts, city officials say. The City Council is due to vote on that suggestion Wednesday. "There are other laws that apply. If you're feeling threatened or unsafe, you should continue calling the police," said Deputy City Attorney Brandi Law. Hampton's ordinance, enacted after city staff and a citizen committee in 2007 recommended a measure to prohibit aggressive panhandling, says it is illegal to, among other things, keep asking for a handout after being told no, or to use abusive or profane language intended to intimidate. But new federal court standards about freedom of speech could leave the law open to challenge — and a challenge that could cost the city a lot of money to fight off, Vice Mayor Linda Curtis has said. Law will allow Peninsula distillers to sell bottles at events Tara Bozick Peninsula craft distilleries see another sales avenue with new legislation signed by Gov. Terry McAuliffe that enables Virginia distillers to sell liquor bottles at specific festivals and events. "I'm happy that liquor is beginning to be treated more and more as beer and wine," said distiller Owen... Peninsula craft distilleries see another sales avenue with new legislation signed by Gov. Terry McAuliffe that enables Virginia distillers to sell liquor bottles at specific festivals and events. "I'm happy that liquor is beginning to be treated more and more as beer and wine," said distiller Owen... (Tara Bozick) A federal district court in Massachusetts ruled that the city of Lowell's panhandling ordinance, which like Hampton's prohibited panhandlers from repeated requests after they'd been turned down, was unconstitutional. The decision came in response to a 2015 U.S. Supreme Court decision overturning an Arizona town's ordinance about signs. And after reading that same Supreme Court decision, a federal appeals court in Illinois reversed an earlier decision upholding the city of Springfield's panhandling ordinance. A state court in Florida overturned a Tampa ordinance that is very much like Hampton's, while a Washington state court overturned a panhandler's conviction under the Lakewood, Wash., panhandling ordinance. Supreme Court sends Grimm transgender case back to lower court in light of new federal guidance Frances Hubbard The U.S. Supreme Court is sending the case of 17-year-old Gavin Grimm back to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals after President Donald Trump overturned a federal policy on transgender students' access to school restrooms. The high court announced its decision to vacate the case and remand it... The U.S. Supreme Court is sending the case of 17-year-old Gavin Grimm back to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals after President Donald Trump overturned a federal policy on transgender students' access to school restrooms. The high court announced its decision to vacate the case and remand it... (Frances Hubbard) The 2015 U.S. Supreme Court decision expanded the definition of what's protected by the First Amendment's free speech guarantee. An Arizona pastor had put up 17 signs around town notifying people about when and where his church had services, but the town's sign ordinance set limits on the size and number of signs were banned except for those involving political events, campaigns or what it called other qualifying events. That meant a government was regulating the content of what the pastor wanted to say, and that's a violation of the First Amendment, Justice Clarence Thomas ruled. Before then, courts had held such ordinances did not violate the Constitution as long as they didn't reflect hostility to the content of speech or of a sign. Law said a number of state laws and local ordinances banning a range of behavior from assault to trespassing to impeding traffic to disorderly conduct to fraud all give police ways to deal with the behavior the aggressive panhandling ordinance is meant to address. In addition, last year the city passed a new trespassing ordinance that allows police to ban people from private property if they violate rules of the property owner. So far, 17 businesses that ban panhandling on their property, including the owners of Peninsula Town Center, Power Plant, Coliseum Corner, Coliseum Marketplace, Queen's Plaza and Wal-Mart, have authorized Hampton Police to act on their behalf and press charges of trespassing. Complaints about panhandling have dropped from a peak of more than 80 a month early last year to under 40 a month by the end of the year, city records show. Enforcing those state and local laws, including the new trespassing ordinance, does not raise freedom of speech issues, Law said. Newport News has an aggressive panhandling ordinance. It describes aggressive panhandling as touching, blocking someone's passage, or using profane or abusive language while asking for money. Ress can be reached by phone at 757-247-4535. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Clarence Thomas HR Politics Video Panelists at Hampton NAACP forum voice concern about impact of marijuana laws Another redistricting blow for Virginia GOP: Judges award $1.3 million in attorneys fees Tale of a bill: Hacking a way through the legislative jungle of Virginia's General Assembly Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 51°
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Oscars Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World COMMENT March 7 2017 - 10:26AM Save Print Republicans: a party not ready to govern Paul Krugman Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: According to Politico, a Trump confidante says that the man in the Oval Office - or more often at Mar-a-Lago - is "tired of everyone thinking his presidency is screwed up". Pro tip: The best way to combat perceptions that you're screwing up is, you know, to stop screwing up. But he can't, of course. And it's not just a personal problem. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next PM praises Indonesia Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:56 Legal battle against travel ban set to ... Legal battle against travel ban set to resume As US President Donald Trump signs a revised travel ban order, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) says, "We will continue to challenge it." Up Next PM praises Indonesia Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 PM praises Indonesia PM praises Indonesia On a visit to Jakarta, Malcolm Turnbull has singled out the majority Muslin country as an example of tolerance and respect. Courtesy ABC News 24. Up Next Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 Republicans unveil bill to repeal ... Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare Republicans in the US House of Representatives unveil the long-awaited legislation to repeal much of the Obamacare healthcare law, including its expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor. Up Next Fact check: Ben Carson reimagines slavery Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:59 Video duration 00:59 Fact check: Ben Carson reimagines slavery Fact check: Ben Carson reimagines slavery Ben Carson has an alternative, if perplexing view on immigration, saying those who came "in the bottom of slave ships worked even longer, even harder for less". Up Next Venezuela slams Peruvian President as 'a dog' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Venezuela slams Peruvian President as 'a ... Venezuela slams Peruvian President as 'a dog' Venezuela lashes out at "coward" Pedro Kuczynski after the Peruvian President made remarks about Latin America and Hugo Chavez while visiting the US last week. Up Next Five differences in latest US travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:28 Video duration 01:28 Five differences in latest US travel ban Five differences in latest US travel ban What are the major changes in President Trump's temporary travel ban for a number of majority-Muslim nations? Up Next Northern Ireland leaders launch crunch talks Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:11 Video duration 01:11 Northern Ireland leaders launch crunch ... Northern Ireland leaders launch crunch talks High-stakes talks begin between leaders in Northern Ireland, in the hope of saving their power-sharing government.. More videos Legal battle against travel ban set to resume As US President Donald Trump signs a revised travel ban order, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) says, "We will continue to challenge it." It goes without saying that Donald Trump is the least qualified individual, temperamentally or intellectually, ever installed in the White House. As he veers from wild accusations against former president Barack Obama to snide remarks about Arnold Schwarzenegger, he's doing a very good imitation of someone experiencing a personal breakdown - even though he has yet to confront a crisis not of his own making. Thanks, Comey. But the broader Republican quagmire - the party's failure so far to make significant progress toward any of its policy promises - isn't just about Trump's inadequacies. The whole party, it turns out, has been faking it for years. Its leaders' rhetoric was empty; they have no idea how to turn their slogans into actual legislation, because they've never bothered to understand how anything important works. Related Content Trump's anger is a dangerous cycle that will keep on repeating Inside Trump's fury: President rages at leaks, setbacks and accusations Take the two lead items in the congressional GOP's agenda: undoing the Affordable Care Act and reforming corporate taxes. In each case Republicans seem utterly shocked to find themselves facing reality. The story of Obamacare repeal would be funny if the health care - and, in many cases, the lives - of millions of Americans weren't at stake. Advertisement First we had seven - seven - years during which Republicans kept promising to offer an alternative to Obamacare any day now, but never did. Then came the months after the election, with more promises of details just around the corner. Now there's apparently a plan hidden somewhere in the Capitol basement. Why the secrecy? Because the Republicans have belatedly discovered what some of us tried to tell them all along: The only way to maintain coverage for the 20 million people who gained insurance thanks to Obamacare is with a plan that, surprise, looks a lot like Obamacare. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link All tied up: President Donald Trump arrives at Orlando International Airport on Friday. Photo: AP Sure enough, the new plan reportedly does look like a sort of half-baked version of the Affordable Care Act. Politically, it seems to embody the worst of both worlds: It's enough like Obamacare to infuriate hard-line conservatives, but it weakens key aspects of the law enough to deprive millions of Americans - many of them white working-class voters who backed Donald Trump - of essential health care. The idea, apparently, is to deal with these problems by passing the plan before anyone gets a chance to really see or think about what's in it. Good luck with that. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump wants to repeal Obamacare. Photo: AP Then there's corporate tax reform - an issue where the plan being advanced by Paul Ryan, the House speaker, is actually not too bad, at least in principle. Even some Democratic-leaning economists support a shift to a "destination-based cash flow tax", which is best thought of as a sales tax plus a payroll subsidy. (Trust me.) But Ryan has failed spectacularly to make his case either to colleagues or to powerful interest groups. Why? As best I can tell, it's because he himself doesn't understand the point of the reform. Donald Trump is the least qualified individual, temperamentally or intellectually, ever installed in the White House. The case for the cash flow tax is quite technical; among other things, it would remove the incentives the current tax system creates for corporations to load up on debt and to engage in certain kinds of tax avoidance. But that's not the kind of thing Republicans talk about - if anything, they're in favour of tax avoidance, hence the Trump proposal to slash funding for the IRS. No, in GOP world, tax ideas always have to be presented as ways to remove the shackles from oppressed job creators. So Ryan has framed his proposal, basically falsely, as a measure to make American industry more competitive, focusing on the "border tax adjustment" which is part of the sales-tax component of the reform. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link House Speaker Paul Ryan.  Photo: AP This misrepresentation seems, however, to be backfiring: It sounds like a Trumpist tariff, and has both conservatives and retailers like Wal-Mart up in arms. At this point, then, major Republican initiatives are bogged down for reasons that have nothing to do with the personality flaws of the tweeter in chief, and everything to do with the broader, more fundamental fecklessness of his party. Does this mean that nothing substantive will happen on the policy front? Not necessarily. Republicans may decide to ram through a health plan that causes mass suffering, and hope to blame it on Obama. They may give up on anything resembling a principled tax reform, and just throw a few trillion dollars at rich people instead. But whatever the eventual outcome, what we're witnessing is what happens when a party that gave up hard thinking in favour of empty sloganeering ends up in charge of actual policy. And it's not a pretty sight. Paul Krugman is an New York Times columnist, Nobel Economics Science laureate and author of several books including The Return of Depression Economics. New York Times Related Content Is Donald Trump bonkers, paranoid or trapped? 'March 4 Trump' rallies turn violent as protesters clash with supporters Donald Trump asks Congress to investigate wiretap news reports 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement Most Popular Travel ban rollout shows all is not well in Trumpworld Malaysian PM lashes out at North Korea for keeping its citizens from leaving US Marine Corps rocked by nude photo scandal US travel ban: Malcolm Turnbull praises Indonesia when asked about ban Carson compares slaves to immigrants Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Travel ban rollout shows all is not well in Trumpworld Time to shake the complacency about North Korea's nuclear obsession Inside Trump's fury: President rages at leaks, setbacks and accusations Iraq not included in new Donald Trump order banning travel US Marine Corps rocked by nude photo scandal Canberra Times Woman, child killed in horror crash south of Sydney Government planning massive new Department of Homeland Security 'Monster' Canberra shopping centre sells for $135.1 million We called Australia's peak business groups on a Sunday - they didn't answer Canberra's crime hotspots revealed The Sydney Morning Herald Woman, child killed in horror crash south of Sydney Meghan Markle has commenced her princess transformation Backpacker rescued after two-month hostage ordeal in outback Queensland Moama drowning: Pit bull 'Buddy' spared by police who say dog acted to save boy Travel ban rollout shows all is not well in Trumpworld The Age ATO eye cafes, restaurants, beauty salons in illegal cash economy fight Meghan Markle has commenced her princess transformation Seven charts show exactly how much Australia's workforce has changed since 1911 Raucous session sees new Speaker get tough as Nardella joins crossbench Backpacker rescued after two-month hostage ordeal in outback Queensland Brisbane Times Backpacker rescued after two-month hostage ordeal in outback Queensland Brother charged with murdering golf club chef in home Fraudster ex-LNP MP Scott Driscoll taken into custody 'Twin-bend' electric buses that will drive Brisbane's metro British backpacker met accused rapist at 'bush doof' near Cairns WA Today 'Extreme concern': WA engineers say Perth Stadium footbridge could collapse Leaked Liberal polling forecasts massive WA election loss Backpacker rescued after two-month hostage ordeal in outback Queensland Two men dead after being 'cooked from the inside' in drug overdose ATO eye cafes, restaurants, beauty salons in illegal cash economy fight Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Factbox: Bird flu found in U.S. state of Tennessee ReutersMarch 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share (Reuters) - A bird flu strain was found in a chicken breeder flock on a Tennessee farm contracted to Tyson Foods Inc and 73,500 birds were killed by the disease or culled to control its spread, the government and company officials said on Sunday. It was the first confirmed case of highly pathogenic avian influenza (HPAI) in a commercial U.S. flock this year and the first-ever HPAI case for Tennessee. During an outbreak in 2014 and 2015, dozens of countries imposed total or partial bans on U.S. poultry and egg imports. The Tennessee outbreak has already prompted South Korea, Japan, Taiwan and Hong Kong to limit imports of U.S. poultry. The United States exported $4.65 billion of poultry and poultry products, including eggs, in 2016, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Following are facts about the U.S. poultry market from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), industry groups and company filings. TOP FIVE U.S. POULTRY PRODUCING STATES Georgia: 1.340 billion broiler chickens in 2015 Alabama: 1.083 billion Arkansas: 962 million North Carolina: 823 million Mississippi: 723 million Tennessee ranks 15th at 185 million U.S. total: 8.687 billion TOP 5 U.S. POULTRY AND EGG MARKETS AND THEIR IMPORT RESTRICTIONS 1. MEXICO ($1.13 billion in U.S. imports in 2016) Mexico has banned poultry imports from Tennessee, according to its agricultural ministry. Mexico still bans imports of frozen poultry and poultry products from birds originating from, slaughtered or processed in 15 states before specific dates linked to a previous outbreak of avian flu, according to the USDA. 2. CANADA ($662 million) Banned imports of raw poultry and products produced in or near affected counties in 15 states between certain dates linked to outbreaks of avian flu in past years. Also barred imports of certain processed products. 3. HONG KONG ($472 million) Banned imports of poultry meat and products from Lincoln County, Tennessee. Imports from birds raised, processed, slaughtered or shipped from some counties in 18 other states are also banned, in connection with cases of avian flu in past years. Fully cooked or heat-treated products exempt. 4. TAIWAN ($132 million) Taiwan banned imports of poultry from Tennessee, according to the USA Poultry and Egg Export Council. Imports of poultry and poultry products slaughtered or processed in states with high or low pathogenic avian influenza outbreaks are banned. 5. JAPAN ($119 million) Japan banned imports of poultry from Tennessee, according to the USA Poultry and Egg Export Council. Imports of poultry and products raised, processed, slaughtered or shipped from some areas of 21 states on certain dates linked to past cases of avian flu are banned. Fully cooked products in hermetically sealed containers exempt. TOP U.S. CHICKEN MEAT COMPANIES Tyson Foods: Capacity to process 39 million chickens per week. Major supplier to Wal-Mart Stores Inc, which represented 17.5 percent of Tyson's 2016 consolidated sales. Supplied products to 115 countries in 2016 worth $4.1 billion. Pilgrim's Pride Corp : Majority-owned by meat packer JBS SA. Capacity to process more than 36.7 million birds per week. Sanderson Farms Inc : Capacity to process more than 10.6 million birds per week. TOP POULTRY BROILER MEAT EXPORTERS 1. Brazil: 4.110 million tonnes exported in 2016 2. United States: 2.978 million tonnes 3. European Union: 1.250 million tonnes 4. Thailand: 670,000 tonnes 5. China: 395,000 tonnes (Compiled by Karl Plume and Tom Polansek in Chicago and Adriana Barrera in Mexico City; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Hunter McGrady's Supersexy Red Carpet Look Has an Important Message 3981 messages7%56%37% Most Profitable Investment of All Time CrowdabilitySponsored Prince Jackson opens up about father Michael Jackson's legacy 1 messages The woman behind the story behind the Trump Twitter storm 753 messages4%68%28% Photos of the day - March 5, 2017 11 messages0%92%8% Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored 'Missing Richard Simmons' highlights fitness icon's mysterious whereabouts 3 messages0%50%50% North Korea missiles 'drill for strike on US bases': KCNA 944 messages3%71%26% Andrew Bogut fractures left tibia only one minute into Cavs career 344 messages7%73%20% Missing Wall Street Legend Releases Peculiar Video Banyan HillSponsored 97-year-old twins leave world as they entered it: together 741 messages11%59%30% Jackson Heights’ Muslim enclave in the New York City melting pot 224 messages4%67%29% Retracing President Trump's whirlwind wiretapping claims 5 messages0%50%50% Apple's Nightmare Begins, and Investors Are Happy Wealth DailySponsored Ex-CIA director on wiretap claim: Trump apparently ‘forgot that he was president’ 10400 messages3%64%33% The Messed Wing: Video Emerges of Trump's Purported Tirade Against Steven Bannon, Reince Priebus 3553 messages4%63%33% Canada extends Ukraine troop training mission to 2019 Algis: How do you advance democracy and human rights by training Fascist Swine to murder the minority population. The hypocrisy of the US and English speaking world has grown to staggering proportions. It's totally criminal what the US/EU is doing around the world in the name of freedom. They are nothing but Pirates Of Marque. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 17
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News Don’t Lose the Luster MISSION, Kan., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — (Family Features) Durability is one reason homeowners choose natural stone for their kitchens and bathrooms, but the greatest appeal is often the sheer beauty of the material. Maintaining that luster and shine requires a bit of effort, but the ability to enjoy the unique character of natural stone makes it all worthwhile. It’s important to understand the shine on granite and other natural stone is not from applying a wax, but a natural shine that reflects a rigorous process. After being quarried from the earth’s surface using a combination of diamond wire cables, drills and even dynamite, these stone blocks are taken to a factory for processing. A giant gang saw using diamond blades slices the blocks into a calibrated thickness, similar to a giant bread slicer. The next step is a polishing line, where blocks pass under diamond polishing heads that apply thousands of pounds of pressure per square inch. Here, progressively finer grits bring out the natural polish of the stone. It’s this factory finish that enhances the inherent characteristics of natural stone – the veins, swirls and crystals. From there the slabs are bundled and shipped to local stone manufacturers and installers to be cut to a homeowner’s specifications. Once installed, you can maintain that luxurious factory finish with these tips from the experts at Granite Gold. Clean often. Even miniscule particles could have a detrimental effect on your natural stone. However, it’s important to avoid common cleaners and abrasives as they can break down the protective seal and result in expensive repairs or replacement. Also avoid using an abrasive scrubbing pad, which may leave unsightly scratches. Rely on scrubbing pads designed specifically for natural stone or look for „non-scratch” on the packaging. „Common, everyday household cleaners aren’t formulated for granite, marble, travertine or any other natural-stone surface,” said Lenny Sciarrino, CEO and co-founder of Granite Gold Inc. „They will dull the natural finish – the great luster and shine everyone enjoys – and lead to costly repair or replacement.” Seal frequently. Frequently sealing natural stone surfaces maintains maximum surface protection, penetrating stone surfaces to provide superior, long-lasting resistance to staining, etching and soil buildup. It’s easy to test when to reseal. Pour water (about 3 inches in diameter) on the surface and let it sit for 30 minutes. If the water beads, then the stone remains sealed. However, if a dark mark or ring is created by the water, it is time to reseal. Be sure to repair any etching or stains before the sealant is applied. Polish regularly. Polishing not only brings out the stone’s natural beauty, it reinforces the protective seal and provides ongoing protection against water spots and fingerprints. One time-saving but effective solution after sealing is Granite Gold Clean & Shine, which provides the cleaning power of the line’s Daily Cleaner and the luster from the Polish in one easy-to-use formula. You can find the products nationwide at Walmart, Lowe’s, Home Depot, Bed Bath & Beyond and Amazon; check the store locator at GraniteGold.com. Michael French mfrench@familyfeatures.com  1-888-824-3337 editors.familyfeatures.com About Family Features Editorial Syndicate Established in 1974, Family Features is a leading provider of free food and lifestyle content for print and online publications. Our articles, photos, videos and web content solutions save you time, money and help create advertising opportunities. Registration is fast and free – with absolutely no obligation. Visit editors.familyfeatures.com for more information.   SOURCE Family Features Editorial Syndicate CategoriesUncategorized TagsFood and Beverage, Home and Garden, leave, Lifestyle, lose, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Health Care Market Analysis, Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Next PostNext SCPC Praises Collins/Loebsack Bill Boosting Generic Prescription Drug Payment Transparency Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Don't Lose the Luster Maintain natural stone counters News provided by Family Features Editorial Syndicate Mar 06, 2017, 14:48 ET Share this article MISSION, Kan., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- (Family Features) Durability is one reason homeowners choose natural stone for their kitchens and bathrooms, but the greatest appeal is often the sheer beauty of the material. Maintaining that luster and shine requires a bit of effort, but the ability to enjoy the unique character of natural stone makes it all worthwhile. It's important to understand the shine on granite and other natural stone is not from applying a wax, but a natural shine that reflects a rigorous process. Continue Reading Photo Courtesy of Getty Images After being quarried from the earth's surface using a combination of diamond wire cables, drills and even dynamite, these stone blocks are taken to a factory for processing. A giant gang saw using diamond blades slices the blocks into a calibrated thickness, similar to a giant bread slicer. The next step is a polishing line, where blocks pass under diamond polishing heads that apply thousands of pounds of pressure per square inch. Here, progressively finer grits bring out the natural polish of the stone. It's this factory finish that enhances the inherent characteristics of natural stone – the veins, swirls and crystals. From there the slabs are bundled and shipped to local stone manufacturers and installers to be cut to a homeowner's specifications. Once installed, you can maintain that luxurious factory finish with these tips from the experts at Granite Gold. Clean often. Even miniscule particles could have a detrimental effect on your natural stone. However, it's important to avoid common cleaners and abrasives as they can break down the protective seal and result in expensive repairs or replacement. Also avoid using an abrasive scrubbing pad, which may leave unsightly scratches. Rely on scrubbing pads designed specifically for natural stone or look for "non-scratch" on the packaging. "Common, everyday household cleaners aren't formulated for granite, marble, travertine or any other natural-stone surface," said Lenny Sciarrino, CEO and co-founder of Granite Gold Inc. "They will dull the natural finish – the great luster and shine everyone enjoys – and lead to costly repair or replacement." Seal frequently. Frequently sealing natural stone surfaces maintains maximum surface protection, penetrating stone surfaces to provide superior, long-lasting resistance to staining, etching and soil buildup. It's easy to test when to reseal. Pour water (about 3 inches in diameter) on the surface and let it sit for 30 minutes. If the water beads, then the stone remains sealed. However, if a dark mark or ring is created by the water, it is time to reseal. Be sure to repair any etching or stains before the sealant is applied. Polish regularly. Polishing not only brings out the stone's natural beauty, it reinforces the protective seal and provides ongoing protection against water spots and fingerprints. One time-saving but effective solution after sealing is Granite Gold Clean & Shine, which provides the cleaning power of the line's Daily Cleaner and the luster from the Polish in one easy-to-use formula. You can find the products nationwide at Walmart, Lowe's, Home Depot, Bed Bath & Beyond and Amazon; check the store locator at GraniteGold.com. Michael French mfrench@familyfeatures.com  1-888-824-3337 editors.familyfeatures.com About Family Features Editorial Syndicate Established in 1974, Family Features is a leading provider of free food and lifestyle content for print and online publications. Our articles, photos, videos and web content solutions save you time, money and help create advertising opportunities. Registration is fast and free – with absolutely no obligation. Visit editors.familyfeatures.com for more information.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dont-lose-the-luster-300418585.html SOURCE Family Features Editorial Syndicate Related Links http://www.familyfeatures.com Mar 06, 2017, 12:55 ET Preview: Boost Your Recipes with Protein My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 03, 2017, 12:58 ETOn-Trend Home Design Mar 06, 2017, 12:55 ETBoost Your Recipes with Protein Explore More news releases in similar topics Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services You just read: Don't Lose the Luster News provided by Family Features Editorial Syndicate Mar 06, 2017, 14:48 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Opinion Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Opinion Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Opinion Log In Subscribe Opinion Republicans, a party not ready to govern Originally published March 6, 2017 at 10:45 am Updated March 6, 2017 at 12:20 pm House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Ky. meet with reporters outside the White House in Washington following their meeting with President Donald Trump inside. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP) Major Republican initiatives are bogged down for reasons that have nothing to do with the personality flaws of the tweeter in chief, and everything to do with the broader, more fundamental fecklessness of his party. Share story By Paul Krugman Syndicated columnist According to Politico, a Trump confidante says that the man in the Oval Office — or more often at Mar-a-Lago — is “tired of everyone thinking his presidency is screwed up.” Pro tip: The best way to combat perceptions that you’re screwing up is, you know, to stop screwing up. But he can’t, of course. And it’s not just a personal problem. It goes without saying that Donald Trump is the least qualified individual, temperamentally or intellectually, ever installed in the White House. As he veers from wild accusations against President Barack Obama to snide remarks about Arnold Schwarzenegger, he’s doing a very good imitation of someone experiencing a personal breakdown — even though he has yet to confront a crisis not of his own making. Thanks, Comey. But the broader Republican quagmire — the party’s failure so far to make significant progress toward any of its policy promises — isn’t just about Trump’s inadequacies. The whole party, it turns out, has been faking it for years. Its leaders’ rhetoric was empty; they have no idea how to turn their slogans into actual legislation, because they’ve never bothered to understand how anything important works. Top Opinion stories Teens don’t think with adult brains: Consider science in juvenile sentencing | Editorial Sewage spill reveals double standard in environmental priorities | Op-Ed Kennewick Man: Build bridges to prevent a repeat of ill will | Op-Ed After yet another epic jam, it’s clear Seattle’s decisions about traffic must include cars | Editorial Navy’s wrongheaded approach to Whidbey Island Growler jets | Op-Ed Thank Trump for an unexpected renaissance | Timothy Egan / Syndicated columnist Take the two lead items in the congressional GOP’s agenda: undoing the Affordable Care Act and reforming corporate taxes. In each case Republicans seem utterly shocked to find themselves facing reality. The story of Obamacare repeal would be funny if the health care — and, in many cases, the lives — of millions of Americans weren’t at stake. First we had seven — seven! — years during which Republicans kept promising to offer an alternative to Obamacare any day now, but never did. Then came the months after the election, with more promises of details just around the corner. Now there’s apparently a plan hidden somewhere in the Capitol basement. Why the secrecy? Because the Republicans have belatedly discovered what some of us tried to tell them all along: The only way to maintain coverage for the 20 million people who gained insurance thanks to Obamacare is with a plan that, surprise, looks a lot like Obamacare. Sure enough, the new plan reportedly does look like a sort of half-baked version of the Affordable Care Act. Politically, it seems to embody the worst of both worlds: It’s enough like Obamacare to infuriate hard-line conservatives, but it weakens key aspects of the law enough to deprive millions of Americans — many of them white working-class voters who backed Donald Trump — of essential health care. The idea, apparently, is to deal with these problems by passing the plan before anyone gets a chance to really see or think about what’s in it. Good luck with that. Then there’s corporate tax reform — an issue where the plan being advanced by Paul Ryan, the House speaker, is actually not too bad, at least in principle. Even some Democratic-leaning economists support a shift to a “destination-based cash flow tax,” which is best thought of as a sales tax plus a payroll subsidy. (Trust me.) But Ryan has failed spectacularly to make his case either to colleagues or to powerful interest groups. Why? As best I can tell, it’s because he himself doesn’t understand the point of the reform. The case for the cash flow tax is quite technical; among other things, it would remove the incentives the current tax system creates for corporations to load up on debt and to engage in certain kinds of tax avoidance. But that’s not the kind of thing Republicans talk about — if anything, they’re in favor of tax avoidance, hence the Trump proposal to slash funding for the IRS. No, in GOP world, tax ideas always have to be presented as ways to remove the shackles from oppressed job creators. So Ryan has framed his proposal, basically falsely, as a measure to make American industry more competitive, focusing on the “border tax adjustment” which is part of the sales-tax component of the reform. This misrepresentation seems, however, to be backfiring: It sounds like a Trumpist tariff, and has both conservatives and retailers like Wal-Mart up in arms. At this point, then, major Republican initiatives are bogged down for reasons that have nothing to do with the personality flaws of the tweeter in chief, and everything to do with the broader, more fundamental fecklessness of his party. Does this mean that nothing substantive will happen on the policy front? Not necessarily. Republicans may decide to ram through a health plan that causes mass suffering, and hope to blame it on Obama. They may give up on anything resembling a principled tax reform, and just throw a few trillion dollars at rich people instead. But whatever the eventual outcome, what we’re witnessing is what happens when a party that gave up hard thinking in favor of empty sloganeering ends up in charge of actual policy. And it’s not a pretty sight. © 2017, New York Times News Service Paul Krugman is a regular columnist for The New York Times. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Thank Trump for an unexpected renaissance Previous Story Powerful, hidden gem of an organization trains regular folks to shape policy Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Transportation To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now What Do EPA Changes Mean for Businesses? March 6, 2017March 6, 2017 by Jessica Lyons Hardcastle Businesses may be the biggest losers when it comes to major changes at the EPA. Massive budget cuts and regulatory rollbacks might not be a boon to businesses, according to an Environmental Defense Fund blog. The blog cites agency programs that help corporations respond to climate change — and thus improve their future planning and reduce risks and costs. One such regulatory program is the Clean Power Plan, which requires the power sector to reduce their CO2 emissions by 32 percent by 2030, compared to 2005 levels. President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order that will roll back the carbon regulations this week. EPA administrator Scott Pruitt has said the Clean Power Plan hurts business, however many companies support the rule. Most Fortune 500 companies already set emissions reduction and renewable energy targets. As the EDF blog says: “the CPP can open new opportunities for businesses interested in operating in a clean energy economy.” For this reason major companies including Mars, Ikea, Adobe, Amazon, Apple, Google and Microsoft filed legal briefs endorsing the plan last year. They have all set specific goals to boost renewable energy use to “cut costs and hedge the risks of relying on entirely on increasingly volatile fossil fuels,” one of the briefs said, adding that keeping the Clean Power Plan on track will stimulate more renewable investments, “long-term price certainty” and improve the quality of public health in the long run. More recently, hundreds of companies urged the Trump administration to move forward with policies to address climate change, like the Clean Power Plan. Other programs that benefit American businesses are the EPA SmartWay program and the heavy-duty truck greenhouse gas program, which save companies billions, according to a different EDF blog. The SmartWay program, a voluntary carbon-reduction partnership between the EPA and the freight industry with more than 3,000 companies and organizations, includes major shippers like Home Depot, Apple, Colgate-Palmolive and Target. It has saved partner businesses over 7 billion gallons of fuel, lowered fuel costs by $24.9 billion and reduced carbon emissions by 72.8 million metric tons since 2004, according to the EPA. The so-called Clean Trucks program has also received broad support from the nation’s largest corporate fleets including Walmart, PepsiCo and UPS, as well as manufacturers. Why? Because the program will save fuel and operating expenses for corporate owners and provide new revenue streams for manufacturers, which stand to benefit financially from developing more efficient engines and vehicle technologies. It is estimated to save 1.1 billion metric tons of carbon pollution and $170 billion in fuel costs.   Categories Air, Clean Energy, Environmental Management, Feature, TransportationTags Clean Power Plan, EPA, SmartWay Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Bi-weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Bi-weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Managing Change in Environmental Reporting and Compliance Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the... What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... ON DEMAND WEBINARS Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information... From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best... EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport Comparing Energy Leaders on EMIS and Environmental Performance Improve Performance & Reduce Risk with Environmental, Health... See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
clock menu more-arrow Cageside Seats Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Fanposts Fanshots Sections Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub more Fanposts Fanshots Sections WWE Raw WWE WWE SmackDown TNA Cageside Seats Features Full Archive Rumor Roundup Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub ✕ This Date in Pro-Wrestling History WWE Indies This Day in Wrestling History (Mar. 6): New Japan Pro Wrestling is Born New, 1 comment by The Notorious Eddie Mac@notoriouseddie Mar 6, 2017, 10:00am EST tweet share pin Rec 45 years ago today, New Japan Pro Wrestling runs its first ever show from the Ota Ward Gymnasium in Tokyo, Japan. About 5,000 people were in attendance. El Furioso defeated Tatsumi Fujinami. Ivan Kalmikoff defeated Osamu Kido. Shoji Kai defeated the Brooklyn Kid. Inca Peruano and Katsuhisa Shibata fought to a double countout. Kotesu Yamamoto and Toyonobori defeated the Durangos (Jim and John) in a best of three falls match. Karl Gotch defeated Antonio Inoki. 27 years ago today in Tokyo, Japan, The Miracle Violence Connection (Terry Gordy & Steve Williams) defeated Ryukanhou (Stan Hansen and Genichiro Tenryu) to win the All Japan Pro Wrestling Unified World Tag Team Championship. It would be the first of five championship runs for the duo known in Japanese as Satsujin Gyorai. 26 years ago today in Nagasaki, Japan, Hiroshi Hase and Kensuke Sasaki defeated Hiro Saito and Super Strong Machine to win the IWGP Tag Team Championship. 23 years ago today at an ECW Hardcore TV taping in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, The Public Enemy (Flyboy Rocco Rock & Johnny Grunge) defeated Kevin Sullivan and The Tazmaniac to win the ECW Tag Team Championship. At the same taping, The Tazmaniac defeated Sabu for the ECW Television Championship, but would lose it soon after to J.T. Smith. 21 years ago today at a WCW Saturday Night taping in Macon, Georgia, Lex Luger defeated Johnny B. Badd to win the WCW World Television Championship. It would turn out to be the final WCW match for Marc Mero, the man behind Johnny B. Badd. He would leave the company just five days later due to creative differences; specifically, he objected to an ongoing angle he was involved with Kimberly Page, the then-wife (though not acknowledged as such on WCW programming at the time) of Diamond Dallas Page. Oh, and it turned out he was working without a contract at the time, as his deal expired on February 28. Mero was almost immediately snatched up by the WWF and would make his debut for the company at Wrestlemania XII at the end of the month. 18 years ago today in Tokyo, Japan, Vader defeated Akira Taue to win the All Japan Pro Wrestling Triple Crown Championship. The title was vacated back on January 29 one week after reigning champion Toshiaki Kawada suffered a broken arm during a title defense against Mitsuharu Misawa. 8 years ago today, Entertainment Weekly broke news that Survivor: The Amazon winner and one-time Playboy cover model Jenna Morasca would work with TNA as a regular. Jenna would gain infamy that summer for her match with Sharmell Sullivan; the bout was a runaway winner for Worst Worked Match of 2009 by Wrestling Observer Newsletter and is considered one of the worst matches in professional wrestling history. 2 years ago today in Ybor City, Florida, the Kimber Bombs (Cherry Bomb & Kimber Lee) defeated Legendary (Brandi Wine & Malia Hosaka) to win the Shine Tag Team Championship. 2 years ago today, Bill Demott resigns from his head trainer role at the WWE Performance Center. The statement from Demott: "I deny the recent allegations made about me, however, to avoid any embarrassment or damage to the WWE, I've decided to step down from my role effective immediately." The allegations? They surfaced from a leaked 2013 WWE internal memo regarding Demott's training practices. Though WWE investigated and concluded there was no wrongdoing, the story didn't go away and only proceeded to get bigger thanks to social media. Demott gave his side of the story on THE BRAND, Vince Russo's website, about two months later: "Yeah, you become a babysitter, big brother, guidance counsellor, authority figure, person of confidence, their trainer. The trick to this generation now is how do you be, I don't know if this is the right word, how do you be friendly and not be their friend? ... "I always use the term it's never the quarterback, it's the coach. We talk about football and a guy will stink the joint out, so it wasn't Tony Romo, it was the other guy and he was gone. Millennials, I think right that's what this generation is called the millennials. I think it's in the whole world. So what I can say and what I will say is as a dad as you are, as I am, I try to figure that out to keep my children away from that entitlement. I guess it's old school that you get what you earn and you try to earn what you want. I think that's all I am going to say about that because I think no matter what the case, Walmart, Publix, IBM, I always use IBM I don't know why, I go to a lot of management seminars and that's a lot of the conversation, the opening conversation: 'What do we do when they don't like that?' And I want to walk out because I'm not going to learn anything if I'm still trying to figure out [that]. It's tough, it's going to be tough for whoever has to figure out what they want tomorrow. And that's a challenge I think." He would later reiterate those statements on the Talk is Jericho podcast. Today, Demott hosts his own podcast, the Bill Demott Experience for the RELM Network. BONUS! From RAW is WAR 17 years ago today, Bubba Ray Dudley superbombs Mae Young through a table. The full show, which includes a Chris Benoit vs. The Rock steel cage main event, is right here via WWE Network. More From Cageside Seats WWE RAW results, recap, reactions (March 6, 2017): WrestleMania Season is Here! WWE 205 Live results (March 7, 2017): Suddenly... Austin Aries Rumor Roundup (Mar. 7, 2017): Sasha Banks, WWE draft, Hardys/Bully Ray/ROH, more! WWE SmackDown Live results (Mar. 7, 2017): Randy Orton vs. AJ Styles WWE RAW (March 6, 2017) - Abridged Undertaker returns to WWE on Raw, sets up WrestleMania 33 match against Roman Reigns Trending Rumor Roundup (Mar. 7, 2017): Sasha Banks, WWE draft, Hardys/Bully Ray/ROH, more! WWE RAW (March 6, 2017) - Abridged Undertaker returns to WWE on Raw, sets up WrestleMania 33 match against Roman Reigns WWE RAW results, recap, reactions (March 6, 2017): WrestleMania Season is Here! WWE Raw results, live blog (Mar. 6, 2017): Fastlane fallout show This Article has a component height of 27. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... Chorus FanPosts FanShots Masthead Community Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles Vox Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Get involved Nintendo's Parental Control app is amazing Wave 'em like you just don't care Freedom, thy name is Nintendo Switch Joy-Con You probably disagree Nintendo says dead pixels on your Switch are normal. Do you agree? Get ready to play! The Nintendo Switch has arrived and iMore is giving one away Podcast iMore show 547: Switched, with Russell Holly < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans It's Finally Here! Where to buy Nintendo Switch on launch day in Canada. By Luke Filipowicz Thursday, Mar 2, 2017 at 6:02 pm EST 0 Comments Want to get your hands on the Nintendo Switch as soon as possible? Try these retailers out! The release of the much-anticipated Nintendo Switch is finally upon us, and if you didn't pre-order the console you may have a hard time finding one. I can't blame anyone who wants to get their hands on a Switch first thing, especially since Nintendo has done a great job making it clear Switch is the next big thing in gaming. This is going to be a unique experience filled with lots of new takes on popular Nintendo titles, as well as some impressive new motion capabilities with the Joy-Con gamepad setup. There's a lot to like here, but how do you get your hands on one right now in Canada?! Well, my fellow Canucks, our choices are limited; however, there are a few retailers who have promised to have some consoles available for walk-ins come March 3rd. EB Games Probably your best bet if you're a walk-in; EB Games is doing a midnight launch at several stores across the country. Its website does say they will have a "very limited" supply of Nintendo Switch Consoles and Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild in stock for walk-ins starting at 12:01 a.m.. EB Games will have some online ordering available at midnight as well. I personally called both EB Games locations in Winnipeg, MB that are offering midnight releases to see if I could find out a more exact number on how many consoles they would have in stock. Unfortunately, I got mixed message depending on who I was talking to. One branch said they would have none, while another branch said a very limited amount. Either way, I'm heading to my local EB Games tonight coffee in hand, to see if I can get lucky. I wish you all luck. Full list of Midnight launches at EB Games Best Buy I couldn't find 100% confirmation that any Best Buy locations in Canada would be having a midnight launch; however, all three locations in my city told me they would have some consoles available for walk-in pick up when the open their doors at 9 AM. I would suggest calling your local Best Buy and ask if they will have any stock of the Nintendo Switch on launch day just to be as safe as possible. More details at Best Buy Walmart I was hesitant to add Walmart to the list because my personal experience phoning them this afternoon was a gong show; however, according to their website, they will have a few Switch consoles available for purchase come tomorrow. No midnight launches that I could find, but Winnipeg doesn't have a 24-hour Walmart, so take that with a grain of salt. If there is a 24-hour Walmart one in your area, I would suggest giving them a call to see if you can snatch one up when the clock strikes midnight! More details at Walmart Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch FAQ Nintendo Switch Games Nintendo Switch News Pre-order at Amazon Like us! Share on Facebook 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Moose Lands Prestigious Australian Toy Awards Australia's favorite toy company takes home two big wins at the Australian Toy Awards News provided by Moose Toys Mar 06, 2017, 08:45 ET Share this article LOS ANGELES, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Moose, the world's number one Australian owned toy company has continued its reign winning two product of the year awards and receiving two honors from the Australian Toy Awards (ATA) at last night's awards ceremony in Melbourne. Moose's reputation for developing innovative and market leading collectibles was again recognized, with the team taking home the award for Collectible of the Year with Cutie Cars! Cutie Cars are collectible die cast mini cars that come with their very own personality and mini Shopkin. The cars have been designed specifically to bring vehicle play to a broader consumer. Moose continues to dominate in other categories such as craft, and last night took out the coveted Craft Toy of the Year award with Oonies. Oonies are balloon-like spheres that inflate and stick together to create amazing characters and designs. Paul Solomon, Co-CEO at Moose Toys said, "We are incredibly proud to have won another collectible of the year award. This really cements our reputation as the world's number one collectible manufacturer. We are also so excited to be recognized within the craft category, we are very proud of the innovation the team showed when developing Oonies, it is truly a unique product." Not only was Moose recognised for their outstanding products last night, but they were also awarded two honors for individuals within their team. Manny Stul, Co-CEO was inducted into the Hall of Fame. Manny's life began in a refugee camp in Poland before his family moved to Australia and settled in Perth. He quit high school and worked as a labourer before establishing his first business, a giftware company called Skansen. After nearly 20 years, it was listed, and Manny retired, before purchasing Moose in 2000. Within 16 years he has turned Moose into the fifth-largest toy company in the US. And, Yolanda Giannone was awarded runner up for the Australian Toy Association Rising Star Award which is really a testament to Moose and the business' commitment to fostering upcoming talent. ABOUT MOOSE TOYS Moose Toys is a global toy company with offices in the US, UK, Hong Kong, China and the head office based in Melbourne, Australia. This award-winning company is known for designing, developing and distributing toy and lifestyle products across the globe for children of all ages and the young at heart. Moose has products in all toy categories including collectibles, arts and crafts, activity toys, dolls, novelty items and outdoor products, and has brought joy to kids worldwide with successful products such as Mighty Beanz, Beados, Aqua Sand and The Trash Pack™. In 2015, Moose expanded several major product lines for boys and girls, including Shopkins™, the hottest girl's collectible line of grocery and fashion themed characters; Little Live Pets, electronic pets that come to life in the palm of your hand; as well as line extensions for Qixels craft activity sets. Moose Toys has scored numerous coveted toy awards from industry experts and major retailers. In 2016, Walmart selected Little Live Pets Snuggles My Dream Puppy for its Top 25 Holiday Toy List, and Toys"R"Us chose Little Live Pets Snuggles My Dream Puppy, The Grossery Gang Vile Vending Machine, SelfieMic, the Shopkins Tall Mall and the Twozies Twogether Pack for its Hot Holiday List. The Shopkins Scoops Ice Cream Truck was awarded 2016 Girl Toy of the Year by the Toy Industry Association, and the Shopkins Small Mart playset was awarded the 2015 Girls' Toy of the Year. Shopkins was awarded the 2016 Licensed Character/Toy of the Year by LIMA. Visit www.moosetoys.com for more information. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/moose-lands-prestigious-australian-toy-awards-300418334.html SOURCE Moose Toys Related Links http://www.moosetoys.com Feb 16, 2017, 08:02 ET Preview: Moose Toys Debuts New Line-Up of Collectibles and On-Trend Toys to Rev-Up Toy Fair My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 16, 2017, 08:02 ETMoose Toys Debuts New Line-Up of Collectibles and On-Trend Toys... Feb 07, 2017, 08:15 ETMoose Toys Collaborates With Illumination and Universal Brand... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Retail Toys Awards Trade Show News You just read: Moose Lands Prestigious Australian Toy Awards News provided by Moose Toys Mar 06, 2017, 08:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Contests News Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Carriers Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 8:52 AM ESTLG V20 to launch at Bell, Fido and Rogers starting March 9 Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Manufacturers Mar 6, 2017 8:03 AM ESTNew images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal display and on-screen home ... Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Phones Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Mar 6, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 release date is reportedly pushed back by a week Mar 6, 2017 9:43 AM ESTRogers starts rolling out Android Nougat to the Moto Z Play Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 6, 2017 9:00 AM ESTFitbit’s new Alta HR is the smallest fitness tracker to include ... Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 3:02 PM ESTNintendo Switch Joy-con controllers work with Android, PC and Mac Mar 6, 2017 2:57 PM ESTFacebook considers adding ‘Reactions’ to Messenger Mar 6, 2017 1:28 PM ESTNintendo says dead pixels on the Switch’s tablet are ‘norm... Mar 6, 2017 11:56 AM ESTRBC, Scotiabank lead Canadian banks for embracing FinTech innovation, ... Mar 6, 2017 10:36 AM ESTNintendo responds to Switch Joy-con controller connectivity issues Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Reviews Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Carriers Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Fitbit’s new Alta HR is the smallest fitness tracker to include a heart rate sensor By Igor Bonifacic Mar 6, 2017 9:00 AM EST 1 comments Fitbit has announced its latest fitness tracker, the Alta HR. Much like when the company updated the Charge, Fitbit has made its PurePulse heart rate tracking technology the new standard when it comes to the minuscule Alta. According to Fitbit, achieving this feat was no small task. The San Francisco-based company says it spent the majority of the past year re-engineering its PurePulse chip to make it small enough to fit inside of the Alta’s diminutive frame. Thanks to the added feature, the Alta is now the slimmest Fitness tracker to feature heart rate tracking on the market. The addition of the tech means Altra HR users will be able to track continuously and record their heart rate throughout the day. During workouts, users will also have access to more accurate calorie burn data. Like the Charge 2, the new Alta displays this information in real time, and users can take advantage of Fitbit’s heart zones feature to optimize their workout to ensure optimal calorie burn. Last but not least, the added tech makes the Alta HR significantly better at tracking users’ sleep habits; in fact, Fitbit announced several new sleep tracking features to go along with the hardware update (more on those later). Besides the added heart rate sensor, the new wearable features improved battery life. According to the company, the Alta’s battery is now rated to last a full seven days, instead of just five. Fitbit has also redesigned the device’s clasp to make it more comfortable and easier to adjust. In terms of the sleep tracking features I mentioned earlier, Fitbit has developed a new algorithm that’s able to precisely track users’ sleep stages. The wearable will give users an exact breakdown of how much of their previous night sleep they spent in light, deep and REM sleep. A panel of three experts spent two years helping the company develop analytics and suggestions to give to users based on their sleep data. These new features will also come to the Charge 2 and Surge smartwatch courtesy of an update to the Fitbit mobile app. The Alta HR will start shipping in Canada in early April. Major Canadian retailers such as Amazon.ca, Best Buy, Indigo, London Drugs, Sports Check, The Source and Walmart will carry the wearable. Available in black, blue gray, fuschia and coral, the Alta HR starts at $199.95 CAD in Canada. Fitbit will also sell a special edition Alta HR, available in soft pink and black, for $229.95. Alternate bands start at $39.95. Canadians can pre-order the Fitbit Alta HR starting today at Fitbit.com. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Join the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Airbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last November New images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal display and on-screen home button The Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Google may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect it to come to Canada Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles Business Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report News Feb 10, 2017 6:32 PM ESTMicrosoft Store discounts Fitbit trackers and Xbox One S consoles during Family Day sale News Jan 27, 2017 12:44 PM ESTSamsung files ‘Gear Fit Pro’ trademark application Business Jan 30, 2017 4:46 PM ESTFitbit to lay off six percent of workforce after disappointing fourth quarter Comments Pingback: Fitbit’s new Alta HR is the smallest fitness tracker to include a heart rate sensor | Daily Update() Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... All News Carriers Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 8:52 AM ESTLG V20 to launch at Bell, Fido and Rogers starting March 9 Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Manufacturers Mar 6, 2017 8:03 AM ESTNew images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal display and on-screen home ... Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Phones Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Mar 6, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 release date is reportedly pushed back by a week Mar 6, 2017 9:43 AM ESTRogers starts rolling out Android Nougat to the Moto Z Play Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 6, 2017 9:00 AM ESTFitbit’s new Alta HR is the smallest fitness tracker to include ... Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 3:02 PM ESTNintendo Switch Joy-con controllers work with Android, PC and Mac Mar 6, 2017 2:57 PM ESTFacebook considers adding ‘Reactions’ to Messenger Mar 6, 2017 1:28 PM ESTNintendo says dead pixels on the Switch’s tablet are ‘norm... Mar 6, 2017 11:56 AM ESTRBC, Scotiabank lead Canadian banks for embracing FinTech innovation, ... Mar 6, 2017 10:36 AM ESTNintendo responds to Switch Joy-con controller connectivity issues Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Reviews Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo All Reviews Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster All Resources How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages All Business Carriers Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES All Syrup Community SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Republicans' Obamacare replacement bill: The winners and losers World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Netflix, Facebook and other techs remain red hot Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech From fleeing Iran to running an ed tech startup Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This could close the gender pay gap in 27 years Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz In Arizona, the mandated use of E-Verify has had mixed results Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Rolls-Royce makes a mini-Rolls for sick kids Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Rise of Amazon leaves even more retailers in intensive care by Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 March 6, 2017: 6:22 AM ET America's top retailers in trouble A growing number of traditional American retailers are in intensive care -- and Amazon put many of them there. The number of distressed U.S. retailers has tripled since the Great Recession and now stands at the highest level since the end of the downturn, according to a recent Moody's Investors Service report. These companies are grappling with intense competition, "erratic management" and limited financial flexibility, Moody's said. The 19 retail and clothing companies on the distressed list include Sears and Kmart owner Sears Holdings (SHLD), J. Crew, Payless, Claire's, Rue21 and True Religion. The report is a sobering reminder of the consequences of the rise of e-commerce, especially Amazon (AMZN, Tech30). "It's been a downward spiral for traditional retailers," said Christian Magoon, CEO of Amplify ETFs, which last year launched a fund that tracks online-focused retailers. "The model of online retailers is winning out. They are more competitive on pricing, they have better selection, and their convenience level is quite high," Magoon said. Online retailers are also free of the substantial real-estate and labor costs that weigh down brick-and-mortar stores. Related: Target has terrible holiday and warns of awful 2017 Recent weeks have provided new evidence of the struggles of traditional retail. Sears stock recently plunged to an all-time low, JCPenney (JCP) announced plans to shutter up to 140 stores, and Target (TGT) shocked Wall Street with terrible holiday sales. All that comes on the heels of tens of thousands of retail layoffs and the bankruptcies of RadioShack and Sports Authority over the past two years. It's no wonder the Amplify Online Retail ETF (IBUY) has vastly outperformed its physical peers. The online ETF is up 18% since its debut last April, compared with a 4% decline for the broader SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT), which tracks mostly traditional retailers. So will more retailers go the way of RadioShack? Moody's said the key is that the 19 distressed retailers have "stressed liquidity," meaning they may have trouble quickly accessing cash should they need it. That's a big deal because these struggling retailers owe a combined $3.7 billion in debt over the next five years. Nearly a third of it is due by the end of next year. Moody's warned that a poorly timed debt maturity could "quickly trigger default" for a company that has limited financial flexibility. For now, even struggling retailers can turn to the bond market to borrow money and roll over their debt. But Moody's said that "could change abruptly" if U.S. interest rates rise rapidly or sentiment shifts. The other clothing companies on the distressed list are Gymboree, Nine West, NYDJ Apparel, Toms Shoes, David's Bridal and Totes. The other retailers are Fairway Market, Tops, Bon-Ton Stores, 99 Cents Only Stores, Savers thrift stores, Tucker Rocky and Charming Charlie. Related: America's favorite retailer is... The financial trouble threatens to infect even healthier retailers. That's because struggling retailers are forced to offer big sales to lure in shoppers. Sometimes these companies offer "irrational" discounts that drag stronger rivals "into a race to the bottom," Moody's wrote. Traditional stores can be threatened even more if financial stress causes some retailers to liquidate their inventory or even resort to going-out-of-business sales. Brick-and-mortar stores like Macy's (M) and Best Buy (BBY)have been forced to adapt by spending heavily on upgrading their online platforms that now make up much of their growth. Even retail king Walmart has shelled out billions to acquire e-commerce players like Jet.com. Of course, e-commerce isn't the only reason financial stress is on the rise for retailers. Moody's also pointed the finger at the private-equity practice known as leveraged buyouts. This practice saddles companies with heavy amounts of debt to pay for their own takeover. For instance, Moody's noted that retailers like Claire's and J. Crew are dealing with "weak" balance sheets after takeovers that required them to take on lots of debt. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 6, 2017: 6:22 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending The world will have 43% more super-rich people by 2026 GM is selling its European business in $2.3 billion deal Deutsche Bank to ask market for $8.5 billion after big losses Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Trulia Home Search Paid Partner Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Chicago Real Estate San Francisco Homes for Sale Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth New York Real Estate Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Westmoreland 2 plead guilty to Monessen murder Rich Cholodofsky | Friday, March 3, 2017, 5:36 p.m. Joshua Stepoli Antoine 'Tweezy' Hairston Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Two Monessen men pleaded guilty Friday to lesser charges of third-degree murder in the shooting death of a suspected drug dealer during an aborted robbery attempt. Murder trials for Joshua Stepoli and Antoine Hairston were to begin next week in connection with the Dec. 3, 2012, killing of 36-year-old Chris “Snax” Fincik in his Monessen home. After days of negotiations, Stepoli and Hairston, both 23, agreed to plea deals and serve 10 to 20 years in prison. Both will be formally sentenced next month by Judge Christopher Feliciani. Prosecutors maintained that Stepoli and Hairston, along with Earl Pinkney, stormed through the back door of Fincik's home and shot him during an attempt to steal money and drugs. Pinkney, 22, of Monessen and his girlfriend, Chalsee Hughes, 23, of Duquesne, were originally charged with the crime. Pinkney was believed to be one of the three masked men who participated in the shooting, while Hughes, police said, bought the bullets used. Stepoli and Hairston, although suspects, were not charged until 2015 — after Pinkney pleaded guilty to third-degree murder and identified the other two men as participating in the homicide. Although originally charged with first- and second-degree murder, offenses that carry mandatory life sentences, District Attorney John Peck said the decision to allow Stepoli and Hairston to plead guilty to lesser charges was an acknowledgement that the evidence against them was based on potentially questionable testimony from Pinkney and Hughes. “They have not been completely forthcoming and testified begrudgingly at the preliminary hearing. Their lack of cooperation puts convictions at risk,” Peck said. Hughes has consistently refused to cooperate with authorities and testified only after she was granted immunity. A jury acquitted Hughes of murder charges related to Fincik's death but convicted her of attempted robbery and conspiracy. She is serving 4 1⁄2 to nine years in prison. During her trial, the prosecution presented video from a Rostraver Wal-Mart that depicted Hughes and two men, who resembled Stepoli and Hairston, accompanying her as she bought bullets hours before the fatal shooting. Rich Cholodofsky is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 724-830-6293 or rcholodofsky@tribweb.com. More Westmoreland Demonstrators in Greensburg demand face-to-face meeting with Congressman Tim Murphy Excela stent saga moves to first civil trial in Westmoreland court Ligonier: Auto parts van hits base of Diamond's bandstand Fort Ligonier Days feels $20K lease squeeze from borough I-70 bridge closure underway in New Stanton TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Body of missing Duquesne grad student Dakota James found in Ohio River Fort Ligonier Days feels $20K lease squeeze from borough Sullivan leaves options open when it comes to spreading out three offensive stars Twitter Feed A Twitter List by Tribune-Review staff Week in Pictures Pirates baseball, high school basketball and Weinermobile (March 6-12) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Rise of Amazon leaves even more retailers in intensive care - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Rise of Amazon leaves even more retailers in intensive care Posted: Monday, March 6, 2017 6:31 AM EST Updated: Monday, March 6, 2017 7:33 AM EST A growing number of traditional American retailers are in intensive care -- and Amazon put many of them there. By Matt Egan NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- A growing number of traditional American retailers are in intensive care -- and Amazon put many of them there. The number of distressed U.S. retailers has tripled since the Great Recession and now stands at the highest level since the end of the downturn, according to a recent Moody's Investors Service report. These companies are grappling with intense competition, "erratic management" and limited financial flexibility, Moody's said. The 19 retail and clothing companies on the distressed list include Sears and Kmart owner Sears Holdings, J. Crew, Payless, Claire's, Rue21 and True Religion. The report is a sobering reminder of the consequences of the rise of e-commerce, especially Amazon. "It's been a downward spiral for traditional retailers," said Christian Magoon, CEO of Amplify ETFs, which last year launched a fund that tracks online-focused retailers. "The model of online retailers is winning out. They are more competitive on pricing, they have better selection, and their convenience level is quite high," Magoon said. Online retailers are also free of the substantial real-estate and labor costs that weigh down brick-and-mortar stores. Recent weeks have provided new evidence of the struggles of traditional retail. Sears stock recently plunged to an all-time low, JCPenney announced plans to shutter up to 140 stores, and Target shocked Wall Street with terrible holiday sales. All that comes on the heels of tens of thousands of retail layoffs and the bankruptcies of RadioShack and Sports Authority over the past two years. It's no wonder the Amplify Online Retail ETF has vastly outperformed its physical peers. The online ETF is up 18% since its debut last April, compared with a 4% decline for the broader SPDR S&P Retail ETF, which tracks mostly traditional retailers. So will more retailers go the way of RadioShack? Moody's said the key is that the 19 distressed retailers have "stressed liquidity," meaning they may have trouble quickly accessing cash should they need it. That's a big deal because these struggling retailers owe a combined $3.7 billion in debt over the next five years. Nearly a third of it is due by the end of next year. Moody's warned that a poorly timed debt maturity could "quickly trigger default" for a company that has limited financial flexibility. For now, even struggling retailers can turn to the bond market to borrow money and roll over their debt. But Moody's said that "could change abruptly" if U.S. interest rates rise rapidly or sentiment shifts. The other clothing companies on the distressed list are Gymboree, Nine West, NYDJ Apparel, Toms Shoes, David's Bridal and Totes. The other retailers are Fairway Market, Tops, Bon-Ton Stores, 99 Cents Only Stores, Savers thrift stores, Tucker Rocky and Charming Charlie. The financial trouble threatens to infect even healthier retailers. That's because struggling retailers are forced to offer big sales to lure in shoppers. Sometimes these companies offer "irrational" discounts that drag stronger rivals "into a race to the bottom," Moody's wrote. Traditional stores can be threatened even more if financial stress causes some retailers to liquidate their inventory or even resort to going-out-of-business sales. Brick-and-mortar stores like Macy's and Best Buy have been forced to adapt by spending heavily on upgrading their online platforms that now make up much of their growth. Even retail king Walmart has shelled out billions to acquire e-commerce players like Jet.com. Of course, e-commerce isn't the only reason financial stress is on the rise for retailers. Moody's also pointed the finger at the private-equity practice known as leveraged buyouts. This practice saddles companies with heavy amounts of debt to pay for their own takeover. For instance, Moody's noted that retailers like Claire's and J. Crew are dealing with "weak" balance sheets after takeovers that required them to take on lots of debt. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Rise of Amazon leaves even more retailers in intensive care Rise of Amazon leaves even more retailers in intensive care Posted on Monday, March 6, 2017 by CNN in Business News A growing number of traditional American retailers are in intensive care — and Amazon put many of them there. The number of distressed U.S. retailers has tripled since the Great Recession and now stands at the highest level since the end of the downturn, according to a recent Moody’s Investors Service report. These companies are grappling with intense competition, “erratic management” and limited financial flexibility, Moody’s said. The 19 retail and clothing companies on the distressed list include Sears and Kmart owner Sears Holdings, J. Crew, Payless, Claire’s, Rue21 and True Religion. The report is a sobering reminder of the consequences of the rise of e-commerce, especially Amazon. “It’s been a downward spiral for traditional retailers,” said Christian Magoon, CEO of Amplify ETFs, which last year launched a fund that tracks online-focused retailers. “The model of online retailers is winning out. They are more competitive on pricing, they have better selection, and their convenience level is quite high,” Magoon said. Online retailers are also free of the substantial real-estate and labor costs that weigh down brick-and-mortar stores. Recent weeks have provided new evidence of the struggles of traditional retail. Sears stock recently plunged to an all-time low, JCPenney announced plans to shutter up to 140 stores, and Target shocked Wall Street with terrible holiday sales. All that comes on the heels of tens of thousands of retail layoffs and the bankruptcies of RadioShack and Sports Authority over the past two years. It’s no wonder the Amplify Online Retail ETF has vastly outperformed its physical peers. The online ETF is up 18% since its debut last April, compared with a 4% decline for the broader SPDR S&P Retail ETF, which tracks mostly traditional retailers. So will more retailers go the way of RadioShack? Moody’s said the key is that the 19 distressed retailers have “stressed liquidity,” meaning they may have trouble quickly accessing cash should they need it. That’s a big deal because these struggling retailers owe a combined $3.7 billion in debt over the next five years. Nearly a third of it is due by the end of next year. Moody’s warned that a poorly timed debt maturity could “quickly trigger default” for a company that has limited financial flexibility. For now, even struggling retailers can turn to the bond market to borrow money and roll over their debt. But Moody’s said that “could change abruptly” if U.S. interest rates rise rapidly or sentiment shifts. The other clothing companies on the distressed list are Gymboree, Nine West, NYDJ Apparel, Toms Shoes, David’s Bridal and Totes. The other retailers are Fairway Market, Tops, Bon-Ton Stores, 99 Cents Only Stores, Savers thrift stores, Tucker Rocky and Charming Charlie. The financial trouble threatens to infect even healthier retailers. That’s because struggling retailers are forced to offer big sales to lure in shoppers. Sometimes these companies offer “irrational” discounts that drag stronger rivals “into a race to the bottom,” Moody’s wrote. Traditional stores can be threatened even more if financial stress causes some retailers to liquidate their inventory or even resort to going-out-of-business sales. Brick-and-mortar stores like Macy’s and Best Buy have been forced to adapt by spending heavily on upgrading their online platforms that now make up much of their growth. Even retail king Walmart has shelled out billions to acquire e-commerce players like Jet.com. Of course, e-commerce isn’t the only reason financial stress is on the rise for retailers. Moody’s also pointed the finger at the private-equity practice known as leveraged buyouts. This practice saddles companies with heavy amounts of debt to pay for their own takeover. For instance, Moody’s noted that retailers like Claire’s and J. Crew are dealing with “weak” balance sheets after takeovers that required them to take on lots of debt. This Michigan toymaker pledged never to go to China GOP prepares Obamacare repeal bill, but is split over how to help people pay Related Posts Nestle’s €100 million bet on milk allergy tests Elon Musk’s grand plan for Tesla: tiny buses, electric semis and self-driving taxis Inside India’s most expensive market Hillary Clinton’s best economic idea Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
