Discover: Subscribe More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe About Us Contact Subscribe Store Digital Edition Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Sobeys names Medline new CEO Jan 13, 2017 Sutton to join Kroger board Jan 12, 2017 Online retailers to take part in SNAP pilot Jan 10, 2017 Family Dollar taps Mac Naughton as president Jan 10, 2017 BJ’s looks to expand deli/bakery ordering technology Jan 09, 2017 Featured Disruptors 2016: FoodKick Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Jerry Wolfe, Vivanda Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Betsy Babcock, Handsome Brook Farm Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Brandie Miller, Grocery Outlet Dec 06, 2016 News>Retail & Financial Food retail stocks seen under pressure in 2017 Mark Hamstra 1 | Jan 04, 2017 North American food retailing stocks turned in a subpar performance overall in 2016 — despite a few bright spots — and 2017 looks to be another challenging year, analysts said. This week Wolfe Research issued reports projecting double-digit percentage stock-price declines at two of the nation’s largest food retailers, Kroger Co. and Walmart Stores, citing ongoing pressures from discounters, online rivals and overcapacity. Although Wolfe Research analyst Scott Mushkin sees Cincinna Register to view the full article test - Advanced Registered User Become a member for free Already a member? Log in. TAGS: Walmart Kroger 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Specialty coffee on the riseDec 22, 2016 Test your knowledge of the 2016 Fresh Foods SurveyAug 29, 2016 Gallery: Lidl plans Maryland DC, Supervalu CEO touts wholesaling and more trending storiesAug 15, 2016 Consumers want personalized perishable products that fit their needsAug 11, 2016 Load More About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Business Presidential Towers Wal-Mart to close at the end of the month Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market Alyssa Pointer / Chicago Tribune Patrons exit and enter the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market at Presidential Towers on Jan. 4, 2017. The store will close permanently Jan. 25. Patrons exit and enter the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market at Presidential Towers on Jan. 4, 2017. The store will close permanently Jan. 25. (Alyssa Pointer / Chicago Tribune) Lauren ZumbachContact ReporterChicago Tribune A Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market store at the Presidential Towers apartment complex in the West Loop will close at the end of the month, Wal-Mart said Wednesday. The store, which opened in 2011, was the Bentonville, Ark.-based chain's first Chicago Neighborhood Market — a smaller, grocery-focused Wal-Mart store. The decision to close came "after rigorous review and consideration of various factors," said Wal-Mart spokesperson Delia Garcia. The store will remain open until Jan. 25, though pharmacy customers can continue to pick up prescriptions until Feb. 3, Garcia said. Wal-Mart will work with the store's 100 employees to try to find opportunities to transfer to other locations, she said. Chicago-based Waterton, owner of Presidential Towers, first learned the store would be closing Tuesday but plans to "work diligently" to find a suitable replacement, said Waterton general counsel Erin Ankin. lzumbach@chicagotribune.com Twitter @laurenzumbach Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune APphoto_Retail Sales No evidence of aloe vera found in the aloe vera at Wal-Mart, CVS, Target A Target store offers 'quiet hours' for its autistic customers Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 31°
Login Sign Up Home documents Buster Backstage Mugshots Time Waster About RSS TSG Facebook TSG Twitter January 3, 2017 DOCUMENT: Revolting, Crime Female Shoppers Squirted With Bodily Fluid Walmart pervert used syringe filled with his semen Tweet Comments() Share View Document Walmart Squirter Walmart Squirter http://thesmokinggun.com/file/walmart-squirter Walmart Squirter Walmart Squirter http://thesmokinggun.com/file/walmart-squirter Walmart Squirter Walmart Squirter http://thesmokinggun.com/file/walmart-squirter Walmart Squirter Walmart Squirter http://thesmokinggun.com/file/walmart-squirter Walmart Squirter Walmart Squirter http://thesmokinggun.com/file/walmart-squirter Walmart Squirter Walmart Squirter http://thesmokinggun.com/file/walmart-squirter Walmart Squirter Submit a Tip! JANUARY 3--A West Virginia man confessed to following female shoppers around Walmart and squirting them with semen contained in a syringe, according to a criminal complaint filed against the accused pervert. Timothy Blake, 28, was arrested Friday by Ohio cops investigating a pair of vile incidents involving women “getting an unknown material sprayed or thrown on them by an unknown male.” Blake, pictured at right, was freed from custody today after posting $11,000 bond. Charged with a pair of felony obscenity counts, Blake has been ordered to wear a GPS monitor as part of his release conditions. In early-November, a Walmart shopper told police that a “creepy” man lingered near her in the store’s makeup aisle. After the man passed behind her, the shopper “felt something wet on her foot and lower back.” The woman then went to the bathroom “and tried to wipe the material off her but it was sticky.” On December 28, another woman told police that “some substance” had been “thrown or sprayed on her” while she was shopping at the same Walmart in Marietta, a city across the Ohio River from West Virginia. A review of store surveillance footage revealed that the suspect in last week’s incident was identical to the “creepy” man spotted in November. After identifying the truck driven by the suspect, cops confronted Blake at a Wings Etc. restaurant as he sat down for dinner with his wife. When asked what he was throwing on the female victims, Blake first claimed that it was egg yolks. But when police advised that they “had the material tested,” Blake “then admitted that it was semen in the containers he was squirting” at the buttocks of women. Blake, cops say, admitted to entering a single Walmart store on about 12 occasions “and squirting this material on women.” The defendant, according to a criminal complaint, “stated on about four of those occasions he had squirted semen on women and the other times he had used egg yolks and flour or spit.” Blake said that he would “masturbate in his vehicle somewhere and ejaculate into a syringe. The defendant stated sometimes he would masturbate in the Walmart bathroom, but in either case, spray it on the unwitting women,” according to the court filing. Blake said he had access to syringes since he owned a farm and inoculated animals. Blake said he targeted the victim in the early-November spraying because he “thought she displayed exhibitionist characteristics and wanted to be noticed.” When asked if the semen spraying was like having a sexual encounter with the victim, Blake told cops that, “maybe it was his way of having sex with these women and that was what he thought of when committing these acts.” (6 pages) Tweet Walmart Squirter TAGS semen, Ohio, Walmart, pervert ‹ previous Document Police: Video Voyeur Copped To Weekly Ritual next › Document Friday Photo Fun Match Game Featured January 12, 2017 DOCUMENT: Crime Woman Caught With Purloined Prophylactics Cops: Suspect stole 31 boxes of Trojan condoms from market January 13, 2017 DOCUMENT: Internet, Crime Friday Photo Fun Match Game January 9, 2017 DOCUMENT: Sex, Crime Cops: Woman, 61, Clobbered Hubby For Sex Refusal Most Popular DOCUMENT: Bill O'Reilly Falafel Lawsuit Turns Ten DOCUMENT: Woman Caught With Purloined Prophylactics BUSTER: Masseuse, 70, Busted After Offering To Lend Undercover Cop A Hand (For $60) DOCUMENT: Porn Actress Pleads In Teen Sex Party Case DOCUMENT: Cops: Woman, 61, Clobbered Hubby For Sex Refusal The Smoking Gun © 2015 TSG Industries Inc. All Rights Reserved. Home Documents Buster Backstage Mug Shots Time Waster About Submit a Tip Privacy Statement Terms of Use
RSS Email Follow us Facebook About Press Release Writing Press Release Distribution Submit Your Press Release Advertise Contact Chicago Press Release Services Chicago's leading press release newswire service; professional press release services, press release distribution and newswire services. Featured Local News Business Entertainment Lifestyle Politics Press Releases Sci & Health Sports Technology Sunday, January 15, 2017, 08:23 PM ,  You are here:Home Local News Walmart Closing Chicago’s West Loop Storefront 0 Walmart Closing Chicago’s West Loop Storefront Published on January 4, 2017 The Walmart logo is displayed in the window of a Walmart Neighborhood Market store on August 15, 2013 in Chicago, Illinois. Walmart is closing its neighborhood market store in Chicago’s West Loop. The 27,000-square-foot, grocery-focused location sits at the base of the Presidential Towers at West Monroe and Jefferson streets and will officially shut its doors on Jan. 25, the company announced Tuesday. Pharmacy customers will still be able to pick up prescriptions at the 570 W. Monroe storefront until Feb. 3, a Walmart spokesperson said. Store associates will be available to work with current customers to transfer their prescriptions to another Walmart location. In a statement announcing the closure, a Walmart spokesperson said the decision came after “rigorous review and consideration of various factors.” It was the first Walmart Neighborhood Market store for the state of Illinois when it opened its doors in 2011, with the goal of focusing on fresh produce, dairy, meats, a deli, pharmacy, and health and beauty goods. Published 3 hours ago Published in: Local News Recent Posts Chicago Police Shoot, Kill Man Suspected in Shooting Cubs Convention Headlines: Arrieta, Ross Steal the Show Chicago Police Officer Charged With Criminal Sexual Assault Former Bears Star Devin Hester Likely Retiring From NFL Blackhawks’ Anisimov In, Campbell Likely Out vs. Wild Nick Schmaltz Recalled From Rockford IceHogs Cubs Announce New Role for David Ross Chicago Cubs Announce Championship Ring Bearer Fan Contest Minnesota Wild Apologize After ‘Violent’ Mascot Skit Chicago Auto Show Just Around The Bend Bookmark and Promote! Retweet this post on Twitter Like this post on Facebook StumbleUpon this post Digg this post Bookmark on del.icio.us Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Submit Comment Latest News Chicago Police Shoot, Kill Man Suspected in Shooting Cubs Convention Headlines: Arrieta, Ross Steal the Show Chicago Police Officer Charged With Criminal Sexual Assault Former Bears Star Devin Hester Likely Retiring From NFL Blackhawks’ Anisimov In, Campbell Likely Out vs. Wild News Categories Business Entertainment Environment Featured Legacy Press Releases Lifestyle Local News Politics Press Releases Sci & Health Sports Technology wire © 2017 Chicago Press Release Services. All rights reserved. XHTML / CSS Valid.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast70° FULL FORECASTOvercast70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Ringling Bros. circus to close in May after 146 years US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Democrats rally across the country to save and expand Obamacare Deputies say teen was accidentally shot in the back in Seminole Thousands attend Bernie Sanders-led rallies to support Obama health law Tampa Bay Frongman Swim raises funds, awareness of fallen SEALs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup FLORIDA GUNS, PART 1: More guns could mean safer citizens, advocates argue Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia News conferences could be moved out of the White House, Priebus says Trump feud with civil rights icon Lewis could be harbinger of new hyper-partisanship (w/video) Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More TV and Radio Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning's Callahan to miss another four weeks Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Fennelly: Warmer, fuzzier, less crazy (maybe) Tortorella is winning again Emergency NHL goalie: The most unusual 1-day job in sports Competition in outfield can only benefit Rays Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed What to watch this weekend: 'The Young Pope,' 'Victoria,' History Channel special on President Obama Top News Sheryl Oring wants to hear your stories for a Tampa International Airport art installation Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Review: 'Grounded,' a small production with one actor, delivers a powerful message With attendance flat, Disney brings back Florida resident deal Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Top Opinion Samuelson: Obama's (tentative) legacy Leonard Pitts Jr.: Godspeed, Mr. President Brooks: Do markets work in health care? Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Editorial: Finally, equality on Florida birth certificates Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Bancroft: Book lover Obama has been an inspirational reader in chief Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Hernando Bloodmobile for Jan. 6 By Jean Hamilton, Times Staff Writer JEAN HAMILTONTampa Bay Times Wednesday, January 4, 2017 1:14pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged LifeSouth Community Blood Center will have blood drives at the following off-site locations during the coming week. Related News/Archive Hernando Briefs for Jan. 6 1 Week Ago Hometown Hernando for Jan. 6 1 Week Ago Hernando Business digest for Jan. 6 2 Weeks Ago Jan. 6: 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., Subway, 19438 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville; 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Jan. 7: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Sunrise Plaza, 31100 Cortez Blvd., Ridge Manor West. Jan. 8: 7:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., Holy Trinity Lutheran Church, 1214 Broad St., Brooksville; 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., Wesleyan Church, 22319 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville; 1:30 to 5 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville; 1:30 to 4:30 p.m., Target, 3101 Aerial Way, south of Brooksville. Jan. 9: 10:30 a.m. to 6 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Jan. 10: 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Builders FirstSource, 904 W Jefferson St., Brooksville; 3 to 6 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville; 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., Walmart, 13300 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill. Jan. 11: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Lakewood Plaza, 4395 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 3 to 5 p.m., Withlacoochee River Electric Cooperative, 10004 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill. Jan. 12: 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., Southwest Florida Water Management District, 2379 Broad St., south of Brooksville; 1 to 5 p.m., Air Force Recruiting Office, 7030 Coastal Blvd., Spring Hill. The blood center, at 12395 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill, is open from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sundays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays, and from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays. Donors must be 16 or older (16-year-olds must have written parental consent). All donors must present photo identification. For information, call (352) 596-2002. Hernando Bloodmobile for Jan. 6 01/04/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, January 4, 2017 1:14pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 35° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 33° F 13 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Updated: 2 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Wading into foreign affairs days before his inauguration, President-elect Donald Trump said Britain’s decision to leave the … Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 7:47 pm LONDON (AP) — Mergers and acquisitions in the U.K. are likely to drop sharply this year amid uncertainty over Britain’s relationship with th… Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: 2 mins ago Attorney General Lynch: ‘We have always pushed forward’ 7:07 pm Gambia president says country must wait for court decision Updated: 2 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 35° F Overcast Feels Like: 35° F Wind: E 3 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 32° F Sunrise: 8:08 AM Sunset: 5:50 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 35° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 33° F Police: Indiana Wal-Mart employee grabbed, punched customer following dispute WISH Staff Report Published: January 4, 2017, 12:46 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A Wal-Mart employee has been arrested after police say she hit and grabbed a customer following a verbal dispute on New Year’s Eve. Michael-Candice Ingram, 23, faces a misdemeanor charge of battery resulting in bodily injury. The incident happened Dec. 31 just before 5:30 p.m. at a Wal-Mart located in the 5800 block of West 10th Street. According to the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department, Ingram was working at the customer service desk when an argument ensued between Ingram and a customer who wanted to use her own last name on a money transfer. When Ingram told the customer she could not use the name in place of a reference number, the customer called Ingram an expletive. As the customer walked away from the desk, Ingram approached her, grabbing her by the hair and punching her in the back of the head. Police say a manager at the store saw Ingram hitting the customer and removed Ingram, taking her to the back room. The victim has refused medical attention. Ingram was transported to the Arrestee Processing Center downtown. Ingram returns to court on March 6 for a pretrial. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Three arrests made after $2,000 worth of merchandise stolen from Robinson Wal-Mart Watch: High-speed in Indianapolis chase ends in crash ‘Employment contract’ at Florida restaurant going viral Victoria’s Secret fires employee customer says racially profiled her, made her leave store Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Weather Forecast Weather Blog Future Cast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Flight Delays Current Conditions Radar Interactive Radar Alerts LWS Stream All Maps & Links Severe Weather Preparedness Sports Colts Pacers Indy Eleven Fever Olympics High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 NFL NBA College Football College Basketball IndyCar NASCAR MLB NHL Indy Style Segments Contests Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Bicentennial Bicentennial Minute Community Calendar Submit Event WISH Tree I Love To Read CW 8 Obituaries Gas Prices Lottery More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Jobs at WISH Watch Live 34° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 31° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 8 Weather Alerts 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines Health officials urge Indiana residents to get flu shots 5:01 pm The vaccine takes about two weeks to be fully effective. 1 killed in Richmond stabbing 6:09 pm The fatal stabbing is currently under investigation. Man arrested in Muncie in connection to Indy murder 6:09 pm Indiana cleans up turnover trouble, takes down Rutgers 76-57 3:13 pm Greenwood teenager arrested after shooting 16-year-old in head 6:08 pm Weather Weather Forecast Weather Blog Future Cast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Flight Delays Current Conditions Radar Interactive Radar Alerts LWS Stream All Maps & Links Severe Weather Preparedness Current Conditions 34° F Overcast Feels Like: 29° F Wind: E 6 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 31° F Sunrise: 8:03 AM Sunset: 5:44 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports Colts Pacers Indy Eleven Fever Olympics High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 NFL NBA College Football College Basketball IndyCar NASCAR MLB NHL Indy Style Segments Contests Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Bicentennial Bicentennial Minute Community Calendar Submit Event WISH Tree I Love To Read CW 8 Obituaries Gas Prices Lottery More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Jobs at WISH Watch Live Search for: Search the site 34° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 31° F Police: Wal-Mart employee grabbed, punched customer following dispute Staff Reports Published: January 4, 2017, 12:06 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Provided Photo/Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department) INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A Wal-Mart employee has been arrested after police say she hit and grabbed a customer following a verbal dispute on New Year’s Eve. Michael-Candice Ingram, 23, faces a misdemeanor charge of battery resulting in bodily injury. The incident happened Dec. 31 just before 5:30 p.m. at a Wal-Mart located in the 5800 block of West 10th Street. According to the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department, Ingram was working at the customer service desk when an argument ensued between Ingram and a customer who wanted to use her own last name on a money transfer. When Ingram told the customer she could not use the name in place of a reference number, the customer called Ingram an expletive. As the customer walked away from the desk, Ingram approached her, grabbing her by the hair and punching her in the back of the head. Police say a manager at the store saw Ingram hitting the customer and removed Ingram, taking her to the back room. The victim has refused medical attention. Ingram was transported to the Arrestee Processing Center downtown. Ingram returns to court on March 6 for a pretrial. Never miss another Facebook post from WISH-TV Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Email Print More Pinterest Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts 2 IMPD officers accused of beating veteran found not guilty Northern Indiana basketball coach arrested in Indianapolis for fighting nightclub bouncers 2 Indianapolis daycare workers charged after child beats up baby Authorities nab robbery suspect on city’s northwest side Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Marion County News Enjoy Indy hot spots for free and give back on MLK Day 7:22 am Check out some of the many events held around the city in celebration of the holiday. Judge denies group’s efforts to stop VA’s Crown Hill cemetery project January 14, 2017 The Indiana Forest Alliance filed a lawsuit against the VA back in December. Recognizing, celebrating MLK Jr. Day 5:10 am 24-Hour News 8 stopped by the Peace Learning Center Saturday. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team Jobs at WISH TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Media General Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Spending & Saving 3 ways to tell if you’re buying a fake product By Kristiano Ang Published: Jan 5, 2017 4:06 a.m. ET Share Run-D.M.C. is suing Amazon and Walmart for selling fake products with their names on it Hulton/Getty Images Run DMC in the 1980s. L-R: Jam Master Jay, Joe 'Run' Simmons and Darryl 'DMC' McDaniels. By KristianoAng When is a deal a steal, and when is it too good to be true? It’s a question that brands ranging from consumer electronics makers to musicians are hoping consumers will ask more often. Last week, the hip-hop group Run-D.M.C. filed a $50 million lawsuit against retailers including Amazon AMZN, +0.43%   and Walmart WMT, -1.24%   alleging that they had allowed the sale and marketing of fake versions of copyright-protected products like apparel and hats. The New York City rappers are in august company. Other complainants include companies like Apple AAPL, -0.18%  , which claims that approximately 90% of branded chargers sold on Amazon are pirated, and Birkenstock, which stopped selling through Amazon due to what the sandals maker said was a massive counterfeit problem. That problem, of course, isn’t limited to Amazon. In December, Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s(BABA) Taobao e-commerce platform was placed on the U.S. Trade Representative’s list of “notorious markets,” and a recent report from the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development claimed that up to $461 billion in counterfeit goods were traded in 2013, a sum that industry insiders say is likely to have increased since. With “the internet being largely unregulated, there was a perfect storm for the counterfeiting problem to go fantastically out of control,” says Bharat Dube, chief executive of Strategic IP Information, a brand protection agency. Dube says his clients are increasingly finding third-party resellers on Amazon to be a major problem. The rub is in Amazon’s “open marketplace” philosophy, which translates into the company not proactively removing potential counterfeited items, though it is quick to do so once brands complain, says James Thomson, a former top executive at the internet giant’s third-party seller platform. “Even if you remove a counterfeiter, five new ones will show up tomorrow,” says Thomson, now the co-founder of Prosper Show, an e-commerce education platform. According to some estimates, Amazon has over two million third-party resellers, who sold up to half the paid goods on the platform in the third quarter of 2016. How credit scores predict what you will buy next(2:22) For decades, FICO has used big data and mathematical algorithms to calculate people's three-digit credit scores. Now it's using the same technology to predict whether a consumer's likely to buy a product in-store or click on a link online. The “open marketplace” policy means Amazon generally doesn’t inspect products for authenticity before they’re sold, but rather waits for brands to complain about them. It’s an open marketplace because in theory, almost anyone can sell almost anything. Amazon, which didn’t respond to multiple requests to comment for this article, has pre-approval processes for some product categories. Consumer electronics don’t generally require a nod from Amazon, while apparel sellers need to provide high-resolution images and UPC codes. Health and beauty goods merchants have to supply Amazon with certain documentation. But industry observers still see counterfeit goods slip through the cracks. (Walmart didn’t respond to a request for comment.) Here are three ways customers can reduce their chances of being conned. 1. If a deal seems too good to be true, it usually is. “People have good instincts,” says Ryan Robison, president of the Robison Group, a detective agency. “The biggest tell-tale is the price.” So if a pair of Ray-Bans, which typically retail for over $100, are going for $12.99, then buyer beware. “Almost always, the incentive for people to buy [suspect goods] is that they’re cheaper,” says Thomson. “But the reason they’re cheaper is because they haven’t been tested and certified.” Another thing to look for is a lengthy history of positive customer feedback. And many big brands also list their authorized resellers on their website. And be wary if the online seller calls itself something like “We Love Selling Cheap Stuff.” Also check to see if the company has a returns policy and make sure to pay over the retailer’s platform and not a third-party -- over which Amazon and its counterparts have no control. 2. Mind the provenance. While major labels have customer protection teams scouring the internet for fakes, that’s not the case for the thousands of smaller, non-household names that are an integral part of the Amazon eco-system. And many of their counterfeited competitors originate from China. “I don’t want to pick on China, but that’s where most of the counterfeits are coming from,” says Thomson, who attributes this partly to Chinese postal subsidies, which can make shipping from Guangzhou to New York cheaper than sending a package from Los Angeles to Manhattan. Chinese fakers are an especially big problem for electronic accessories shoppers, he says. The sheer scale of Chinese production capacity compounds this problem. “There are some well-established private labels but it’s hard for the customer to know who they are because there are literally 100 times more counterfeits floating around,” he says. 3. Consider returning an item if the packaging is suspect. “It can be basic things such as not having plastic covering on the handbag’s handle,” says Dube, who formerly headed the anti-counterfeiting team at Compagnie Financière Richemont SA, owner of brands like Dunhill. If there’s no retail packaging or UPC barcodes, it might be worth your while seeking a refund. And things might get better. For fear that counterfeiters will seize the information and use it to improve their fakes, most brands don’t publicly provide information on how to discern an original product from a fake. But Fakr, a phone app designed by a company run by Robison that allows employees to alert businesses to potential fakes, is planning to open up access to the public. Industry observers also say that the likes of Amazon and Alibaba are working on better counter-piracy schemes, which the emergence of more sophisticated artificial intelligence could improve. More from MarketWatch Trump: Russians Behind Hacks but Haven’t Compromised Him President Obama Ends Farewell Speech With ‘Yes We Can’ Unlimited Data Returns... With Some Limits Quote References AMZN +3.50 +0.43% WMT -0.84 -1.24% AAPL -0.21 -0.18% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 4.03% 15 yr fixed 3.18% 10 yr fixed 3.08% 30 yr fixed refi 4.07% 15 yr fixed refi 3.19% 5/1 ARM 3.29% 5/1 ARM refi 3.5% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.57% $50K HELOC 4.64% $75K HELOC 4.64% $100K HELOC 4.34% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.54% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.08% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.2% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.36% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.09% 36 Mo Used Car 3.23% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.15% 48 Mo New Car 3.06% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.16% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.39% 13.37% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.61% 14.60% 14.38% Airline 15.35% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.44% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.51% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.00% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $817.14 +3.50 (+0.43%) Volume 3.7M Open $814.32 High $821.65 Low $811.40 P/E Ratio 187.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 388.3B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $67.13 -0.84 (-1.24%) Volume 9.7M Open $67.98 High $68.02 Low $67.08 P/E Ratio 14.59 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 206.3B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $119.04 -0.21 (-0.18%) Volume 25.4M Open $119.11 High $119.62 Low $118.81 P/E Ratio 14.39 Div Yield 1.92 Market Cap 625.9B LatestNews
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Spending & Saving 3 ways to tell if you’re buying a fake product By Kristiano Ang Published: Jan 5, 2017 4:06 a.m. ET Share Run-D.M.C. is suing Amazon and Walmart for selling fake products with their names on it Hulton/Getty Images Run DMC in the 1980s. L-R: Jam Master Jay, Joe 'Run' Simmons and Darryl 'DMC' McDaniels. By KristianoAng When is a deal a steal, and when is it too good to be true? It’s a question that brands ranging from consumer electronics makers to musicians are hoping consumers will ask more often. Last week, the hip-hop group Run-D.M.C. filed a $50 million lawsuit against retailers including Amazon AMZN, +0.43%   and Walmart WMT, -1.24%   alleging that they had allowed the sale and marketing of fake versions of copyright-protected products like apparel and hats. The New York City rappers are in august company. Other complainants include companies like Apple AAPL, -0.18%  , which claims that approximately 90% of branded chargers sold on Amazon are pirated, and Birkenstock, which stopped selling through Amazon due to what the sandals maker said was a massive counterfeit problem. That problem, of course, isn’t limited to Amazon. In December, Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s(BABA) Taobao e-commerce platform was placed on the U.S. Trade Representative’s list of “notorious markets,” and a recent report from the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development claimed that up to $461 billion in counterfeit goods were traded in 2013, a sum that industry insiders say is likely to have increased since. With “the internet being largely unregulated, there was a perfect storm for the counterfeiting problem to go fantastically out of control,” says Bharat Dube, chief executive of Strategic IP Information, a brand protection agency. Dube says his clients are increasingly finding third-party resellers on Amazon to be a major problem. The rub is in Amazon’s “open marketplace” philosophy, which translates into the company not proactively removing potential counterfeited items, though it is quick to do so once brands complain, says James Thomson, a former top executive at the internet giant’s third-party seller platform. “Even if you remove a counterfeiter, five new ones will show up tomorrow,” says Thomson, now the co-founder of Prosper Show, an e-commerce education platform. According to some estimates, Amazon has over two million third-party resellers, who sold up to half the paid goods on the platform in the third quarter of 2016. How credit scores predict what you will buy next(2:22) For decades, FICO has used big data and mathematical algorithms to calculate people's three-digit credit scores. Now it's using the same technology to predict whether a consumer's likely to buy a product in-store or click on a link online. The “open marketplace” policy means Amazon generally doesn’t inspect products for authenticity before they’re sold, but rather waits for brands to complain about them. It’s an open marketplace because in theory, almost anyone can sell almost anything. Amazon, which didn’t respond to multiple requests to comment for this article, has pre-approval processes for some product categories. Consumer electronics don’t generally require a nod from Amazon, while apparel sellers need to provide high-resolution images and UPC codes. Health and beauty goods merchants have to supply Amazon with certain documentation. But industry observers still see counterfeit goods slip through the cracks. (Walmart didn’t respond to a request for comment.) Here are three ways customers can reduce their chances of being conned. 1. If a deal seems too good to be true, it usually is. “People have good instincts,” says Ryan Robison, president of the Robison Group, a detective agency. “The biggest tell-tale is the price.” So if a pair of Ray-Bans, which typically retail for over $100, are going for $12.99, then buyer beware. “Almost always, the incentive for people to buy [suspect goods] is that they’re cheaper,” says Thomson. “But the reason they’re cheaper is because they haven’t been tested and certified.” Another thing to look for is a lengthy history of positive customer feedback. And many big brands also list their authorized resellers on their website. And be wary if the online seller calls itself something like “We Love Selling Cheap Stuff.” Also check to see if the company has a returns policy and make sure to pay over the retailer’s platform and not a third-party -- over which Amazon and its counterparts have no control. 2. Mind the provenance. While major labels have customer protection teams scouring the internet for fakes, that’s not the case for the thousands of smaller, non-household names that are an integral part of the Amazon eco-system. And many of their counterfeited competitors originate from China. “I don’t want to pick on China, but that’s where most of the counterfeits are coming from,” says Thomson, who attributes this partly to Chinese postal subsidies, which can make shipping from Guangzhou to New York cheaper than sending a package from Los Angeles to Manhattan. Chinese fakers are an especially big problem for electronic accessories shoppers, he says. The sheer scale of Chinese production capacity compounds this problem. “There are some well-established private labels but it’s hard for the customer to know who they are because there are literally 100 times more counterfeits floating around,” he says. 3. Consider returning an item if the packaging is suspect. “It can be basic things such as not having plastic covering on the handbag’s handle,” says Dube, who formerly headed the anti-counterfeiting team at Compagnie Financière Richemont SA, owner of brands like Dunhill. If there’s no retail packaging or UPC barcodes, it might be worth your while seeking a refund. And things might get better. For fear that counterfeiters will seize the information and use it to improve their fakes, most brands don’t publicly provide information on how to discern an original product from a fake. But Fakr, a phone app designed by a company run by Robison that allows employees to alert businesses to potential fakes, is planning to open up access to the public. Industry observers also say that the likes of Amazon and Alibaba are working on better counter-piracy schemes, which the emergence of more sophisticated artificial intelligence could improve. More from MarketWatch Trump: Russians Behind Hacks but Haven’t Compromised Him President Obama Ends Farewell Speech With ‘Yes We Can’ Unlimited Data Returns... With Some Limits Quote References AMZN +3.50 +0.43% WMT -0.84 -1.24% AAPL -0.21 -0.18% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 4.03% 15 yr fixed 3.18% 10 yr fixed 3.08% 30 yr fixed refi 4.07% 15 yr fixed refi 3.19% 5/1 ARM 3.29% 5/1 ARM refi 3.5% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.57% $50K HELOC 4.64% $75K HELOC 4.64% $100K HELOC 4.34% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.54% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.08% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.2% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.36% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.09% 36 Mo Used Car 3.23% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.15% 48 Mo New Car 3.06% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.16% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.39% 13.37% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.61% 14.60% 14.38% Airline 15.35% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.44% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.51% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.00% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $817.14 +3.50 (+0.43%) Volume 3.7M Open $814.32 High $821.65 Low $811.40 P/E Ratio 187.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 388.3B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $67.13 -0.84 (-1.24%) Volume 9.7M Open $67.98 High $68.02 Low $67.08 P/E Ratio 14.59 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 206.3B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $119.04 -0.21 (-0.18%) Volume 25.4M Open $119.11 High $119.62 Low $118.81 P/E Ratio 14.39 Div Yield 1.92 Market Cap 625.9B LatestNews
Scallywag and Vagabond Tabloid, Scandal, Gossip Follow Us Share on Facebook Follow on twitter Scandal & Gossip Pop Culture Nightlife Fashion Arts Visual Arts Performing Arts Eating Out Timothy Blake semen syringe squirter: How I followed women around Walmart and pretended I was dating them. January 4, 2017 By Christopher Koulouris Share on Facebook   Share on Twitter Because Timothy Blake just couldn’t help himself… What led to Timothy Blake squirting syringes of his own semen on unsuspecting female shoppers at a Marietta, Ohio, Walmart store? Timothy Blake a mystery man who over the course of recent months had been squirting syringes of his own semen on to the backsides of unsuspecting women has been arrested. The man’s arrest comes after authorities told of Blake following female shoppers at a Marietta, Ohio, Walmart store where over the last couple of months the man had in no less than 12 instances squired his own semen on the women from a tube. According to an arrest warrant cited by The Parkersburg News and Sentinel Timothy D Blake a 28 year old Sams Creek Road, Mineral Wells , West Virginia man had strategically carried out his feats of terrorism as he took to following women around a Walmart store in Washington County. Having masturbated his own fluid and placed it in a tube, Blake targeted female shoppers for his own sadistic pleasure, as he watched unsuspecting suspects struggle to come to terms with what had just happened to them. The man’s arrest over the new year came after a female victim noticed a ‘creepy man’ lingering around her whilst shopping in the makeup aisle of a Walmart store when she felt something wet an squishy on her backside. Oh no! Not again? Upon going to the bathroom in a bid to clean the ‘liquid’ off the woman noticed the fluid was ‘sticky’, before realizing what it was. But it gets better. After returning from the bathroom the woman told of Blake staring at her. Delicious! Omaha Westside High freshmen add semen to home economic teacher cake, notices something off…. Students force fed Mark Berndt cookies laced with semen win $139m settlement. Bullied high school girl feeds semen filled cupcakes to her tormentors Have you managed to taste semen in your yoghurt too lately? It was while the man tried leaving the store that the female victim followed him, where she was able to take down his driving particulars after noticing the man get into a company oil truck. It wasn’t soon there after that the woman’s description of her assailant matched that of other victims that Blake’s arrest was made. Of note, a report via WTAP told of the man being arrested while eating dinner at a restaurant with his wife. Told Sheriff Mincks of the Washington County Sheriff’s Office: ‘It’s not something that we’ve encountered before and after we arrested Mr. Blake, we asked him about it, and he said it was something that he had discovered on the internet and decided to try it’. According to the criminal complaint, Blake claimed the material used was egg yolks until an officer advised that they’d had the material tested, at which point he admitted to it being semen, but only some of the time.  According to a court filing, Blake said he would masturbate in his truck or in the Walmart parking lot and then fill a syringe with his bodily fluid. When pressed as to what he thought he was doing, he replied ‘maybe it was his way of having sex with these women and that was what he thought of when committing these acts.’  Blake also said he was molested as a child, while saying his wife was completely unaware of his activities.   Blake allegedly drove three company trucks, all 2014 Fords, one black, one white and the third brown, during his alleged acts. According to the Smoking Gun, Blake was released on $11,000 bond on Tuesday but he is required to wear a GPS ankle monitor as part of his release conditions.   In the interim, investigators have asked other possible victims to come forward… Timothy Blake’s escapades took place at a local Marietta, Ohio, Walmart store. Filed Under: Scandal and Gossip Tagged With: sex crime Like Scallywagvagabond on Facebook     TRENDING TODAY Latest on Scallywag and Vagabond Latest ‘Tears of joy’ Shanara Mobley and Craig Aiken meet missing daughter Kamiyah Mobley Lauren Debenedetta photos: Dad catches dance teacher having sex with 15 year old step-daughter Why? Courtney Taylor murders husband and two daughters Tabatha Hollins: Jack’s restaurant worker put menstrual blood on customer burger says fired worker’s mother ‘I love you mom,’ Gloria Williams faces life in jail after abducted daughter defends her Yana Gudkova Russian model: My married sugar daddy threw me out when I stopped sex ‘She’s no felon’ Alexis Manigo aka Kamiyah Mobley defends abductor mom Alexandria Vera Texas teacher sentenced 10 years jail after getting pregnant with 13 year old boy’s baby Why? Kamiyah Mobley missing baby turns up 18 years later. Gloria Williams fake nurse arrested Right decision? Oklahoma man forced to pay child support cheating wife’s baby Advertise If you are interested in tapping into our high brow savvy readership all advertising inquiries can be sent to [email protected] Here is more about our advertising media profile... Advertise Intern with Scallywag Submit About S&V Privacy Policy Editorial Construct Recent Comments 0bsoleteMan on Why? Allante Edwards Texas babysitter beats girlfriend’s one year old to death Tuco Carrera on Kelsey Leigh Gutierrez photos: Teacher has sex with two students, praises one for stellar performance Marlin Johnson on Why? Heather and Daniel Kelsey found dead along Florida highway. Three children alive in car Saved16 on ‘She’s no felon’ Alexis Manigo aka Kamiyah Mobley defends abductor mom Thomas Gross on ‘She’s no felon’ Alexis Manigo aka Kamiyah Mobley defends abductor mom About I think the idea to start “Scallywag and Vagabond.” (SCV) originates from my myriad background and the many years I have spent in preferred cafes and brasseries extolling the virtues and subtle intricacies of ‘being’ as the Beaujolais ran, the cigarette wafted and the gentleman to my side pontificated while spraying himself with a deftly tied cravat and sun crested idolatry.’ I grew up in Australia where as a young man one was obliged to become a hero of sorts. A master swimmer, fighter of causes, ideals and disheveled denizen of aesthetics, and more often a carefree ‘larrikin’ who would occasionally poke his sun bronzed nose at authority and convention Read More Advertise If you are interested in tapping into our high brow savvy readership all advertising inquiries can be sent to [email protected] Here is more about our advertising media profile... Quick Links Sitemap About S&V Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 Scallywag and Vagabond - All Rights Are Reserved! Christopher Koulouris
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Hunt is on for murder suspect accused of ambushing a Texas dad inside Walmart and bashing him in the head with a motorcycle helmet  Warrant has been issued charging Michael Jemison, 29, with murder in beating death of Justin 'JJ' Jones Jones, 37, died from head trauma after being struck with a helmet inside Tomball, Texas, Walmart Monday morning Tomball police say Jones and Jemison had been locked in an ongoing feud   By Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com Published: 09:31 EST, 4 January 2017 | Updated: 10:57 EST, 4 January 2017 e-mail 53 shares 86 View comments Police in Texas have issued a warrant for the arrest of a suspect charged with murder in the ambush attack of a father-of-two who was smashed in the head with a bike helmet inside a Walmart. The incident took place at around 1am on Monday at the Walmart on State Highway 249 in Tomball where the victim, 37-yer-old Justin 'JJ' Jones, was shopping with a friend.  According to investigators, at some point Jones and the suspect, identified as 29-year-old Michael Jemison, had some words and the younger man struck the victim with his motorcycle helmet, knocking him unconscious and causing him to collapse to the floor. Warrant: Michael Jemison, 29 (left), has been charged with murder in the ambush killing of his old nemesis, father-of-two Justin Jones, 37 (right) 'Murder' weapon: This CCTV screenshot depicts the suspect holding a white bike helmet, which he allegedly used to bash Jones in the head  Shopping trip gone wrong: Jones was shopping at this Tomball Walmart early Monday when police say Jemison got into a dispute with him  Jones was rushed to Memorial Herman Hospital, where he was pronounced dead from severe head trauma just before 4pm. Police said they have determined that Jones and Jemison knew each other and that there had been an ongoing feud between the two men for some time. Jemison fled the store immediately after the attack, but a surveillance camera captured him on his way out. The screenshot from the CCTV video, released by police, showed the wanted man holding the white bike helmet allegedly used in the killing. On Tuesday, a warrant was issued charging Jemison with murder in Jones' death. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Gunman, 26, 'kills logger and shoots his friend in the head... Father kills armed robber who shot him in the face after... Share this article Share Bad blood: Investigators say Jones, pictured left with his dog, and Jemison, right, knew each other and had been in a feaud for a long time  Online records indicate that the 29-year-old has a past criminal record that included an arrest in 2013 on a theft charge.  Jones' girlfriend, Lindsey Stover, told the station KPRC she does not know Michael Jemison but called on him to come forward and take responsibility for his actions.  Criminal past: Online records indicate that the 29-year-old has a criminal record that includes an arrest in 2013 'I don't think it was spur of the moment,' Stover said of the attack. 'This guy saw an old enemy.' Jones, who according to his Facebook page worked for an air conditioning company, leaves behind two young sons, his mother and sister. 'He was great with kids. My kids, my sister's kids, his own kids especially,' Stover said. 'He was a big kid himself. Happy, full of life.'  A relative has launched a GoFundMe page to help Jones’ family with his funeral expenses. As of Wednesday morning, the campaign has drawn just over $700 in donations. Anyone with information about the suspect's whereabouts is being asked to contact the Tomball Police Department at 281-351-5451.  Read more: Funeral Arrangements For JJ Magnolia man murdered inside Tomball Walmart - Houston Chronicle Father of 2 ambushed, killed at Walmart in Tomball Share or comment on this article e-mail 53 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (86) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga 'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Four killed after a tornado sent a tree crashing into their mobile home in Alabama are named as storms claim the lives of six in the South Storm system moving from Texas across the South left six dead including four in Alabama and a trail of destruction Michelle Lewis, 53; her niece Amanda Blair, 27; and family friends Terina Brookshire, 51 and Carla Lambart, 53 were all killed when a tree fell on their mobile home A man drowned in Florida and a woman in Georgia died of causes related to the storm The storms blew out skylights in a Louisiana Walmart which sent water and glass flying and knocked over truck trailers More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm  By Forrest Hanson For Dailymail.com Published: 21:01 EST, 3 January 2017 | Updated: 02:19 EST, 4 January 2017 e-mail 7 shares 6 View comments Four people were killed in severe weather across the Southern United States last night have been named. Michelle Lewis, 53; her niece Amanda Blair, 27; and family friends Terina Brookshire, 51 and Carla Lambart, 53 died when a tornado sent a tree crashing into their mobile home in Rehoboth, Alabama. Three others including Lawana Henrich, sister to Michelle Lewis and mother to Amanda Blair, were in the home and survived.  The four deaths are among six caused by the storms across the South.  Scroll down for video Friends and family survey the trailer where a tree fell and killed four people after a deadly storm hit Rehobeth, Alabama Tim McElveen of Rehoboth, Alabama contemplates the damage to his home. A fallen tree in Rehobeth killed four people Shelley Reynolds cuddles her four-month-old daughter Reagan after the deadly storm in Rehobeth, Alabama A tattered American flag on the porch of Margie Peters following the storm that devastated Rehobeth, Alabama The victim in an accidental drowning in Florida was identified as William Corley, 70. An alert by the sheriff's office is pictured above Henrich saw a weather alert on television and told the group to take shelter, CBS News reported.  Houston County Coroner Robert Byrd said four women who went into one bathroom were killed when a tree collapsed on it while Henrich, her husband and an unidentified man escaped the tornado in another bathroom.  William Corley, 70, drowned near his submerged vehicle in Mossy Head, Florida, the Weather Channel reported. Police said they believe he was trying to evacuate from a travel trailer on Monday afternoon. And an unnamed woman died in southwestern Georgia on Monday night. A man in Vicksburg, Mississippi was struck by lightning while duck hunting in the Mahanna Wildlife Management area but is still alive. And the Alabama Gulf Coast Zoo in Gulf Shores will be closed for at least week following damage to animal enclosures. Courtesy of Cory Pippin from WPMI  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Cheeky monkey! Orangutan slaps man across the face Watch video Man survives suicide attempt after jumping under a train Watch video Hostage to the Devil: The true story of Father Malachi Martin Watch video Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Watch video Truck crashes into journalists reporting on another crash Watch video Horrifying moment jet crashes and explodes at air show Watch video Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Watch video Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon Watch video Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times Watch video Ice carousel in Finland is possibly the coolest thing we've seen Watch video Females simulate sex acts on male colleagues during company event Watch video Russian brute literally throws supposed girlfriend in the TRASH The rain is expected to subside in the next couple days before picking up again on Friday following Winter Storm Helena, the Weather Channel forecasts.  Winter Storm Helena is expected to pummel the Western United States before potentially bringing snow and ice across the South.  The Southeastern seaboard and much of the Florida panhandle is to experience minor rain of less than one inch But the bad weather may pick up again on Friday as Winter Storm Helena is expected to bring snow and ice across the South. Parts of northern Florida remain on tornado watch while much of South Carolina remains at risk for flash flooding Much of the Southeastern seaboard may experience snow and ice this weekend due to Winter Storm Helena At least a dozen tornadoes struck the Southeast which caused several house fires and left more than 80,000 people without power. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. The four dead were in Rehobeth, Alabama near the Florida border. More than four inches of rain fell from Biloxi, Mississippi to Augusta, Georgia while some parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama received more than eight inches. But parts of the Southeast are still categorized as experiencing 'exceptional drought,' according to the National Drought Mitigation Center.  Dominck Curran cuts a tree that fell in front of Rehobeth Middle School the day after the devastating storm Cort Brown works on cutting a tree in Rehobeth, Alabama following the storm that killed four people there Korey Jackson, with Jackson's Tree Service, surveys damage at a park behind the town hall after a deadly storm in hit Rehobeth, Alabama In a Marksville, Louisiana Walmart, the severe weather blew out skylights which sent water and glass cascading onto shoppers. It also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof.  State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. And tornadoes continued to threaten southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle after sundown.   Officials in Houston County, Alabama said there was 'major flooding,' ABC reported.   Crewmen work to remove downed trees and debris in Covington County, Mississippi Violent: A storm ripped across the South today and left a trail of damage in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties A damaged home in Mount Olive, Mississippi following the violent storms today. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Walmart's roof in Marksville, Louisiana Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday. The destruction at the Marksville store is seen above More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm.  The squall line hit Louisiana's Avoyelles Parish just before noon.  Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Storm chaser captures dramatic images of America's wildest... Deadly winter storm which has killed at least one... New York governor defends decision to commute sentence of... Share this article Share In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Pictured: Damage in Mount Olive, Mississippi The storms damages farm buildings and homes across Mississippi, Texas and Louisiana. Debris in Mississippi is seen above more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Watch video Hostage to the Devil: The true story of Father Malachi Martin Watch video Cheeky monkey! Orangutan slaps man across the face Watch video Man survives suicide attempt after jumping under a train Watch video Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Watch video Truck crashes into journalists reporting on another crash Watch video Horrifying moment jet crashes and explodes at air show Watch video Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon Watch video Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times Watch video Ice carousel in Finland is possibly the coolest thing we've seen Watch video Females simulate sex acts on male colleagues during company event Watch video Russian brute literally throws supposed girlfriend in the TRASH The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. Bordelon said: 'Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop.' Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday. But needed repairs to a natural gas line may cause a delay. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes.  Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. Pictured: Crews removing debris in Covington County, Mississippi In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves.  Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas.  Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1pm Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas.  Rain dance: University of Oklahoma cheerleaders splash in puddles en route to the Sugar Bowl at the Superdome in New Orleans Waterworld: Attendees at the Sugar Bowl trudged through water to cheer on their teams An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than four inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates.  Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday.  Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. And severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi which allowed Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night's Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. But fans - and, to comedic results, Oklahoma cheerleaders - still had to trudge through puddles to get to the Superdome.  Read more: At Least 4 Dead in Alabama Tornado, Officials Say - ABC News 4 killed in Alabama storm identified by coroner - CBS News weather.com/news... Login to StoryLine Update Your Browser | Facebook Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares I hate tornado weather! Scares me to death. I will ... by Mail Lady 8 Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● Comments (6) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Gophers Colleges Golf Lynx Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Soccer Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Overall crime down in St. Paul last year, focus on guns in 2017 Charge: Stranger molests woman in booth at Stadium Village bar Three Minneapolis teens win big with sports gear check-out program Price of admission to Minnesota State Fair is being increased Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Buddy Holly band member Tommy Allsup, who saved his life with a coin toss, dies at 85 One hand on light switch, Obama isn't flipping to 'off' just yet next Business 409584595 Minneapolis agency Haworth wins Wal-Mart media account Mpls. takes on giant account after losing Target advertising business.  By Nicole Norfleet Star Tribune January 4, 2017 — 8:24pm Mel Evans, AP Haworth, the Minneapolis ad agency, won the media account of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which spends $2 billion on U.S. advertising annually. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Haworth Marketing and Media will help Wal-Mart Stores Inc. choose how it spends its advertising dollars, a big win eight months after the Minneapolis advertising firm lost one of its biggest clients — Target Corp., a major competitor to Wal-Mart. “Haworth will play a number of roles for the Wal-Mart U.S. marketing team, well beyond those of a traditional media agency,” Tony Rogers, Wal-Mart’s chief marketer in the U.S., said this week. Haworth will oversee the retailer’s media planning and placement, strategy for brand integrations as well as help Wal-Mart form strategic marketing partnerships. Wal-Mart, the nation’s biggest company with about $480 billion in annual revenue, spent nearly $2.1 billion on advertising in the U.S. in 2015, including $621 million in measured media, according to Advertising Age. “Haworth’s expertise in delivering compelling media solutions, combined with their positioning in the media and entertainment industry, will make them a tremendous resource for us going forward,” Rogers said. Haworth, which employs about 200 people in Los Angeles and Minneapolis, has done work for an array clients such as Dick’s Sporting Goods, Beats by Dre headphones, and Caribou Coffee. “We look forward to the ways we’ll tell Wal-Mart’s story to the world,” Haworth chief executive Gary Tobey said in a statement. “Wal-Mart has tremendous momentum; our team is ready to push to new heights, connecting with customers in relevant and innovative ways.” Last spring, Target decided to end its long-standing relationship with Haworth and consolidate its media buying and planning business under advertising giant GroupM, which had recently taken a 49 percent stake in Haworth. GroupM later formed a Minneapolis agency called Team Arrow Partners to handle the Target account. After Wal-Mart confirmed last year that it was ending its relationship with agency MediaVest, the company confirmed it was in discussions with Haworth. Wal-Mart will begin working with Haworth immediately.   Twitter: @nicolenorfleet nicole.norfleet@startribune.com 612-673-4495 View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune TV listings Trump's inauguration raises stakes, hopes in rural Minn. Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Charge: Stranger molests woman in booth at Stadium Village bar Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 3M to sell identity management unit for $850 million Knight Foundation gives $640,000 to St. Paul projects Historic Van Dusen Mansion in Minneapolis, now an event center, sold for $3M Taylor Corp. finalizes purchase of Staples Print Solutions Interim CEO of Evine Live vows to review merchandise mix More From Business National 19 minutes ago PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. National 7:05pm Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies Democrats staged across the country to highlight opposition. National 6:36pm Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks The Slants aren't exactly a household name when it comes to music, but the Asian-American rock band has certainly made its mark in the legal world. National 4:50pm John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Two of John Lewis' books have sold out on Amazon after the Democratic congressman claimed the top spots on the retailer's best-seller list. Business 4:28pm College debt poses big challenge to would-be entrepreneurs Start-ups are trailing off as graduates wrestle with significant debt payments. Top Stories Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 9 minutes ago Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat 3 minutes ago Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept 44 minutes ago Most Read For Twin Cities home buyers this year, what matters most is speed • Business A lesson on why individual incentive programs don't work • Business A sign of the times: St. Paul sign painter keeps craft alive • Business Pay gap between college graduates and everyone else at a record • Nation Minneapolis company Vibes will be on 'Shark Tank' • Business World Pope demands protection for migrants as sea search continues Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence Nation What happens between now and Ringling's closure in May? Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Politics Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild After tremendous first half, Wild opens second half tonight in Chicago Early flurry of goals before a frantic finish for Wild over Dallas Wolves Wolves fall to Mavs after winning three in a row Postgame: Wolves' winning streak ends in Dallas Special Feature Take a tour of the renovated Minnesota State Capitol Vikings Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Ryan leads Falcons to NFC title game, beating Seattle 36-20 Celebrities Lucasfilm shoots down talk that it will re-create Princess Leia digitally in new films The sad tale behind legendary Marilyn Monroe image poll Poll: Which Wild home jerseys do you like better? 10,000 Takes Living with parents? This Concordia University student is glad she never left His side hustle? This Minnesota professional earns extra money shoveling snow Featured Gallery From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, these photos told the st... From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, Star Tribune photographers have captured moments ... Featured Video Ilhan Omar begins term as first Somali-American legislator 02:53 A ceremonial swearing in was staged at the Capitol for supporters after legislators ... Taste From Swedish pancakes to Irish rarebit, the 13 most popular recipes of 2016 Going, going, gone: 113-year dining tradition ending in downtown Minneapolis StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Top stories of 2016 Tuesday Jan 3, 2017 at 4:57 PM Jan 3, 2017 at 4:57 PM By Jason Jordan and Brian QuinnThe Evening Tribune The Spectator news and sports staffs have summarized the stories they judged as the most compelling of 2016. This list includes ten stories, but of course, there were many other important developments in the last 12 months that would have also been right at home on this list. The year's top 10 come from the worlds off business, politics, industry, crime and sports. These stories made a difference, in our lives, our sense of well-being and the way we view the world. So long 2016. Hello 2017. It's guaranteed to be an eventful year.   1. Alstom 2.5 billion contract with Amtrak Please see the above story. 2. Message of Hate The day after the presidential election, someone spray painted Make America White Again with a large swastika on a softball dugout in Wellsville at Quackenbush Field. Other incidents took place across the country, but the graffiti in Wellsville became the national photo when it came to reporting on things. The photo was on the front page of the USA Today, in Time Magazine and on media outlets around the world. Volunteers in Wellsville quickly painted over the sign and peace signs were put up, which also received attention. Wellsville Village Police Timothy O'Grady said at the time, "The graffiti was certainly concerning, biased and racially charged, but we have not developed a specific target. The department is actively investigating the incident and will charge anyone responsible. At this time, it appears that this is an isolated incident. In no way does this act represent the sentiments of the Wellsville residents and it will not be condoned." New York State Gov. Andrew Cuomo took the matter personally and launched an investigation, directing the New York State Police to assist. No arrests have been made to date. 3. Hornell hospital finds a new home When 2016 began, the status of St. James Mercy Hospital’s future in Hornell was unknown. In March, the hospital was notified it has received a state grant request for $55 million to build a new facility. In October, plans to move to the former K-Mart location in North Hornell for a new 87,300 square-foot, state-of-the-art hospital on the Hornell-Arkport road were officially submitted to state authorities. "Today is a significant day for the leadership, clinicians, staff, volunteers and patients of St. James Mercy Hospital," said John Weyand, DC, chair of the St. James Mercy Hospital board of directors. "This CON application is the result of three years of hard work by St. James Mercy's leadership and the many members of our community who invested countless hours to help make our vision of a new facility for Hornell and the surrounding region a reality."   4. Citizens stop Wal-Mart in Wellsville The Appellate Division reversed a local judge's ruling upholding the Town of Wellsville's finding that a proposed Walmart Superstore would not harm the environment. The town's findings were challenged by the Wellsville Citizens for Responsible Development (WCRD). "We agree with petitioner (WCRD) that the Town Board failed to take the requisite hard look at the impact of the project on wildlife, the community character of the ...; Village of Wellsville and surface water and thus that Supreme Court (in Allegany County) erred in denying the petition," appellate justices wrote in their decision. Aside from the town of Wellsville, the respondents named in the petition included Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Wal-Mart Real Estate Business Trust, Wal-Mart Stores East, LP, Wellsville Town Board, Dean Arnold in his capacity as town highway superintendent and the Village of Wellsville. "Obviously, we're pleased with the result and feel it vindicates our concerns expressed during the environmental review. WCRD, as it has been throughout, looks forward to remaining an active participant in any future environmental review process Walmart might be looking to restart following the court decision annulling the negative declaration," said WCRD attorney Parker MacKay.   5. Nojay’s death shakes up political landscape Four days before a Republican Primary in September, the region’s politics were thrown into a state of tumult with the untimely death of Assemblyman Bill Nojay (R-Pittsford), who represented Hornell. The long-time business lawyer, turned political talk radio host, turned state legislator was 59 when he killed himself at Riverside Cemetery in Rochester. It had been speculated that the suicide was motivated in part by pending legal matters concerning Nojay’s business dealings. Federal investigators broke their silence on the matter in recent weeks saying Nojay misdirected $800,000 from a client's escrow account to his re-election campaign, a lobbyist, a car dealer and his children. After Nojay’s death, his name stayed on Republican primary ballots as he defeated Honeoye Falls Mayor Rick Milne, posthumously. Former State Assemblyman Joseph A. Errigo was tabbed by local Republican Party chairmen to run in the November election and he defeated Democrat Barbara Baer. Nationally, Donald Trump rode his outsider campaign all the way to the presidency,. Regionally, fellow Republican Tom Reed, who forged close ties with Trump, easily won reelection over Naval Capt. John Plumb. It was a clean sweep for the GOP, with Sen. Tom O’Mara surviving a tough challenge while being reelected to the State Senate.   6. Hornell meth suspects on the run In the early morning hours of Feb. 19, a house at 9 Olive Place in the City of Hornell was rocked by an explosion. When firefighters were able to extinguish the flames, it quickly became apparent that the fire was caused by a meth lab in an upstairs apartment. One resident of the apartment was detained by police, while two primary suspects: Harold Warner, 27 and Amy Sue Briscoe, 36, were said to have fled the scene. For weeks, police followed possible leads coming from the Bath area, but the suspects next surfaced in Virginia on March 30, where Amy Briscoe drowned in the James River. Warner was briefly detained by Richmond Police, but was able to slip away by providing a fake drivers license. By the time authorities were able to debunk the fake ID, Warner had been released from the hospital where he was treated for hypothermia, and was again on the run. Warner was eventually arrested in Lemoyne Borough, Pa. following a traffic stop and charged with driving under the influence, false identification to law enforcement and possession of drug paraphernalia. More action is expected to be taken on the meth charges in early 2017.   7. Business opening  A total of nine new businesses opened in the City of Hornell in 2016, according to a count by Hornell Partners for Growth. The types of businesses opening their doors varied, but those catering to beer and wine service especially, found success in the Maple City in 2016.  In September, Lion's Will Music Shop and Decals and Doodles were named Businesses of the Year for 2016. The Steuben County Conference and Visitors Bureau is looking to increase the Hornell area's visibility in 2017, using the city's arts and craft beverage scene as a starting point. Body 8. GE closes Lufkin Industries in Wellsville The Luftkin Industries plant closed on Dec. 20 as 54 employees lost their jobs at the manufacturing plant, formerly RMT. The employees were not represented by a union. Allegany County has taken over the building and is searching for a buyer.   9. New Mayor in Wellsville Wellsville has a new mayor as Trustee Randy Shayler defeated incumbent Mayor Judy Lynch by close to a 2-to-1 margin. The three-way race for mayor was one of the most watched local elections in recent memory. Shayler, a Republican, said, "Initially, I was wondered how concerned the citizens felt about taxes. Were they interested in the message I was trying to get across? I was not 100 percent confident if they wanted the taxes controlled and lowered. It's a mandate from the population that they are concerned about controlling spending, turning around the tax increases and getting our arms around the economy in the village."   10. All They do is Win In March, Chris Potter researched the Wellsville High School sports programs as part of an in-depth look at championships. He found the school has won 65 titles in 12 sports since 1984. Track and Field Coach Dean Giopulos said, "It's a family. These guys that were with me 30 years ago are still relevant and part of the program. To me, that's probably the most rewarding thing about it. They're grown men now who are still avidly interested in how we do. It means a lot to me that we've built that type of culture around our program." Athletic Director Dennie Miles started coaching baseball in 1976 and has had one losing season (a 10-11 campaign) in 40 years. The 90s were an unquestioned golden age for Wellsville athletics, with seven different programs claiming an astounding 28 Section V championships from 1990 to 1999. That run included a state title in volleyball in 1994, a state-record 58 straight wins for the softball team, and countless careers that are now recognized in Wellsville's Athletics Hall of Fame. The school tied a record with four titles (boys soccer, basketball and track plus girls' basketball) in the 2015-2016 season. "When I first took over as AD and we put up the very first banner in 84, I said to myself then I hope someday to see this gym absolutely decorated, just plastered with Section V championships," Miles reflected. "It's getting closer. We're running out of space, but that would be a great problem to have. After they win a Section V title, the kids are all over me to get that banner up in the gym. No disrespect, I know a lot of schools have banners but generally they put up one banner for one sport, and then they put up little numbers that people can't even see. I go into gyms and I can't even read the year they won it."   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services SPECIAL PUBLICATIONS Place an Ad Submit News Rate Card E-edition Contact Us Communities Hornell Arkport Alfred Hornell Schools Alfred/Almond Schools Town of Hornellsville Sports Alfred State YMCA Section V Hornell Football Alfred University Sister Publications The Online Leader The Chronicle-Express Wellsville Daily Reporter Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Evening Tribune ~ 32 Broadway, Hornell, NY 14843 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Football Fever Auto Racing Outdoors Hunting and Trapping Fishing and Boating Camping and Hiking Nature and Wildlife Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber E-edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBSN Flooding, possible tornadoes claim 5 lives CBS Evening News Inauguration preparation CBS Evening News Trump's final weekend CBS Evening News Kerry exit interview CBS Evening News Gupta exit interview CBS Evening News Emotional reunion CBS Evening News Ringling Brothers Circus to close CBS Evening News Millennial Whisky 60 Minutes Politics 60 Minutes Presents U.S. TSA: Record number of guns found in carry-ons last year U.S. Sharp increase in human trafficking reported in Florida U.S. Third wave of freezing rain hits central U.S. U.S. Eddie Long, controversial megachurch leader, dies age 63 U.S. Internet, animal rights helped shut down Ringling Bros. U.S. Pats set record, Falcons cruise in NFL playoffs U.S. Miss. town to reconsider "Great Americans Day" designation on MLK Day, mayor says U.S. Woman abducted as an infant reunites with biological parents U.S. "The Greatest Show on Earth" to close after 146 years, Ringling Brothers says U.S. Ky. woman shot by officers before bodies of slain family found, police say U.S. National Park scenic drive closes indefinitely after rock slide U.S. Woman had "inclination" she may have been kidnapped, sheriff says CBS/AP January 3, 2017, 3:58 PM 4 women killed by twister while sheltering in bathroom of Ala. trailer home Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email ALABAMA -- Authorities are identifying four people killed when an apparent tornado sent a large tree toppling on to a mobile home in southeast Alabama. Houston County Coroner Robert Byrd says 53-year-old Michelle Lewis died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. He says both women lived in the trailer where they died near Rehobeth, Alabama. Byrd identifies the other two victims as family friends, 51-year-old Terina Brookshire of Hartford, Alabama, and 53-year-old Carla Lambart, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd says three other people survived, including Lawana Henrich. He says she was the mother of Amanda Blair and sister of Michelle Lewis. The coroner says Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter. Byrd says four women who went into one bathroom were killed, while Henrich, her husband and another man were uninjured in another bathroom. Play Video CBS This Morning Severe flooding, possible tornadoes slam the South Communities in the South expect more severe weather after a deadly storm system slammed the region. Violent weather left a trail of damage and fl... Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” CBS Mobile affiliate WKRG-TV reported that the Gulf Shores area was hit with severe winds and rain, but no deaths were reported there. The local zoo is reported to have rescued cages of Lemurs and birds who were blown into a pond on the property. In Mossy Head, Florida, a 70-year-old man drowned Monday, apparently accidentally, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office says, adding that deputies found his car partially submerged “and his body floating face-down” near his trailer. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Walmart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. Play Video CBSN South cleans up after deadly storm system At least 5 people were killed as severe storms tore through several southern states. CBS News' Omar Villafranca walks through the damage in Rehob... In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted.  Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska.  Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” - the most severe category - according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. Eddie Long, controversial megachurch leader, dies age 63 The Baptist leader was dogged by reports of impropriety and infidelity as he grew a tiny congregation to 25,000 people Internet, animal rights helped shut down Ringling Bros. In an online era, “The Greatest Show on Earth” didn’t seem so great after enthralling fans since Ulysses S. Grant was president Popular From 60 Minutes Obama and the 2008 general election A president and a journalist: 17 interviews When 60 Minutes first met Barack Obama Obama and the Democratic 2008 primaries An Obama family flashback on 60 Minutes Play Video Inauguration preparation Play Video Trump's final weekend Play Video Kerry exit interview Play Video Gupta exit interview Play Video Emotional reunion Previous Next 31 Photos Smithsonian's "First Ladies" collection 26 Photos Michelle Obama's best outfits 45 Photos Dance photographer Martha Swope 1928-2017 6 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 37 Photos North American International Auto Show 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed Trump blasts civil rights icon John Lewis on Twitter Trump fires back at Meryl Streep over her comments at Golden Globes Trump's press conference - live updates Jeff Sessions under spotlight at AG confirmation hearing -- live blog Jared Kushner will be named White House senior adviser New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News UPDATE: Missing person found Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Fulton issues boil water notice More In News UPDATE: Missing person found Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Fulton issues boil water notice Providing education, care: Pre-K access average in Northeast Mississippi Fewer in state choose ACA View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Schaefer, William preview in-state rivalry Featured All-American punter picks MSU With Logan Cooke entering his senior season, Mississippi State secured its future punter on Sunday. U.S. Army All-American Tucker Day chose the... Business Agriculture value is part of Mississippi’s economy DENNIS SEID: Furniture Academy should be embraced DAVE RAMSEY: Dissolve LLC only if the numbers don’t work More In Business Agriculture value is part of Mississippi’s economy DENNIS SEID: Furniture Academy should be embraced DAVE RAMSEY: Dissolve LLC only if the numbers don’t work Educators, business leaders seek to close skills gap Chapter 3 buys Golden Chair furniture company View all posts in Business Lifestyle Preserving the past: National Park Service gains more Civil War sites LESLIE CRISS: Presley the pug spends second birthday abroad ROBERT ST. JOHN: Vegetable soup good for stomachs and souls More In Lifestyle Preserving the past: National Park Service gains more Civil War sites LESLIE CRISS: Presley the pug spends second birthday abroad ROBERT ST. JOHN: Vegetable soup good for stomachs and souls Pentecostal preacher retiring from pulpit after more than 50 years DAVID PANNELL: Early morning encounter of dogs, humans teaches new tricks View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Take time to honor King’s legacy, impact on America SID SALTER: To compete, state must move past analog governing in digital world BILL CRAWFORD: Road, bridge crisis causes great ponderation More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Take time to honor King’s legacy, impact on America SID SALTER: To compete, state must move past analog governing in digital world BILL CRAWFORD: Road, bridge crisis causes great ponderation Letters to the Editor: Jan. 15, 2017 OUR OPINION: American spirit requires active, faithful citizens View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Jimmy John's update: mid-February opening expected in Tupelo Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Daily Journal Fall Sports Banquet Rocky Topped: Rebels curtail 28-game slide to UT VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 13, 2017 Ole Miss-Georgia: Day After Observations Shooting blanks: Season-low percentages lead to home loss VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 12, 2017 Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Police search for Walmart shooting suspects Police search for Walmart shooting suspects Posted on December 28, 2016 by William Moore in Crime & Law Enforcement, News By William Moore Daily Journal TUPELO – The Tupelo Police Department is searching for six suspects in connection with a Monday night shooting in a Walmart parking lot. Around 8:15 p.m. Monday, police were dispatched to a disturbance with shots fired in the parking lot of the Walmart at 2270 W. Main St. The suspects fled the scene before officers arrived, and it appears that no one was struck by the gunfire. Two unoccupied vehicles were hit by bullets. “We don’t know for sure where it started, but it appears the incident started outside in the parking lot,” said TPD spokesman Capt. Chuck McDougald. “Based on information from witnesses and the (exterior security cameras), it was some kind of altercation between individuals.” Police are still trying to determine how many weapons were involved and how many shots were fired. After studying the surveillance footage of the scene, both inside and outside the store, investigators singled out six suspects connected with the shooting. Tupelo police released the images of five of the males inside the business. There were no clear images of the sixth suspect, McDougald said. Some of the suspects are believed to have driven way in a four-door mid-size SUV. This is the second incident in less than two weeks in the same parking lot involving a handgun. On the afternoon of Dec. 14, a male brandished a handgun and tried to force a woman out of her vehicle. She struggled with him, and he fled with two accomplices. Following a pursuit that ended with a search of a nearby neighborhood, three juvenile boys (ages 14, 16 and 17) were arrested and charged as adults. “There is no indication that either of the two incidents are related toWalmart other than the fact that it took place in their parking lot,” McDougald said. Anyone with information as to the identities of the males in the photos is asked to call Tupelo Police at 662-841-6491 or Crime Stoppers of Northeast Mississippi at 1-800-773-TIPS. william.moore@journalinc.com Note: one suspect not pictured. Suspect 1 Suspect 2 Suspect 3 Suspect 4 Suspect 5 Suspect car Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Tupelo CVB anticipating busy start to year Fireworks banned in some cities across region → Donald Stokes Driven, not drove. Grammar 101. sam6 may need armed guards to protect us at this store. what draws this type of person to this store MidTennDog “Some of the SUSPECT are believed to have DROVE way in a four- door mid-size SUV.” Come on, Mr. Moore. (smh) Brad Locke Whoops, we’ve fixed those typos. Thanks. Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Which of the "Final Four" teams is most likely to win a national championship next season? Alabama Clemson Ohio State Washington View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages UPDATE: Missing person found Daily Journal Pentecostal preacher retiring from pulpit after more than 50 years Youth is served: Inexperienced Bulldogs continue winning ways Lady Devils use free throw line to grab Prentiss County trophy Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months MSU Notebook: Mourning Peters comes up big Move to learn: Saltillo teacher blends walking, learning through grant Fewer in state choose ACA RAW: Nettleton couple goes back to nature for home furnishings Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Father-of-two, 37, is beaten to death in ambush attack while shopping at a Texas Walmart Justin 'JJ' Jones died from head trauma after being struck from behind at the Tomball Walmart Monday morning  Tomball police released CCTV screenshot showing a suspect in the killing  Investigators say Jones' killing was not random and he likely knew his attacker  By Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com Published: 13:30 EST, 3 January 2017 | Updated: 01:20 EST, 4 January 2017 e-mail 241 shares 339 View comments A father-of-two from Texas was shopping at a Walmart early Monday morning when police say someone came up to him from behind and delivered several blows to the head that proved fatal. Justin Lee 'JJ' Jones, 37, was rushed to a Woodlands hospital after the ambush attack at the Tomball Walmart but passed away from severe head trauma just hours later. Investigators have released a screenshot from a surveillance video inside the store showing a possible suspect in the killing.  Ambush killing: Police in Texas say Justin Jones, 37 (left), died from head trauma after someone attacked him from behind. They released a screenshot from a CCTV video depicting a possible suspect (right)  Shopping trip gone wrong: Jones was shopping at this Tomball Walmart early Monday when someone sneaked up on him from behind and struck him in the head   The CCTV image depicts a white male dressed in a red T-shirt and red-and-white sneakers, carrying a white motorcycle helmet in his right hand. His right arm appears to be covered in tattoos. According to a message posted on the Tomball Police Department's Facebook page, the unidentified suspect was seen riding a black motorcycle. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Gunman, 26, 'kills logger and shoots his friend in the head... Father kills armed robber who shot him in the face after... Share this article Share Detectives say the deadly ambush on Justin Jones was not a random act of violence, and that the father-of-two likely knew his assailant. According to witness reports, the suspect struck Jones in the head during a scuffle that took place at around 1am. Officers who responded to the scene at 27650 State Highway 249 found the victim lying unconscious on the ground, reported Houston Chronicle. Father: Jones, pictured with his dog, is survived by his two young sons and his girlfriend Jones' girlfriend, Lindsey Stover, told the station KPRC she does not know the man in the CCTV screenshot but called on him to come forward 'and own up to what they did.' Jones, who according to his Facebook page worked for an air conditioning company, leaves behind two young sons, his mother and sister. 'He was so full of life, he was happy,' Stover said of her slain boyfriend.   A relative has launched a GoFundMe page to help Jones’ family with his funeral expenses. As of Tuesday afternoon, the campaign has drawn $500 in donations.  Read more: Funeral Arrangements For JJ Magnolia man murdered inside Tomball Walmart - Houston Chronicle Father of 2 ambushed, killed at Walmart in Tomball Share or comment on this article e-mail 241 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (336) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga 'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoSearch Replay: News at Five WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Gift Guide Contests Events Weather 31° 31° Low 26° High 34° Mon 28° 37° Tue 30° 36° Wed 27° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert DCI Hopes to Finish Up Pella Walmart Crash Investigation This Week Posted 10:50 am, January 3, 2017, by Kelly Maricle, Updated at 10:53AM, January 3, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Pickup truck plows into Pella Walmart. PELLA, Iowa – The Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation hopes to wrap up its investigation this week into a deadly December crash at the Pella Walmart. Three people were killed December 1st when a Ford F-150 truck driven by 66-year-old Dennis Mockenhaupt plowed through the front doors of the Pella Walmart and into the produce section. Four people inside the store were hit by the truck and three of them died. Walmart employees Carrie Zugg and Lindsey Rietveld were killed along with shopper Ruth Jean DeJong. Robert DeJong was injured. Special Agent in Charge Mike Motsinger with the DCI says they are working to finish up investigative reports from the crash and hope to have them completed and transferred to the Marion County Attorney’s Office by the end of the week. It will be up to the county attorney whether any charges are filed in the case. 41.408033 -92.916405 Filed in: News Topics: pella walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Popular Winter Storm Could Bring Dangerous Conditions Sunday Night Des Moines Man Found in Utah Accused of Missing Woman’s Murder Homicide: Police Find Body Believed to be Missing Des Moines Woman Latest News Iowans Stock Up to Stay Away from Storm “Park, Eat, Play” Project to Combat Parking Problem in Downtown Des Moines Worried Affordable Care Act Supporters Rally Outside Courthouse Marshalltown Man Hit by Train, Killed News Names of Driver and Victims Released In Pella Walmart Crash News Pella Shines a Guiding Light on Darkness after Walmart Crash Kills Three News Three People Killed, Two Injured When Truck Slams Into Pella Walmart News Friends Remember Crash Victim as Pella Walmart Pharmacy Reopens News Church Becomes Cornerstone for Many Grieving After Pella Walmart Crash News Pickup Truck Drives Into Pella Walmart News Newton Woman Killed in Highway 163 Crash News Christmas Season Kicks Off in Pella News Former Pella Teacher Charged With Sexual Exploitation News Police Chase Leads to Evacuation of Clinton County Walmart News Des Moines Man Killed in Weekend Motorcycle Accident News Pella Community Shows it is ‘Stella Strong’ News Friday Night Crash Leaves Four in Hospital Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Walmart Shifts Massive Media Account to Target's Former Agency Haworth By Jack Neff. Published on January 03, 2017. Most Popular Walmart has made it official, hiring former Target media shop Haworth Marketing & Media, according to a memo from U.S. Chief Marketing Officer Tony Rogers, who said the shop's role will go "well beyond" that of a traditional media agency. Tony Rogers The move follows Walmart last year announcing it would part ways with Mediavest effective at the end of the current fiscal year Jan. 31. Paving the way for today's move in April, Target announced it would part ways with Haworth, owned 49% by WPP, in favor of WPP's GroupM, which set up a dedicated shop Arrow Partners for Walmart's rival. Walmart confirmed in April it was in talks with Haworth, but has declined until today to officially acknowledge it was hiring the shop. Walmart spent nearly $2.1 billion on advertising in the U.S. in 2015, according to the Advertising Age Datacenter, including $621 million in measured media per Kantar Media. "Haworth will play a number of roles for the Walmart U.S. marketing team, well beyond those of a traditional media agency," Mr. Rogers said in his memo. "These roles include media planning and placement, strategy for brand integrations and strategic partnerships in the marketing, media and entertainment arenas. Haworth's expertise in delivering compelling media solutions, combined with their positioning in the media and entertainment industry, will make them a tremendous resource for us." While Publicis Groupe lost out on Walmart's U.S. media, it later picked up business last year at the expense of Interpublic's Martin Agency as Walmart consolidated much of its U.S. creative work there. And Saatchi & Saatchi veteran Andy Murray, who became chief marketing officer of Walmart's Asda in the U.K. last year, named Publicis Groupe's Saatchi and Zenith to lead creative and media duties at Asda. Michael Francis Haworth has a longtime relationship with Michael Francis, the former Target chief marketing officer who worked with the agency for years there. Then Mr. Francis brought Haworth on board at Dreamworks Animation during his three-year stint as CMO there, which ended in August 2015, less than five months before he began work as a consultant with Walmart. Haworth, which has offices in Minneapolis and Los Angeles, is "excited to start this new partnership with Walmart," said Haworth CEO Gary Tobey in a statement supplied by Walmart. "We look forward to the ways we'll tell Walmart's story to the world," he said, adding that the retail giant has "tremendous momentum." Walmart has had 10 consecutive quarters of comp-store sales growth, including a 1.2% U.S. gain in the fiscal third quarter, even as some key competitors have struggled of late, including Target, which saw same-store sales decline 0.2% for its fiscal third quarter and flat for the first nine months of the year, and Dollar General, which saw same-store sales decline 0.1% for its most recent quarter. Even Kroger Co., whose top-line growth has been the envy of big supermarket retailers for a decade, saw same-store sales growth rise only 0.1% last quarter amid food price deflation. In this article: Agencies CMO Strategy CPG Entertainment Retail Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 41,676 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 23,978 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 23,927 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 21,714 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 17,855 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 13,840 Woman found half naked, bound with duct tape likely knew attackers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Several dead in storms that rocked southern states By Associated Press View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 3, 2017 | 8:35am Modal Trigger People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss. AP More On: thunderstorms 'Hellfire' rains down on Arizona Killer 'thunderstorm asthma' strikes Australia The biggest lightning you've ever seen was nothing compared to this This really happened in Arizona A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss. AP AP AP Crews work to remove downed trees and debris in Covington County, Miss. AP Crews work to remove downed trees and debris in Covington County, Miss. AP Ad Up Next Trump threatens to slam General Motors with 'big border tax' :0 President-elect Donald Trump is picking on GM for manufacturing cars... 5 View Slideshow Back Continue Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Advertisement Several dead in storms that rocked southern states January 3, 2017 Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Filed under storms ,  thunderstorms ,  tragedy Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Trump threatens to slam General Motors with 'big border ta... Read Next Trump threatens to slam General Motors with 'big border ta... Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 12-year-old girl live streams her suicide in front yard Share Selection Trending Now in News 41,239 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 26,784 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 23,918 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On More women rip Michael Che’s dating app etiquette Katie Couric’s ready for her TV comeback Eric Schneiderman and Preet Bharara power lunch SEE ALL Now On How To Watch The NFL Playoff Games Online For Free SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon... It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies More Stories pagesix Photo of Justin Trudeau's mom commando at Studio 54 up for auction Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) ‹ Prev 1 of 4 Next › By JEFF AMY Associated Press A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ––– Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ––– Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms By Associated Press Published: 18:36 EST, 3 January 2017 | Updated: 18:37 EST, 3 January 2017 e-mail As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays 3 Weather Alerts 4 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 5:00 pm Trooper William Poland was traveling east on I-70 in Russell County as a semi-truck, driving too fast for the icy conditions, lost control. … Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law 3:53 pm Labor unions were a strong presence at the rally in a parking lot at Macomb County Community College in the Detroit suburb of Warren, where … Parts of Kansas deal with ice 2:48 pm Widow of slain Oregon standoff leader carries on his mission 12:51 pm Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus 12:04 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 33° F Overcast Feels Like: 24° F Wind: ENE 12 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:24 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Lewis, Willock lead K-State WBB over Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Breanna Lewis scored 15 points, Eternati Willock had her first career double-double and No. 25 Kansas State defeate… No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 Kansas travels to Ames, Iowa to take on the Iowa State on Monday. Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State January 14, 2017 Full Court Press 01/13/17 January 13, 2017 Chiefs/Steelers playoff game moved to 7:20 p.m. Sunday January 13, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Local organization helps area children see circus for free January 12, 2017 The annual ticket giveaway is part of the Shriner’s mission to provide entertainment programs for children. Kansas City Triple Shooting January 1, 2017 Kansas City police are investigating three separate triple shootings in a violent New Year’s holiday weekend. Community mourns the loss of a 6-year-old who died in a fire December 28, 2016 Fight at West Ridge Mall December 27, 2016 Wichita man surprises military family with Christmas display December 22, 2016 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states JEFF AMY, Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 6:09 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted.   Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Possible tornado kills 3 in Alabama as storms cross South Raging wildfires in South force evacuations in Tennessee Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Weather Quick Links Radar Webcams Current Conditions Closings Forecast Current Alerts Satellite Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners Media General KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
National & World Ag News Headlines Walmart Slowly Growing E-Commerce Business USAgNet - 01/03/2017 Walmart is making some strides with its e-commerce efforts as sales increase. The company's $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com in August will accelerate the push to compete with Amazon. The New York Times says patchy customer service and a brick-and-mortar image are some of the remaining hurdles to the plodding retailers online success. Chief Executive Doug McMillon has made internet sales a priority after earlier efforts to kick-start growth fell flat. The Jet.com founder Marc Lore, who is now Walmart's head of e-commerce, had planned to compete with Amazon on price, but hit a speed bump after Jet was forced to drop its annual membership fee shortly after its start. Jet is already helping bolster sales. Digital revenue jumped 20 percent year-over-year in the three months ended in October, nearly double the 12 percent growth notched in the previous quarter, before Walmart closed the Jet deal. Send this article to a friend Other National Headlines USDA says Corn & Soybean Production Up in 2016 FSA Cooperative Agreements Announced for 46 Partners USDA: Ethanol GHG 43 Percent Lower Than Gasoline House Advances CFTC Reauthorization Bill World Food Prices Drop for Five Consecutive Years Baldwin Sponsors 'DAIRY PRIDE' Act to Combat Dairy Product Substitutes Decline in Natural Gas Prices Copyright © 2017 - USAgNet.com. All Rights Reserved.
Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Good Folks Coffee Butchertown Grocery Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Posted: Monday, January 2, 2017 11:38 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 12:08 AM EST (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP). Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Mond... U.S. & World NewsMore>> Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:39 GMT Donald Trump's feud with civil rights icon John Lewis is highlighting the president-elect's willingness to attack any and all political rivals even with his inauguration less than a week away.More >> The outgoing CIA director charged on Sunday that Donald Trump lacks a full understanding of the threat Moscow poses to the United States, delivering a public lecture to the president-elect that further highlighted the...More >> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:11 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:56 PM EST2017-01-16 01:56:14 GMT This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:23 GMT The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion...More >> The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion people,...More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:26 PM EST2017-01-15 21:26:03 GMT Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:16 PM EST2017-01-15 21:16:11 GMT More than 70 world diplomats are gathering in Paris to urge renewed Middle East peace talks that would lead to a Palestinian state.More >> Sending a forceful message to Israel's prime minister and the incoming Trump administration, dozens of countries called Sunday on Israel and the Palestinians to revive work toward long-elusive peace - including an...More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >>    By JEFF AMY Associated Press A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast70° FULL FORECASTOvercast70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Ringling Bros. circus to close in May after 146 years US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Democrats rally across the country to save and expand Obamacare Deputies say teen was accidentally shot in the back in Seminole Thousands attend Bernie Sanders-led rallies to support Obama health law Tampa Bay Frongman Swim raises funds, awareness of fallen SEALs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup FLORIDA GUNS, PART 1: More guns could mean safer citizens, advocates argue Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia News conferences could be moved out of the White House, Priebus says Trump feud with civil rights icon Lewis could be harbinger of new hyper-partisanship (w/video) Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More TV and Radio Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning's Callahan to miss another four weeks Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Fennelly: Warmer, fuzzier, less crazy (maybe) Tortorella is winning again Emergency NHL goalie: The most unusual 1-day job in sports Competition in outfield can only benefit Rays Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed What to watch this weekend: 'The Young Pope,' 'Victoria,' History Channel special on President Obama Top News Sheryl Oring wants to hear your stories for a Tampa International Airport art installation Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Review: 'Grounded,' a small production with one actor, delivers a powerful message With attendance flat, Disney brings back Florida resident deal Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Top Opinion Samuelson: Obama's (tentative) legacy Leonard Pitts Jr.: Godspeed, Mr. President Brooks: Do markets work in health care? Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Editorial: Finally, equality on Florida birth certificates Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Bancroft: Book lover Obama has been an inspirational reader in chief Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) South bracing for more severe storms, rain; man dies in Florida Panhandle (w/video) Associated Press Associated Press Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:13am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged At least five people, including one man in Walton County, have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. Related News/Archive U.S. midsection grapples with pesky ice storm; more on way (w/video) 1 Day Ago Winter storm weakens but thousands still without power (w/video) 3 Weeks Ago Snow pounds parts of East Coast, spares several big cities (w/video) 1 Week Ago The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday moring for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." The Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Previous Next Previous Next South bracing for more severe storms, rain; man dies in Florida Panhandle (w/video) 01/03/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 9:14am] Photo reprints | Article reprints Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Associated Press.      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Winter Storm Moving Across the Central US Kittens Play in 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Quick Decisions Meant Life or Death in Southeastern Storms By jay reeves, associated press Jan 3, 2017, 6:34 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayThe Associated Press WATCH Deadly Storms Tear Through the South 0 Shares Email As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Quick Decisions Meant Life or Death in Southeastern Storms " Reince Priebus Calls John Lewis' Criticism of Trump 'Irresponsible' " CIA Director Warns Trump: Be 'Very Disciplined' With Public Remarks " Central US Ice Storm Falls Short of Dire Forecasts " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 8-Year-Old Battling Cancer Gets Birthday Wish to See Amazon Facility " Twin's Mom Reacts to Emotional Reunion: 'It Didn't Feel Real' " Man Finds Forgotten Lotto Ticket, Wins $1 Million " Newlyweds Nail Iconic 'Dirty Dancing' Routine at Wedding " 2 Women Share How They Collectively Lost 100s of Pounds " Americans Think Obama, Kennedy, Reagan Gave Best Inaugural Speeches " Standing in for the Incoming President and First Lady at Inauguration Rehearsal " Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Trump's Inauguration After Backlash President Obama's Inauguration Day Plans " 5 Takeaways From Scathing Department of Justice Report on Chicago Policing " When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Paris Jackson Pleased, 'Surprised' Network Canceled Michael Jackson Episode
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 23° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 1 min ago ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers. Call it a “Half Mary” from Aaron Rodgers. Rodge… PBS Kids round-the-clock TV, online channel launches Monday Updated: 1 min ago PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — PBS is launching a round-the-clock children’s channel that will be available on member stations and digital platform… PBS: No ‘red flag’ on funding under Trump, but it’s early Updated: 1 min ago Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 7:50 pm Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 23° F Clear Feels Like: 17° F Wind: S 5 Humidity: 81% Dewpoint: 18° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines SMU pulls away from Tulane in second half, 80-64 Updated: 16 mins ago NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Semi Ojeleye scored 21 points and Jarrey Foster added 19 more to lead SMU to an 80-64 win over Tulane on Sunday night. Be… Okogie, Stephens help Georgia Tech beat NC State 86-76 Updated: 16 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Freshman Josh Okogie scored 27 points to help Georgia Tech beat North Carolina State 86-76 on Sunday night. Quinton Ste… Women’s Top 25 Fared 8:10 pm No. 10 Oregon State women beat Southern Cal 74-60 Updated: 16 mins ago Greenwood, Hayes lead SE Louisiana past McNeese St, 79-75 8:10 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 23° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms JAY REEVES, The Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 1:48 am Updated: January 4, 2017, 12:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich’s daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn’t have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. “It was dead center,” Byrd said. “You think, ‘What’s the chance of four people being so close in one area?’ But they were.” Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich’s sister and Blair was Henrich’s daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. “She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell,” Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide “violent” storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Giving Gavin the gift of sound January 11, 2017 Gavin, who will be 3 in February, is nearly blind and would be severely deaf, without new cochlear implants Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions January 15, 2017 65° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 7 Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Danny Tindell Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) AP Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms By JAY REEVES Associated Press Jan 3, 2017 (…) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Danny Tindell Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Tags General News Weather Forecasts Weather Storms Emergency Management Natural Disasters Government And Politics Accidents And Disasters Tornadoes Property Damage Men's College Basketball College Basketball Basketball Sports College Sports Men's Basketball Men's Sports Locations Alabama Georgia Mississippi Dothan Arkansas Louisiana United States North America Florida Atlantic Ocean Popular A frank discussion Dothan photographer faces 186 child porn possession charges Josh Parrish hired as Northview head football coach 25th anniversary of the Troy Trojans basketball team scoring a record-setting 258 points Ex-Elba QB Johnson fulfills dream with Tide Lopez, Melinda Traylor Renaissance Faire coming to Enterprise Dothan man describes Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'That could have been me' Bethel Baptist Church to open private academy in east Dothan Fort Rucker flight training contract could be worth $450 million for CAE USA Videos Featured Businesses US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Capps & Associates PC 170 S Oates St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-678-7994 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 House of Flowers 1728 W Main St, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36301 334-699-1800 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Contests Bridal Extravaganza Ticket Giveaway Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News South bracing for more severe storms, rain Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 2, 2017. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 23° F Few Clouds Hi: 32° F Lo: 26° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 3 Weather Alerts 7 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Featured: KOIN 6 Blitz Where We Live Latest Headlines AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia Updated: 8 mins ago Former U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last week that he would announce soon whether he will run for South Korea’s presidency, as he… Man elected by Americans is president they’ll get Updated: 14 mins ago The immense responsibilities of the office and the daunting decisions that await Trump when he takes office Friday have not appeared to chan… Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 28 mins ago Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Updated: 8 mins ago Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 4:36 pm Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 23° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 13° F Wind: SE 9 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 15° F Sunrise: 7:47 AM Sunset: 4:53 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 23° F Few Clouds Hi: 32° F Lo: 26° F Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states JEFF AMY, The Associated Press Published: January 2, 2017, 5:37 pm Updated: January 2, 2017, 10:44 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Trending Stories on KOIN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Previous Story A look at changes to House rules Next Story Agency orders TransUnion, Equifax to pay $23M for false ads Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Quick decisions meant life… Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms By JEFF AMY January 3, 2017 6:33 pm Share As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich’s daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn’t have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. OPM offers guidance for feds who telework from home with children, dependents “It was dead center,” Byrd said. “You think, ‘What’s the chance of four people being so close in one area?’ But they were.” Advertisement Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich’s sister and Blair was Henrich’s daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. “She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell,” Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide “violent” storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Topics: Government News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Quick decisions meant life… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Government News Previous Story A look at changes to House rules Next Story Agency orders TransUnion, Equifax to pay $23M for false ads Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity World Leaders Push Israel and Trump to Forge a 2-State Deal By ALISSA J. RUBIN, BENOÎT MORENNE and ISABEL KERSHNER 9:02 PM ET Though peace efforts between Israel and the Palestinians seem doomed, world leaders gathered in Paris for a peace conference and signaled that they still longed for a two-state solution. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Once Predatory, Refund Loans Take Friendlier Turn By STACY COWLEY 3:37 PM ET Advances from tax preparation companies now come with no interest and no fees, but consumer watchdogs remain wary. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Style Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » Tax Refund Loans Are Revamped and Resurrected With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue In Davos, Bracing for a Shifting U.S. Stance on Climate Change Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » What (Lots of) Money Can Buy at Trump’s Inauguration One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » Corporations Open the Cash Spigot for Trump’s Inauguration On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals For ‘The Red Turtle,’ Studio Ghibli Looks West for an ‘Eastern’ Approach How Movies and TV Address Rape and Revenge New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Pull Off Another Stunner; Steelers Lead Chiefs On Pro Basketball: Cavaliers-Warriors Rematch Carries Meaning for Past and Future Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Conservationist Bud Lilly, ‘a Trout’s Best Friend,’ Dies at 91 Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Nation & World January 3, 2017 12:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Nation & World Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:16 After nearly 50 years in exile, former KC Black Panther leader Pete O'Neal speaks from Africa Pause 1:38 Tailgaters unfazed by weather while waiting for Chiefs-Steelers playoff game 15:59 Facebook Live highlights: Terez A. Paylor and Vahe Gregorian preview Chiefs-Steelers game 2:33 Iconic 'Star Wars' actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60 0:41 Kansas trooper’s dashcam shows semitrailer losing control on I-70 1:04 Tarp comes off the field at Arrowhead Stadium 3:39 How the AFC West was won: Chiefs had talent, brains, guts and luck 0:59 How fast is Kansas City Chiefs’ Tyreek Hill? 2:45 Chiefs’ Dontari Poe shows off basketball skills with Harlem Globetrotters 42:20 Chiefs 33, Broncos 10: Postgame analysis Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Chilean Navy helicopter pilot shoots video of UFO 10:00 5 days ago Chilean Navy helicopter pilot shoots video of UFO 3:28 6 days ago President Obama's way with words 1:26 16 days ago Canada to America: You're great View more video Nation & World Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals National January 3, 2017 1:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 5:59 Texting and driving: Amanda Clark's story Pause 2:52 Rubio asks Rex Tillerson if Putin is a war criminal 2:04 Fort Worth funeral home billboards urge drivers not to text 2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photo responses urge supporting those who are struggling 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? 1:10 No Snow Days (for runners) 2:17 Heels' Berry talks about win over FSU 2:46 Gottfried: "We have to value the ball a little bit better" 1:15 Durham Police Department incorporates reality-based simulator into training 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 hours ago Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 1:01 13 hours ago Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 0:28 13 hours ago Sticking it to the DMV, with 5 wheelbarrows of pennies 4:02 5 days ago Obama tearfully thanks Michelle, daughters, and Bidens during farewell address View more video National More and more young troops are facing a ‘devastating’ life without sex Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act AP News in Brief at 9:04 p.m. EST AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National January 3, 2017 1:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:10 Body found in industrial park investigated as homicide Pause 1:43 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 1.15 1:29 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 1.14 0:56 Suspicious Envelope Forces Shutdown of Social Security Office in Conway 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 1:53 Clemson celebrates National Championship over Alabama 2:39 Frank Braddock of Dick's Last Resort in North Myrtle Beach talks Pale Horse, New Years Resolutions, and duct tape | Hot Pour 2:12 Myrtle Beach airport opens staging lot for Uber drivers on Dec.1 1:07 Back up, evaluate is a good first step to swing improvement 1:38 The last of the circus elephants Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Naked woman steals sheriff deputy's truck, leads police on 70-mile chase 2:51 a day ago Naked woman steals sheriff deputy's truck, leads police on 70-mile chase 1:24 3 days ago Obama surprises Biden with Presidential Medal of Freedom 0:25 5 days ago Giant sequoia famous for 'drive-thru' hole in trunk topples in California storm View more video National More and more young troops are facing a ‘devastating’ life without sex Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act AP News in Brief at 9:04 p.m. EST AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections 2016 Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Nation & World January 3, 2017 1:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Nation & World Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:00 Wyatt just wants attention and prayers Pause 1:43 Avoid Tanning Beds to Prevent Skin Cancer 0:19 State College's Noah Woods talks about being named All-State in football 1:33 Students hold #NotMyPresident protest at Penn State 1:33 James Franklin explains what cost Penn State the Rose Bowl 3:52 Penn State's Cael Sanderson reflects on winning the NCAA Championship 0:50 Penn State hockey fans throw teddy bears on the ice 0:50 The last Cubans to cross freely into the U.S. 1:26 Trump jokes about dad's female supporters 2:19 Superfan man cave is a shrine to Pittsburgh Steelers Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 days ago Remapping the human mesentery in a way never seen before 3:22 11 days ago Remapping the human mesentery in a way never seen before 1:43 23 days ago Avoid Tanning Beds to Prevent Skin Cancer 1:20 a month ago Cases of carbon monoxide poisoning rise when temperatures drop View more video Nation & World Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act Trump team considers relocating White House media corps Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world AP News in Brief at 9:04 p.m. EST Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing four people in Rehobeth, Ala., on Monday. JAY HARE/DOTHAN EAGLE featured Storms kill 4 in south Alabama, damage buildings across Southern states By Jeff Amy Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 0 Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing four people in Rehobeth, Ala., on Monday. JAY HARE/DOTHAN EAGLE A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across Southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Academic Achievers Community Listings Shoals Births Volunteers Local briefs Blotter Briefs 1-14-17 Law and Order 1-15-17 Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Will you host a Super Bowl party this year? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Mon Jan 2nd, 2017 8:34pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Associated Press A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Storms kill four in mobile home, damage buildings across Southern states Storms kill four, damage buildings across Southern states THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Monday, January 2, 2017, 11:56 PM facebook Tweet email THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Monday, January 2, 2017, 11:56 PM A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive. (Ryan Moore/AP) State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., on Monday. (Elijah Baylis/AP) Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Tags: alabama georgia florida mississippi Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 2, 2017. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries 4 dead in Alabama as storm barrels through Southern U.S. Severe weather system destroys homes in Mississippi, rips skylights from Walmart in Louisiana The Associated Press Posted: Jan 03, 2017 12:08 AM ET Last Updated: Jan 03, 2017 12:08 AM ET People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., on Monday. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via Associated Press) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Ala., said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County, Ala., on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." Just spoke w/ Houston Co Sheriff Donald Valenza. Confirmed 4 fatalities in one structure in Rehobeth area. Prayers for those impacted today.— @GovernorBentley Destruction at Louisiana Walmart  State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, La., as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 35 metres and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. 'Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop.' - Jerry Bordelon, fire chief Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storm damage at the Walmart and other businesses in Marksville, Louisiana (Pics ctsy Cindi Duncan) #lawx pic.twitter.com/GmGT05WdQG— @crabblers Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Massive power outages Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., on Monday. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via Associated Press) It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 10 centimetres of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 20 centimeres of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Best presidential inauguration performances 3:50 'Trump does not have the moral authority to battle with John Lewis,' says Rev. Jesse Jackson 1:14 Investigators with Diana Swain - Josh Earnest Interview 4:46 Aussie rugby players dress up as Elvis for game 0:58 Most Viewed Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Ringling Bros. closing curtain on namesake circus after 146 years Trump attacks civil rights icon before Martin Luther King Jr. day As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Anti-Trump civil rights demonstrators vow to 'march until hell freezes over' Woman abducted as a baby in Florida found 18 years later Mosul University fully liberated by Iraqi troops Covering Donald Trump White House will 'pose a challenge for the media,' outgoing press secretary says Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss New 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Analysis Future of the oilsands: the good, the bad and the ugly New generation moves to the fore in Liberal cabinet shuffle No charges after cyclist, car standoff video, Ottawa police say Obama talks about Israel, Syria and Trump in his final interview as president As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Remembering Candace Derksen: Family braces for retrial of man accused of her murder Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some Video Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Man plunges to bottom of Lake of the Woods in -30 C weather Katy Perry, Scarlett Johansson, Cher among celebs set to join Women's March on Washington Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Grounded tanker freed from Cape Breton shore Ice storm creates slick conditions in central U.S. for 3rd day Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Parteners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Poll Do you own a gun? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 2, 2017. 00000 A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Best of Mt.Ashland e-Edition Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing   Toggle navigation 23° Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classified Advertising Best of Mt.Ashland News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Mt. Ashland Live Cam Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos Breaking The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers 1 hr ago (…) Close 1 of 11 Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) AP Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states By JEFF AMY Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Story continues below video × The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Tags General News Weather Forecasts Weather Storms Property Damage Natural Disasters Accidents And Disasters Disaster Planning And Response Tornadoes Locations Alabama Georgia Mississippi Dothan Arkansas Louisiana Florida United States North America Associated Press Sections Business Entertainment Health Technology World Oregon Politics Science AP Sports Strange National Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Sledding tragedy Remembering Dr. Van Dyke UPDATE: Dr. Stephanie Van Dyke has died Woman seriously injured in sledding accident High winds predicted for Klamath Basin Crater Lake National Park closed because of heavy snowfall Missing trio found alive at Crater Lake Van Dyke remains in critical condition Risk and Reward Couple returning home after Crater Lake rescue Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey How well was the snow removal by the city? Klamath Falls usually has to deal with two major snowstorms a year...this year was no different. How do you think the city handles the snow removal? You voted: Well done About average Poorly done No opinion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 (Main) 541-885-4420 (After hours or complaints) news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2017 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com News January 3, 2017 1:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story News Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:29 Flowers, tears for shooting victims Pause 1:38 The last of the circus elephants 2:41 Crowds gather outside of Versailles restaurant in Miami to celebrate the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 1:01 Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 2:00 Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks about Vance Joseph leaving Fins 1:20 The United States of Powerball 2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio 1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring 1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago The last day of the circus in Miami 1:39 4 hours ago The last day of the circus in Miami 1:11 2 days ago Relatives wait anxiously to see if Cuban loved ones make it into U.S. 1:01 2 days ago Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. View more video News How developers are redesigning Miami, 9 acres at a time Why the circus is leaving town — and never coming back Used toilet paper is dumped in lot, and a city is trying to unravel the mystery ATV rider killed in expressway crash a day before hundreds expected for MLK Day ride CEOs discuss their resolutions for the New Year Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions January 15, 2017 65° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 11 Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) AP Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states By JEFF AMY Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 (…) Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Tags General News Weather Storms Tornadoes Natural Disasters Accidents And Disasters Power Outages Service Outages Weather Forecasts Floods Property Damage Disaster Planning And Response Locations Louisiana Alabama Norman United States North America Oklahoma Mississippi New Orleans Houston Texas Arkansas Georgia Dothan Florida Popular A frank discussion Dothan photographer faces 186 child porn possession charges Josh Parrish hired as Northview head football coach 25th anniversary of the Troy Trojans basketball team scoring a record-setting 258 points Ex-Elba QB Johnson fulfills dream with Tide Lopez, Melinda Traylor Renaissance Faire coming to Enterprise Dothan man describes Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'That could have been me' Bethel Baptist Church to open private academy in east Dothan Fort Rucker flight training contract could be worth $450 million for CAE USA Videos Featured Businesses US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Capps & Associates PC 170 S Oates St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-678-7994 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 House of Flowers 1728 W Main St, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36301 334-699-1800 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Contests Bridal Extravaganza Ticket Giveaway Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Cowen and Company William Blair Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Receives Overweight Rating from FBR & Co General Motors Company’s (GM) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST) Earns Outperform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) IAC/InterActive (IAC) Earns Buy Rating from Aegis Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Loop Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Facebook, Inc. (FB) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 7,246 Shares of Olympic Steel, Inc. (ZEUS) Aperio Group LLC Sells 2,561 Shares of Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) Huntsman Corporation (HUN) Stake Cut by Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Takes Position in Moelis & Company (MC) Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Position Maintained by Rowland & Co. Investment Counsel ADV Aperio Group LLC Buys Shares of 10,716 Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (AIMC) Position Decreased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. ConocoPhillips (COP) Position Decreased by Alpha Omega Wealth Management LLC Advisor Group Inc. Boosts Position in Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. (GWR) Macerich Company (The) (MAC) Shares Bought by Advisor Group Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Great Lakes Advisors LLC January 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Great Lakes Advisors LLC reduced its position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 47.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 32,989 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 29,333 shares during the period. Great Lakes Advisors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $2,379,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vigilant Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1,270.0% in the second quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 1,370 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 1,270 shares during the last quarter. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at approximately $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.20% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $69.12. 6,889,488 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $212.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.10. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $70.52 and a 200 day moving average price of $71.43. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 12 month low of $60.20 and a 12 month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.03 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Great Lakes Advisors LLC” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-sold-by-great-lakes-advisors-llc.html. WMT has been the subject of several research reports. Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective for the company. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 target price for the company in a report on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 12th. KeyCorp set a $90.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 7th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.30. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 11 Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) AP Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states By JEFF AMY Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 0 Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Tags General News Weather Storms Tornadoes Natural Disasters Accidents And Disasters Power Outages Service Outages Weather Forecasts Floods Property Damage Disaster Planning And Response Locations Louisiana Alabama Norman United States North America Oklahoma Mississippi New Orleans Houston Texas Arkansas Georgia Dothan Florida × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Academic Achievers Community Listings Shoals Births Volunteers Local briefs Blotter Briefs 1-14-17 Law and Order 1-15-17 Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Will you host a Super Bowl party this year? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Posted: Monday, January 2, 2017 11:38 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 12:08 AM EST (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP). Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Mond... NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By JEFF AMY Associated Press A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Classifieds Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Digital Edition Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Home News Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial BC News National News World Author bios Opinion Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Sports Hockey Catch of the Day Entertainment Local A & E Events Submit Event Alphabet Project Kid Scoop Links Raise a Reader Horoscopes Washington Post Profiles of Excellence Photos Contests Circulation Vacation Stop Delivery Problem Carrier Application Raise a Reader Flyers X Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Jeff Amy / The Associated Press January 2, 2017 07:30 PM Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) Previous Next Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead centre," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the centre's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. © Copyright 2017 Prince George Citizen Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next CNC alumni chef finds success › next Sign Up For Our e-Newsletter! City Matters Your City Matters - City of Prince George Popular Citizen You Might Like Most Read Most Recent Armed Forces member goes from land to sea June 9, 2016 CNC alumni chef finds success January 13, 2017 Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says oilsands 'not going anywhere any time soon' January 13, 2017 Crime spree earns local man time in prison January 13, 2017 The city that forgot hockey January 11, 2017 Trump fallout, elections and paying rent: 3 ways politics touched us this week January 13, 2017 Young racer Gairns gains ski cross insight January 13, 2017 Molester not an 'upstanding' citizen January 12, 2017 Cougars top Hitmen, take three of four on roadtrip January 15, 2017 Local dancer part of ballet show in P.G. January 12, 2017 Weekend wins put T-wolves in playoff picture January 15, 2017 Ross gets his hands on T-wolves' dinner January 15, 2017 Canada claims first-ever gold in team sprint January 15, 2017 Chiefs strike early, trump Kings again January 15, 2017 Cougars top Hitmen, take three of four on roadtrip January 15, 2017 Tabor ski cross course earns rave reviews January 14, 2017 MacDonald, Emaus claim Nor-Am titles January 14, 2017 Living with integrity in a post-truth world January 13, 2017 B.C.'s new children's watchdog looks to reset relationship with gov't January 13, 2017 Political parties a key part of electoral reform question January 13, 2017 Fav TV drama of 2016 POLL It’s awards season. So what was your favourite TV drama of 2016? Game of Thrones Scandal Stranger Things The Crown The Americans The Walking Dead or  view results Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Have the Prince George Citizen delivered to your inbox every day! You can unsubscribe any time, or contact us with any questions. Email:* Close Glacier Papers Alaska Highway News Pipeline News North Times Colonist Burnaby Now The Tri-Cities Now Delta-Optimist Royal City Record North Shore News Richmond News Vancouver Courier Other Sections About Us Advertising Circulation Contact Us Privacy Policy & User Agreement PG Pics Scene Sweetheart Bridal Newspapers in Education Real Estate Weekly Special Sections TV Listings Connect Facebook Twitter Back to top © Copyright 2017 Glacier Community Media Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News posted: 1/3/2017 7:00 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Associated Press People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Associated Press Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Associated Press Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Associated Press Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Associated Press   By JEFF AMY     A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Advertise With Us Calendar 55° Overcast Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Overcast. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 59F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Occasional light rain. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 10:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 9 Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 (…) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Tags Storm Meteorology Commerce Mississippi Weather Louisiana National Weather Service Texas Squall Line Transports Tornado Economics Warning Popular This Week Financial struggles to close downtown Winston-Salem restaurant Classes canceled for Tuesday; School year just got longer for Winston-Salem/Forsyth County students and teachers Skippy's Hot Dogs expected to reopen, expand under new owners Winston-Salem police charge teen in pedestrian's death 2 Winston-Salem stores fined for excessive price-scanner errors Piedmont Club may close with owner's planned departure; board tries to find new management Warning: Kerosene, gasoline mix-up discovered at convenience store in Winston-Salem Winston-Salem issues urgent warning about kerosene-gasoline mix-up at convenience store Reboot Arcade Bar to open in downtown Winston-Salem Closings and Delays Poll What are your expectations after Donald Trump’s inauguration? You voted: My life will get better M life will get worse There will be no change I don't know Vote View Results Back Galleries Mount Tabor Over North Forsyth 69-43 City Workers Volunteer to Clean up Happy Hill Cemetery Thurmond Street House Fire East Forsyth Over Glenn 67-50 Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
- The World Login | Register | Subscribe Search Search Stories Search Web Search Classifieds Advanced Search  Privacy About Our Ads Home more QUICK CLICKS: News Police Reports Legals Weather Obituaries Home Delivery Archives RSS Oregon Drift News more News Homepage National/World Police Reports Public Records Legals Weather Business Science / Health Obituaries Archives RSS Sports more Sports Homepage Outdoors National Sports Tide Charts Golf Course Guide Fishing Blog Community more Community Homepage Events Calendar Anniversaries Births Obituaries Cuisine Education Home & Garden Religion Weddings Weird News Entertainment more Entertainment & Arts Local Art Movies Free Games Sudoku Online Forums Opinion more Opinion Homepage Letters to the Editor Editorials Blogs Kudos Cheers & Jeers Blog Multimedia more Multimedia Homepage Photo Slideshows Videos Photo Galleries Special Reports Special Sections Photo Desk Blog Classifieds more Place an Ad Automotive Top Jobs Real Estate Financial Legals Merchandise Notices Rentals Bulletin Board View This Week's Ads Jan 2, 11:29 PM EST A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said By JEFF AMY Associated Press AP Photo/Butch Dill A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.   Sponsored by: Current Conditions Marketplace Jobs Cars Homes Top Ads <p></p> Connect with Us RSS Twitter Facebook Mobile Sections Homepage News Sports Community Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Multimedia Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Services Advertise on Our Site Make us your Homepage Contact Us About Us Privacy Policy Subscriber services Events Calendar Home Delivery Yellow Pages Online Jobs at The World Online Forms RSS Other Websites Let's Go Relocation Guide Toast the Coast Bandon Visitors Guide Oregon Go Green Special Sections Other Newspapers Bandon Western World The Umpqua Post Coffee Break Search Lee Enterprises A Lee Enterprises subsidiary Other Lee Websites Add to My Yahoo © Copyright , The World, 350 Commercial St. Coos Bay, Oregon | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Four dead after storms and tornadoes wreak havoc across the South  Storm system moving from Texas across the South left four dead in Alabama and a trail of destruction It blew out skylights in a Lousiana Walmart which sent water and glass flying and knocked over truck trailers More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm But the weather did not cancel the Sugar Bowl held in New Orleans as people trudged through water to cheer on their team By Forrest Hanson For Dailymail.com Published: 23:07 EST, 2 January 2017 | Updated: 20:57 EST, 3 January 2017 e-mail 61 shares 9 View comments At least four people were killed following severe weather across the Southern United States last night. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. The four dead were in Rehobeth, Alabama near the Florida border.  In a Marksville, Louisiana Walmart, the severe weather blew out skylights which sent water and glass cascading onto shoppers. It also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. Scroll down for video  Violent: A storm ripped across the South today and left a trail of damage in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties Crewmen work to remove downed trees and debris in Covington County, Mississippi A damaged home in Mount Olive, Mississippi following the violent storms today. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Walmart's roof in Marksville, Louisiana State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. And tornadoes continued to threaten southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle after sundown.   Officials in Houston County, Alabama said there was 'major flooding,' ABC reported.   More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm.  The squall line hit Louisiana's Avoyelles Parish just before noon.  Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards.  Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday. The destruction at the Marksville store is seen above RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Storm chaser captures dramatic images of America's wildest... Deadly winter storm which has killed at least one... New York governor defends decision to commute sentence of... Share this article Share In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Pictured: Damage in Mount Olive, Mississippi The storms damages farm buildings and homes across Mississippi, Texas and Louisiana. Debris in Mississippi is seen above more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Cheeky monkey! Orangutan slaps man across the face Watch video Man survives suicide attempt after jumping under a train Watch video Hostage to the Devil: The true story of Father Malachi Martin Watch video Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Watch video Truck crashes into journalists reporting on another crash Watch video Horrifying moment jet crashes and explodes at air show Watch video Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Watch video Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon Watch video Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times Watch video Ice carousel in Finland is possibly the coolest thing we've seen Watch video Females simulate sex acts on male colleagues during company event Watch video Russian brute literally throws supposed girlfriend in the TRASH The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. Bordelon said: 'Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop.' Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday. But needed repairs to a natural gas line may cause a delay. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes.  Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing at least four people in Rehoboth, Alabama While Mississippi saw great damage, there was only a stray report of hail in one county in Arkansas Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. Pictured: Crews removing debris in Covington County, Mississippi In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves.  Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas.  Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1pm Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas.  Rain dance: University of Oklahoma cheerleaders splash in puddles en route to the Sugar Bowl at the Superdome in New Orleans Waterworld: Attendees at the Sugar Bowl trudged through water to cheer on their teams An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than four inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates.  Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday.  Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. And severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi which allowed Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night's Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. But fans - and, to comedic results, Oklahoma cheerleaders - still had to trudge through puddles to get to the Superdome.     Read more: At Least 4 Dead in Alabama Tornado, Officials Say - ABC News 4 killed in Alabama storm identified by coroner - CBS News Share or comment on this article e-mail 61 shares The South is resilient. They have had to be. God bl... by Her Bearness 9 Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● Comments (9) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 2, 2017. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A trip to Wal-Mart on Monday was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. A threat of tornadoes continued after sundown for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, though, allowing Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night’s Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm, according to utilities. The squall line hit Louisiana’s Avoyelles Parish just before noon. Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team 57° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 58° F Lo: 48° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Rebuilding Gatlinburg Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines Former professional wrestler Jimmy “Superfly” Snuka dies at 73 7:58 pm Jimmy “Superfly” Snuka, a former professional wrestler who earlier this month was found not competent to stand trial in the 1983 death of hi… Knoxville remembers Civil Rights leader nearly five decades after his death 6:49 pm People in Knoxville spent the holiday weekend remembering Civil Rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. nearly five decades after his death… Pat Summitt Clinic opens at UT Medical Center in Knoxville 4:15 pm Sneaker collector finds passion project in Kicks 4 Kids 3:30 pm Sevierville police arrest armed robbery suspect 5:34 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 57° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 57° F Wind: NE 5 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 5:45 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 57° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 58° F Lo: 48° F Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Associated Press Published: January 2, 2017, 10:04 pm Updated: January 2, 2017, 11:40 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) (AP) – A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Deadly storms add to drought, flood and fires plaguing South 20 injured in Athens tornado early Wednesday morning Atlanta aims to avoid repeat of epic, icy traffic jam Plunging temperatures, powerful winds reach Northeast US Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Young Broadcasting of Knoxville, Inc. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
   Uh oh, looks like there is a problem. It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates Wheels News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Threat of tornadoes as storms sweep across South January 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Social media - no comments By JEFF AMY / Associated Press A trip to Wal-Mart on Monday was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. A threat of tornadoes continued after sundown for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, though, allowing Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night’s Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm, according to utilities. The squall line hit Louisiana’s Avoyelles Parish just before noon. Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. — Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Changing times, tastes killed the circus January 15, 2017 - National, Top Stories - no comments SARASOTA, Fla. – The Big Top is coming down – for good. On Saturday, officials of the company that owns the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus announced that it will close in May, ending a 146-year run. What… Read Post → Outgoing CIA chief warns of Russia threat January 15, 2017 - National - no comments NEW YORK – The outgoing CIA director charged on Sunday that Donald Trump lacks a full understanding of the threat Moscow poses to the United States, delivering a public lecture to the president-elect that further highlighted the bitter state of… Read Post → Bald eagles’ resurgence comes at a price January 15, 2017 - National - Tagged: Agriculture, Christmas - no comments PORTLAND, Maine – The resurgence of the bald eagle is one of America’s greatest conservation success stories. They have come back so strong that in some areas, they are interfering with efforts to preserve more jeopardized species, such as loons… Read Post → Arkansas tries to strip Gen. Lee from Martin Luther King Day January 15, 2017 - _Posts, Featured, National, News, Top Stories - Tagged: Arkansas, Confederate, Democratic Party, Martin Luther King, Robert E Lee, Social media - 3 comments LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Every third Monday in January, Arkansas state offices are closed in observance of an unlikely holiday: the shared birthdays of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. Only… Read Post → China again rejects Trump’s suggestion to negotiate Taiwan January 15, 2017 - _Posts, National, News, Top Stories, World - Tagged: China, Donald Trump, Social media, Taiwan - no comments BEIJING (AP) — China’s foreign ministry on Sunday again rejected President-elect Donald Trump’s suggestion that he might use American policy on Taiwan as a bargaining chip between the two sides. Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said that the “one China” policy… Read Post → NY mayor, celebs due at pre-inauguration Trump demonstration January 14, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Immigration - no comments   NEW YORK (AP) — New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, the Rev. Al Sharpton and celebrities including Mark Ruffalo, Michael Moore and Rosie Perez are planning to rally New Yorkers to stand up to President-elect Donald Trump on the… Read Post → Presidential bash January 14, 2017 - _Posts, National, Top Stories - Tagged: Donald Trump, Mike Pence, Supreme Court Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT, Winsted CT - no comments         Who’s going to Washington? Locals like Winsted’s Raymond Rabago, David G. LaPointe, Waterbury’s Rep. Anthony J. D’Amelio, R-71st and area college students are excited to attend Donald Trump’s inauguration. Read about those from the area headed to Washington.  … Read Post → Trump raises over $90M for inauguration January 14, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Police - no comments   WASHINGTON – The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath. That’s it. Dress it up with some hoopla and glitz, though, and pretty soon you’re talking real money. Donald Trump will have it to… Read Post → Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years January 14, 2017 - National - 1 comment   ELLENTON, Fla. (AP) — After 146 years, the curtain is coming down on “The Greatest Show on Earth.” The owner of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus told The Associated Press that the show will close forever… Read Post → SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida January 14, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Social media - no comments LOS ANGELES (AP) — A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from California on Saturday, marking the company’s first launch since a fireball engulfed a similar rocket on a Florida launch pad more than four months ago. The two-stage rocket… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Years in Business Latest News Video: Highlights of Green Bay win over Dallas 19 mins ago In thriller, Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys 44 mins ago Changing times, tastes killed the circus 1 hour ago Outgoing CIA chief warns of Russia threat 1 hour ago Bald eagles’ resurgence comes at a price 1 hour ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    Time Out    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    NFL Photo Gallery    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Fantasy football    Goalzone    Golf    High School    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    Top 25 football poll    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       UConn video       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2014    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Would you like to see the Howland-Hughes building be redeveloped? Yes, it has potential No, knock it down View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments johnct on Connecticut women to be in D.C. march johnct on Watertown crosswalk safety discussed philthy on Diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace marshall on Arkansas tries to strip Gen. Lee from Martin Luther King Day marshall on Arkansas tries to strip Gen. Lee from Martin Luther King Day Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 01/14/2017 23-55-59-64-69 PB-13Next Drawing: Wed. Jan. 18Next Jackpot: $135.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $82.5 Mega Millions for 01/13/2017 10-44-58-74-75 MB-11 MP-3Next Drawing: Tue. Jan. 17Next Jackpot: $150.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $90.6 Lotto! for 01/13/2017 08-15-21-29-31-44Next Drawing: Tue. Jan. 17Next Jackpot: $2.2 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,792,000 Lucky for Life for 01/12/2017 06-07-10-35-42 LB-09Next Drawing: Mon. Jan. 16 Cash5 for 01/14/2017 06-07-17-25-32 Upcoming Events Jan 15 Sun all-day Blue Waters New Age Fair @ Whiting MIlls Blue Waters New Age Fair @ Whiting MIlls Jan 15 all-day Join us for a unique event featuring new age practitioners, healers, intuitive readers, crystals, and spiritual gifts and art. We are an open and welcoming community. There is something for all walks of life. Admission is free. Jan 17 Tue 2:45 pm Crafternoon @ Whittemore Library Crafternoon @ Whittemore Library Jan 17 @ 2:45 pm – 4:45 pm Ages 3-10. Also, 2:30-4:30 p.m. Jan. 18, ages 10-up; 2:45-4:45 p.m. Jan. 31, ages 3-10. Free. 3:00 pm e-book Assistance @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library e-book Assistance @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library Jan 17 @ 3:00 pm – 4:00 pm Tuesday, January 17, 2017 from 3:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. Interested in using our FREE e-book and e-audiobook platforms OverDrive and OneClick Digital but don’t know how to get started on your particular device? Have you run into any technical... 3:00 pm e-book Assistance @ Whittemore Library e-book Assistance @ Whittemore Library Jan 17 @ 3:00 pm – 4:00 pm One-on-one assistance, how to get started with e-book and e-audio book platforms the library offers, troubleshoot problems. 4:15 pm Viking the Library Dog @ Whittemore Library Viking the Library Dog @ Whittemore Library Jan 17 @ 4:15 pm – 5:00 pm Viking listens to young readers. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads Dynamics, manufacturer of electromagnetic clutches and Inertia Dynamics, manufacturer of electromagnetic clutches and brakes, is currently hiring for multiple positions including assembly and machine operating. Visit www.altramotion.com/careers to apply online. MANUFACTURING MANUFACTURING CLICK BOND Offering competitive pay and benefits at a local company with a global reputation in aerospace. Tool Design Engineer Currently seeking an energetic, career minded person to join our team. The successful candidate will possess the following abilities, skills, and qualifications: Design and develop transfer tooling for U.S. Baird and Waterbury Farrell presses […] Comments Popular Today Week Month All Connecticut lawmakers plan rally to save health care law Connecticut women to be in D.C. march Shopping for tenants Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend Arkansas tries to strip Gen. Lee from Martin Luther King Day Today Week Month All Fire destroys Thomaston home Thomaston Structure Fire Joseph R. Roberge Loving husband, father, grandfather Marie V. Ieronimo Jeanne DiMaria Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Weather January 2, 2017 9:47 pm Updated: January 3, 2017 8:27 am Severe storms leave trail of damage across southern US By Jeff Amy The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the American southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A trip to Wal-Mart on Monday was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. A threat of tornadoes continued after sundown for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, though, allowing Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night’s Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Story continues below More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm, according to utilities. The squall line hit Louisiana’s Avoyelles Parish just before noon. Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Alabama Florida Panhandle Georgia Louisiana Louisiana storms Mississippi Mississippi storms Texas Texas storms Editor's Picks Canada Fake news: A real-life Cruella de Vil didn't skin dozens of Texas cats Canada Why Justin Trudeau’s trip to the Aga Khan’s island matters Consumer No, you do not have to pay a 'settlement fee' if you get an illegal download notice Health Trump's support for anti-vaxxers could lead to deadly outbreaks, disease expert warns Canada Why is Canada's top diplomat, Chrystia Freeland, banned from Russia? Lifestyle How much does it cost to raise a kid in Canada? Politics Russian intel report: Where the information came from, what it says and lingering questions FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Advertise With Us Calendar 50° Overcast Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Light rain. Tonight Cloudy with occasional light rain . Low 46F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 8:54 pm Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 9 Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 (…) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Tags Storm Meteorology Commerce Mississippi Weather Louisiana National Weather Service Texas Squall Line Transports Tornado Economics Warning Popular This Week Financial struggles to close downtown Winston-Salem restaurant Classes canceled for Tuesday; School year just got longer for Winston-Salem/Forsyth County students and teachers Skippy's Hot Dogs expected to reopen, expand under new owners Winston-Salem police charge teen in pedestrian's death 2 Winston-Salem stores fined for excessive price-scanner errors Piedmont Club may close with owner's planned departure; board tries to find new management Warning: Kerosene, gasoline mix-up discovered at convenience store in Winston-Salem Reboot Arcade Bar to open in downtown Winston-Salem Winston-Salem issues urgent warning about kerosene-gasoline mix-up at convenience store Winston-Salem Police: Two clerks injured in attempted armed robbery Poll What are your expectations after Donald Trump’s inauguration? You voted: My life will get better My life will get worse There will be no change I don't know Vote View Results Back Galleries NC Black Repertory's 2017 Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday Celebration Mount Tabor Over North Forsyth 69-43 City Workers Volunteer to Clean up Happy Hill Cemetery Thurmond Street House Fire Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
null
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Opinion Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Lake County Geauga County Cuyahoga County Ohio Nation & World Crime Weather Traffic Opinion Sports High School Sports Ohio State Cavaliers NFL MLB NBA Business Entertainment TV/Movies Lifestyle Celebrations Neighborhood News County Kids Local Guides Lottery Results Horoscopes Obituaries Browns Indians Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Local Guide Today's Ads Classifieds Net Me a Job Tools Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Newsstand Locations E-Paper Mobile Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education Gasbuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â Opinion Lawrence Wittner: Scandal of retirement pay inequality By Lawrence Wittner Posted: 01/02/17, 8:05 PM EST | Updated: 1 week, 5 days ago # Comments Cato the Elder, a Roman senator and historian, once remarked: “Cessation of work is not accompanied by cessation of expenses.” For centuries, retirees have been aware of this unfortunate fact, which led them to demand and, in many cases, secure old age pensions to help provide financial security during their “golden years.” But as indicated in a recently-released report by the Institute for Policy Studies (IPS), the financial security of retiring corporate CEOs is far, far greater than the financial security of average Americans. According to the extensively researched IPS report, A Tale of Two Retirements, 100 corporate CEOs possess company retirement funds totaling $4.7 billion — an amount equivalent to the entire retirement savings of 41 percent of U.S. families (50 million families, including 116 million Americans). The retirement funds of these 100 CEOs are also equivalent to those of 75 percent of Latino families, of 59 percent of African-American families, of 55 percent of female-headed households, and of 44 percent of white working class households. Indeed, the top 100 CEO nest eggs, if averaged, would generate a $253,088 monthly retirement check to these 100 individuals for the rest of their lives. By contrast, workers who had 401(k) pension plans at the end of 2013 had only enough in these plans to pay them an average monthly benefit of $101. Of course, these were the lucky ones. Among workers 56 to 61 years old, 39 percent had no employer-sponsored retirement plan at all, and would likely depend on Social Security, which pays an average of $1,239 per month, for retirement security. Of course, these are only averages. When one looks at individuals, the contrasts are even starker. Glenn Renwick, the Progressive Insurance Company’s CEO who retired in 2016, receives a monthly retirement check from his company for $1,035,733. Among Walmart’s 1.5 million employees, fewer than two-thirds have a company-sponsored retirement plan and, if they do, it will pay them, on average, only $131 per month. But Walmart’s CEO, Doug McMillon can expect to receive at least $360,000 per month — more than 2,700 times the amount a typical Walmart worker with a 401(k) account can expect. And there’s also CEO David Cote of Honeywell — a company that has locked out its workers from its factories in Green Island, N.Y., and South Bend, Ind., for seven months for rejecting a contract that eliminated workers’ pensions — who receives a monthly retirement check from the company for $908,712. Advertisement Or take the case of John Hammergreen, CEO of the McKesson corporation, a drug wholesaling giant. A few months after Hammergreen arrived at McKesson in 1996, the company froze its employee pension fund, closing it to workers who came there in 1997. Even so, the company launched a lavish Executive Benefit Retirement Account that enriched Hammergreen’s pension with an average of $22,000 a day for the next 20 years. Thus, today he receives a monthly retirement check from the company for $782,339. Things were not always like this. From 1946 to 1980, a combination of union action and government policy led to the expansion of pension benefits for American workers. By 1980, 46 percent of private sector workers were covered by defined benefit pensions. But, in the following decades, declining union strength, corporate attacks on pension funds, and government action resulted in a severe erosion of worker retirement security. By 2011, only 18 percent of private sector workers were covered by defined benefit plans. As demonstrated by the authors of the IPS report, the growth of economic inequality in retirement provisions resulted from rigging things in favor of CEOS through new rules for pensions, taxes, and executive compensation. “Since more than half of compensation is now tied to the company’s stock price,” the authors note, “CEOs have a powerful personal incentive for slashing worker retirement benefits in order to boost the short-term bottom line. Every dollar not spent on employee retiree security is money in the CEO’s pocket.” Although changes in public policy could close the widening pension gap, such changes do not seem likely to occur while a zealously pro-corporate party controls the White House, Congress, and the courts. Indeed, as the authors point out, thanks to the shielding of enormous CEO income in tax-deferred accounts, Fortune 500 CEOs will see very substantial gains in their retirement checks if President Trump succeeds in implementing his plan to slash the top marginal income tax rate. It’s possible that, in the long run, the rising tide of retirement insecurity will spark a revolt challenging the severe economic inequality between corporate CEOs and their American workers. Until then, however, it’s tempting to propose updating Jonathan Swift’s eighteenth century satirical suggestion, made in A Modest Proposal, that poverty among the poor might be alleviated by selling their babies as food for the rich. Perhaps, in twenty-first century America, retirement insecurity might be alleviated by selling elderly workers to the corporate rich, who could use them for the burgers sold by their fast food companies. Dr. Lawrence Wittner, syndicated by PeaceVoice, is Professor of History emeritus at SUNY/Albany. His latest book is a satirical novel about university corporatization and rebellion, What’s Going On at UAardvark? Subscribe to Home Delivery and SAVE! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The News-Herald Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feed Copyright © The News-Herald Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal ELD mandate to reveal ‘fudge’ in trucking industry hours of service requirements CIP member wants Fort Smith to ‘cease and desist’ in using street sales tax for other purposes Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise ELD mandate to reveal ‘fudge’ in trucking industry hours of service requirements CIP member wants Fort Smith to ‘cease and desist’ in using street sales tax for other purposes Gov. Hutchinson tells state Municipal League: Time to end GIFs, unfunded mandates Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Outlook improves for national trucking industry but 4Q concerns remain J.B. Hunt requests arbitration review of revenue sharing agreement with BNSF The Compass Report: State economy strong, pace of growth moderates in some areas Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Year in review: Ranking the Top 10 Northwest Arkansas stories in 2016 BusinessBusiness ServicesCentral ArkansasFort SmithLatest NewsNortheast ArkansasNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff 2 weeks ago 7 views0 0 SHARES Share Tweet Major corporate action, healthcare industry expansion and the pace of home sales were some of the top Northwest Arkansas headline topics during 2016. Following are the top 10 business stories as determined by Talk Business & Politics and the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal. • No. 1: Wal-Mart moves The business world buzzes when Wal-Mart Stores makes headlines, and the retailer made plenty in 2016. Most notable was the company’s bolstering of its e-commerce operations by acquiring web retailer Jet.com Inc. for $3.3 billion. In a September blog post announcing completion of the deal, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said the purchase builds on Wal-Mart’s strong e-commerce foundation and is intended to help accelerate growth. The deal was largely praised in the retail industry as a way for Walmart.com to boost its market share against Amazon. As a result of the deal, Jet.com founder and CEO Marc Lore was added to Wal-Mart’s leadership team, serving as executive vice president at Wal-Mart and president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce in the U.S. In other news, the company announced in April several changes that resulted in its board of directors shrinking from 15 to 12 members. Most notable was that Jim Walton, son of founders Helen and Sam Walton, would not seek re-election to the board. At the June shareholders meeting, Steuart Walton, one of Jim Walton’s three sons, was elected to the board. • No. 2: Tyson transitions Tom Hayes began 2016 as Tyson Foods’ chief commercial officer. Twelve months and two promotions later, he will soon be the global meat company’s new chief executive officer. Tom Hayes, incoming CEO of Tyson Foods Hayes, who was promoted to president in June when the company divided the CEO and president roles, will take the reins as CEO on Jan. 1. He joined Tyson Foods in 2014 as a result of the company’s acquisition of The Hillshire Brands Co. Current CEO Donnie Smith, 57, announced his retirement effective Dec. 31, though he will remain an adviser to the company and its board for three more years. Smith spent 36 years with Tyson Foods and was named CEO in 2009. The transition at the top comes at a time when the company is facing multiple federal class action anti-trust lawsuits. Tyson Foods and 14 other competitors are accused of conspiring to keep broiler supplies low in 2008, 2011 and 2012 in order to drive up chicken prices. The suit was filed in the Northern District of Illinois. Tyson Foods also established a $150 million venture capital fund in 2016 called Tyson New Ventures LLC. The Chicago-based fund’s first investment was a 5% stake announced in October with the startup Beyond Meat, a vegan food product company. Tyson Foods ended its fiscal year with net income of $1.77 billion, a 45% jump over the previous fiscal year. • No. 3: Healthcare happenings It was a big fundraising year locally for Little Rock-based Arkansas Children’s Hospital, which is building a 37-acre hospital campus in Springdale. Numerous organizations made contributions to the effort, starting in May with an $8 million pledge from Wal-Mart Stores and its charitable arm, Walmart Foundation. Numerous companies and individuals followed with seven-figure donations announced throughout the year, and Tyson Foods and the Tyson family pledged $15 million, the largest donation in ACH’s 104-year history. The final beam was signed by hundreds of area residents before it was placed atop the steel structure at the Arkansas Children’s Hospital Northwest during a Sept. 28 ceremony. The project is expected to cost approximately $428 million in construction, technology, equipment and operating expenses over the next five years. In August, ACH officials went public with a $70 million fundraising campaign to help support the project, and has secured about $56 million of that total. Mercy Northwest Arkansas grabbed headlines in April, announcing it will invest $247 million to expand its services throughout Northwest Arkansas, highlighted by construction of a 279,000-square-foot patient tower west of the existing hospital on Interstate 49 in Rogers. In January, Washington Regional Medical System announced a $19 million project to build a 66,000-square-foot healthcare facility. Other healthcare developments this year included the completion of a five-story, 132,800-square-foot Women and Infants Center at Washington Regional Medical Center. • No. 4: Home-buying hotbed A strong economy helped home prices skyrocket, and buyers lined up to purchase a home in Northwest Arkansas in record numbers in 2016. According to data from Eric Harris, agent with Weichert Realtors Downum Group in Springdale, there were 8,933 home sales in Benton and Washington counties through the first 11 months this year. That’s up 16.2% from 7,683 unit sales in the first 11 months of 2015. The sales volume from January through November was a combined $1.91 billion in the two-county area. That’s up 33.5% from a sales volume of $1.43 billion through the first 11 months last year. In fact, the residential activity in the first 11 months of 2016 has easily surpassed totals from all of 2015. Agents sold 8,382 homes last year in the two-county area, with a combined volume of $1.57 billion. New home construction in Northwest Arkansas is also on a record pace. Residential permit value in the area’s four largest – Bentonville, Fayetteville, Rogers and Springdale – through the first 11 months this year totaled $417.65 million, up 16.4% from $358.79 million for the entire year in 2015. • No. 5: Downtown development continues Downtown neighborhoods continued to be a focus of development efforts in 2016, with Walton family groups funding many projects. In Bentonville, the movement continued to spread beyond the square. With $15 million in Walton Family Foundation funding, NorthWest Arkansas Community College added to the city’s Market District by transforming a former Tyson Foods factory into a 28,000-square-foot facility for its culinary school, which will open in January and serve as anchor of the 8th Street Market. Food and entertainment options have been at the forefront of development. For example, a Walton-owned company is building a $2.4 million, six-screen movie theater planned to open early 2017 in Bentonville’s Arts District, and TheatreSquared on Nov. 3 revealed plans for a new 50,000-square-foot venue on Dickson Street in Fayetteville. In Springdale, construction is ongoing for a 44,000-square-foot Tyson Foods office downtown, and the Walton Foundation announced on Nov. 16 plans to help redevelop downtown Springdale’s municipal buildings by donating $3.3 million toward its design through its Northwest Arkansas Design Excellence program. • No. 6: Stadium expansion University of Arkansas officials unveiled plans in January for a $160 million expansion of Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium in Fayetteville. The Board of Trustees approved the project in June by an 8-2 vote, but not without objections from board member and former U.S. Sen. David Pryor, who wrote to fellow board members the expansion plan “defies common sense.” Just before the board’s June vote, five former UA board members — including Tyson Foods chairman John Tyson — also publicly opposed the expansion plan through a guest commentary that was published in the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. The expansion will increase capacity from 72,000 to 76,000 and is scheduled to be completed in time for the 2018 football season. The project will be funded entirely by athletic revenues, gifts and bond proceeds from a future $120 million bond issue, according to the UA’s preliminary financing plan. Bonds will be repaid over a 20-year period using athletic revenues generated from the stadium. • No. 7: Walton Arts center re-opens One significant development in downtown Fayetteville this year was the completion of a $23 million, two-year expansion and renovation project at the Walton Arts Center. Walton Arts Center’s leadership said the renovation was sorely needed in order to meet the ever-expanding needs of traveling Broadway shows, which caused the center to make a wide array of adjustments, including using its black-box Starr Theater as storage. The city of Fayetteville rallied behind the effort in 2013 by approving $7 million worth of tax money toward the project, and the Walton Family Foundation, the Walmart Foundation and the Willard & Pat Walker Charitable Foundation were among the major donors that followed. Arts and entertainment options are a major draw for prospective residents, and the Walton Arts Center in the 1990s set the stage for Dickson Street to become an entertainment hotspot, the center’s leadership said. Now, the newly renovated facility will pave the way for the future of the district. • No. 8: Assisted living boom There are 445 licensed beds among nine assisted living facilities in Benton County according to the Arkansas Department of Human Services’ Office of Long Term Care (OLTC). In Rogers, there are five projects totaling nearly $80 million in construction either under construction or proposed that will add 526 new units to the inventory. Two of the projects are freestanding memory care facilities, the first developments in Benton County devoted solely to memory care. The other two properties will offer a full continuum of services for residents — independent living, assisted living and memory care. Developers who spoke with the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal say they aren’t concerned about getting ahead of the demand curve, citing the growth of the NWA metro. In addition, of the new units, nearly 200 will be for memory care. In Arkansas, there are more than 54,000 people aged 65 and above who have Alzheimer’s, and that number is expected to increase by 24%, to 67,000 people, within the next decade. • No. 9: Private and charter schools grow In 2016, there was continued expansion of public charter schools in the region. The Arkansas Board of Education in July approved a new Haas Hall Academy of Fayetteville campus at the Jones Center for Families in Springdale, and in October it approved an additional campus in downtown Rogers. Both campuses of the college-prep secondary school will open in August and could enroll up to 500 students apiece. The historic Lane Hotel will house the Rogers campus, and it is owned by a Walton family entity. The Walton Family Foundation has advocated for charter schools nationwide. On a regional level, adding to the area’s educational offerings is named as one of its top initiatives. Officials also revealed this year the name and location of a new independent school in Bentonville. Thaden School, backed by the Walton Foundation, will be built at the former Benton County Fairgrounds site near downtown Bentonville. The school is named in honor of Bentonville native Iris Louise McPhetridge Thaden (1905-1979), considered one of the greatest aviators of her time. The school will open in the fall of 2017 starting with grades seven and nine and grow incrementally over the next four years to serve students in grades six through 12. • No. 10: Interstate 49 changing J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Metro Appliances & More and Sam’s Furniture have invested more than $45 million into new buildings along Interstate 49 while the corridor itself undergoes a $287.9 million reconstruction. Lowell-based carrier J.B. Hunt is building a six-story, 133,000-square-foot office tower at its corporate headquarters. The $33 million project started in September 2015 and should be completed this spring. Metro has invested $9 million into a 120,000-square-foot building on 6 acres northwest of I-49 and Arkansas Highway 264 in Lowell. Construction might be completed late this year or early 2017. In Springdale, Sam’s opened a 120,000-square-foot store this past spring. With a building permit valued at $2.08 million, C.R. Crawford Construction of Fayetteville built it. Meanwhile, road crews have been widening nearly 26 miles of I-49 to six lanes, from Bentonville to Fayetteville. The $1.8 billion Connecting Arkansas Program, $1.3 billion Interstate Rehabilitation Program and revenue from the state gas tax are funding the projects of the Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department. Other major road work underway includes the $100.62 million U.S. Highway 412 bypass project, which was the single-largest contract approved in the highway department’s 103-year history, and a $52.6 million Bella Vista bypass project. Comments comments Previous post Riff Raff: Calling the system an SOB Next post Tusk to Tail: The Belk Bowl dumpster fire included moonshine and ‘Sweet Tarts’ Related posts New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal by Talk Business & Politics staff - 3 days ago Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas by George Jared - 3 days ago Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise by Steve Brawner - 3 days ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal by Talk Business & Politics staff - 3 days ago Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Hutchinson: Good things happen when Arkansas Legislature works together Riff Raff: Calling the system an SOB HIPAA audits and redacting Can you brand sand? Abolishing the fiscal session and other possible constitutional amendments Latest Popular Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act 2 hours ago Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education 2 hours ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal 3 days ago Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas 3 days ago Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise 3 days ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal 87 views Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas 71 views Forty Under 40: Dr. Steve Whitelaw 67 views Forty Under 40: John Scott 67 views Forty Under 40: Mickey Richardson 66 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Adams County Crime Blotter: Huffing in the… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Denver, Aurora ethics rules Killer gets 3 life sentences Broncos new staff Crowd at Coffman event Analysis: Avs downfall Broncos rookie class News YourHub Adams County Crime Blotter: Huffing in the Walmart parking lot Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Provided by Law Enforcement | PUBLISHED: January 4, 2017 at 6:24 am | UPDATED: January 4, 2017 at 6:26 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Unhappy crowd shows up at Mike Coffman’s regular meeting with constituents Vance Joseph goes big with coaching hires to bring offensive “swagger” back to Denver Joe Woods to be Broncos’ defensive coordinator After massive mountain snow, Colorado’s drought situation — and snowpack — is improving Kickin’ it with Kiz: How would Broncos’ nemesis Philip Rivers look in a Denver uniform? Metro Denver’s housing market developing a split personality, sending rents down and home prices up Passed out in the parking lot. A shopper at Walmart, 5990 Dahlia St., Commerce City, came out to his car Nov. 29 and noticed that someone had backed into it, and that the suspect car was still there, idling. A woman inside the car was unconscious, so that man called police. Officers discovered that the driver of the idling car had inhaled fumes from an entire can of aerosol cleaner and passed out trying to leave the parking lot. She was medically evaluated and ticketed. Shaken Pepsi. On Nov. 15, someone driving in the King Soopers parking lot, 1575 W. 84th Ave., Federal Heights, narrowly avoided hitting a pedestrian. The pedestrian said something to the driver, who stopped his car and took a shaken bottle of Pepsi and threw it in the bed of the pedestrian’s truck, where it exploded. The suspect drove away. Apartment  burglary. A woman who lives in the 1400 block of West 85th Avenue, Federal Heights, called police Nov. 14 because someone broke into her apartment and stole her laptop and a gaming console. The woman’s dresser drawers were turned inside out, and the TVs were unplugged and moved. Officers found a burglary tool inside the residence. Overnight damage. Someone called Northglenn police Dec. 5 to report that the passenger window on their company car was smashed out in the 11600 block of Huron Street. There are no suspects. Stolen motorcycle. On Dec. 6, Northglenn police patrolling the 11300 block of Melody Drive found an abandoned motorcycle in a nearby parking lot. It was found to be stolen out of Broomfield, so it was confiscated. Another damaged car was also recovered nearby. Tags:  crime blotter Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in YourHub New Lakewood Police chief looks to provide stability in first year January 11, 2017, 2:21 pm New Lakewood Police Chief Dan McCasky is entering his first full year on the job after officially being given the post in October. He is looking to provide stability at the department in 2017. Denver crime blotter: Phone requested, coat demanded January 11, 2017, 2:18 pm On Dec. 28, a man called Denver police after a suspect tried to steal his coat at a bus stop in the 3000 block of West Yale Avenue. Jefferson County’s historic Boettcher Mansion turns 100 in 2017 January 11, 2017, 1:46 pm The Boettcher Mansion, a historic arts and crafts style mansion and events venue owned by Jefferson County, celebrates its 100th anniversary in 2017. Business Q&A: White Lotus Therapeutics, Denver January 10, 2017, 5:11 pm White Lotus Therapeutics personalizes wholistic healing for each client. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Milpitas: SJ transient arrested for auto theft… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Wrestler ‘Superfly’ Snuka dead Most-wanted arrest Band’s free-speech fight More rain next week Bay Area inauguration events Tax tips Community News Milpitas: SJ transient arrested for auto theft outside Walmart Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Johnny Arce Jr. By Aliyah Mohammed | amohammed@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 4, 2017 at 4:46 pm | UPDATED: January 4, 2017 at 4:50 pm Johnny Arce Jr., a 32-year-old San Jose transient, was arrested on New Year’s Day for automobile theft and possession of stolen property outside Walmart in Milpitas, police say. At 8:24 a.m. Sunday, a Milpitas police officer saw a gold 2014 Hyundai Elantra with temporary paper plates in the parking lot of the store at 301 Ranch Drive. The officer inspected the car and saw a man sleeping in the right front passenger seat, police said. A check of the vehicle identification number revealed the car was reported stolen from Santa Clara on Dec. 20. Officers detained the person sleeping in the Hyundai and continued to watch the vehicle, police said. Eventually, officers contacted Arce as he returned to the stolen car and tried to get in, but he ran away. Police say they chased Arce as he ran into Walmart, but he was quickly arrested in the store. A search of the car revealed drug paraphernalia and a stolen passport, police said. Arce was on probation for automobile theft in Santa Clara County. In addition, he had three felony warrants from the Santa Clara County Sheriff’s Office and the San Jose Police Department for robbery, narcotics sales, and violation of his probation. The suspect also had a misdemeanor warrant from the San Jose Police Department for possession of an illegal knife, police said. Arce was booked into Santa Clara County Main Jail for possession of a stolen vehicle, possession of stolen property, possession of drug paraphernalia and for the outstanding warrants. The passenger was released at the scene, police said.   Tags:  Crime Blotter Aliyah Mohammed Aliyah Mohammed covers local government, education, breaking news and community issues in Milpitas and Fremont. She is also the web and social media coordinator for the Milpitas Post and Fremont Argus. Aliyah has been working for Bay Area News Group since 2013. She graduated from U.C. Berkeley with a double bachelors in English and media studies in 2013. Aliyah loves coffee, traveling, soccer and being a devoted bibliophile. Follow Aliyah Mohammed @Aliyah_JM Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular A failing marriage: 49ers and Santa Clara Bay Area storms will make for a spectacular spring San Jose: Retired firefighters who owe tens of thousands speak out Before and after photos: See how rains filled California reservoirs Kawakami: Stephen Curry sees no reason to leave the Warriors this summer Ask Amy: Should handicap permit still be used by widow? Exclusive: Stephen Curry talks LeBron, Durant and more with Tim Kawakami Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat More in Community News Sunnyvale: Irvine Company has submitted plans to build 1,076 housing units at AMD headquarters January 15, 2017, 11:00 am The Irvine Company has submitted a plan to the city of Sunnyvale to bring 1,076 housing units to the Advanced Micro Devices campus on Duane Avenue. The move will end the chip company’s 47-year run in Sunnyvale, as AMD is moving to Santa Clara. According to the project application submitted to the city, the plan for the 34-acre site at 1090... Valley Life: Barely handling cold locally and bound for Chi-town January 15, 2017, 6:00 am I’ve got cabin fever. Being a California girl, I’m not used to this cold and rainy weather. Right now it’s freezing outside. The thermometer reads 55 degrees. Brr. I prefer weather somewhere between 70 and 85 degrees, so when it starts dipping into the 60s, I bring out the thick fuzzy socks, the long-sleeved cotton shirts, a puffy vest, and... Antioch: Rowdy teens at ‘The Bye, Bye Man’ prompt movie theater call to police January 15, 2017, 10:01 am Rowdy teens on Friday forced an Antioch movie theater to call police and cancel all showings of a film on opening night. Bay Area storm photos: See what you missed during last week’s flooding January 14, 2017, 9:08 pm A string of storms sent rainfall totals across the Bay Area surging above normal for this time of year and these images show the impact across the region. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Grovetown Walmart attempted shoplifting suspect sought - WFXG FOX 54 - News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WFXG FOX 54 News and Weather apps Contests NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Traffic Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Grovetown Walmart attempted shoplifting suspect sought 2017-01-04T21:22:34Z2017-01-04T21:22:34Z By J. Bryan Randall, Digital Content Manager Email Connect jrandall@wfxg.com Follow @JBRandallWFXG Grovetown attempted shoplifting suspect 12/8/16 (Columbia County Sheriff's Office) GROVETOWN, GA (WFXG) - The Columbia County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help identifying an attempted shoplifting suspect. A Walmart Loss Prevention officer says on Dec. 8, 2016, the woman pictured in this article walked out the front door of the Walmart on Steiner Way in Grovetown without attempting to pay for the items in her cart. When confronted, the woman reportedly took off on foot, leaving all the merchandise behind. Among the items the woman reportedly attempted to steal were pillows, rugs, canvas pictures, coffee mugs, shower curtain rods, boots, water bottles and bedsheets. If you have any information on this crime or know who this woman is, please contact the Columbia County Sheriff's Office. Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> Augusta Futurity's 38th Annual horse-cutting competition brings western culture and economic boost to area Augusta Futurity's 38th Annual horse-cutting competition brings western culture and economic boost to area Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:51 PM EST2017-01-16 01:51:46 GMT Augusta Futurity brings horse cutting to the CSRA once a year, and cowboy culture saddles up for the ride. The week-long competition is expected to bring $1.6 million in revenue to the local economy. More >> Augusta Futurity brings horse cutting to the CSRA once a year, and cowboy culture saddles up for the ride. The week-long competition is expected to bring $1.6 million in revenue to the local economy.More >> Martin Luther King, Jr. parade in Augusta honors his civil rights legacy Martin Luther King, Jr. parade in Augusta honors his civil rights legacy Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 9:36 PM EST2017-01-15 02:36:28 GMT The 34th Annual MLK Day parade in Augusta was a stacked event--100 units and hundreds of spectators from all around the CSRA were not afraid to show their support for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s message of unity.More >> The 34th Annual MLK Day parade in Augusta was a stacked event--100 units and hundreds of spectators from all around the CSRA were not afraid to show their support for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s message of unity.More >> Aiken teenager dies in late-night car crash Aiken teenager dies in late-night car crash Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 11:54 AM EST2017-01-14 16:54:06 GMT A single-vehicle crash cost an Aiken County teenager her life late last night, the Aiken County Coroner's Office confirms. More >> A single-vehicle crash cost an Aiken County teenager her life late last night, the Aiken County Coroner's Office confirms.More >> UPDATE: Person arrested in connection with New Ellenton explosives UPDATE: Person arrested in connection with New Ellenton explosives Updated: Friday, January 13 2017 7:37 PM EST2017-01-14 00:37:01 GMT Law enforcement investigating IEDs in New Ellenton (WFXG) In an afternoon press conference, the Aiken County Sheriff's Office gave an update on the investigation into explosive devices that have been found in New Ellenton. More >> In an afternoon press conference, the Aiken County Sheriff's Office gave an update on the investigation into explosive devices that have been found in New Ellenton.More >> Health officials urge residents to check radon levels Health officials urge residents to check radon levels Updated: Friday, January 13 2017 4:14 PM EST2017-01-13 21:14:02 GMT There's something that homeowners in the CSRA should be on the lookout for. Radon Gas. The only problem is it's odorless, tasteless and hard to detect. More >> There's something that homeowners in the CSRA should be on the lookout for. Radon Gas. The only problem is it's odorless, tasteless and hard to detect.More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Manhunt Manhunt for suspect in deadly beating at Texas Walmart By Fox 26 Houston Published January 04, 2017 Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print Michael Brandon Jemison.  (Tomball Police) A suspect charged with murder in the beating death of a man at a Walmart in Texas is on the loose, police said Wednesday. Michael Brandon Jemison, 29, allegedly struck the man in the head, and that man later died at the hospital. DRAMATIC GUNFIGHT IN ARIZONA WALMART CAUGHT ON VIDEO Police say the victim, Justin Jones, was with a friend inside the Tomball Walmart on Monday around 1 a.m. when he at some point engaged in conversation with the suspect. The suspect then struck Jones, knocking him to the floor unconscious. The suspect left the store and Jones was taken to Memorial Herman Hospital in the Woodlands where he was pronounced dead Monday at 3.56 p.m. Investigators determined from acquaintances and witnesses that Jones and Jamison knew each other and had an ongoing dispute for some time. Click for more from Fox 26. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions CRIME Dramatic gunfight in Arizona Walmart caught on video Published January 04, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   Video released Tuesday captured a dramatic scene inside an Arizona Walmart as police and a gun-toting suspect bolted toward the doors, dodging bullets. The suspect -- apparently a trespasser -- had opened fire on the officers last April before police killed him, Fox 10 reported. OFFICER'S 14-YEAR-OLD SON DIES IN THE HOSPITAL AFTER FOUND SHOT IN THE HEAD A worker at the Walmart in Chandler called 911 on 24-year-old Mitchell Oakley, saying he'd trespassed at the store before, according to investigators. Officers Joshua Pueblo and Daniel Colwell arrived at the scene before Oakley fired at them, police said, adding that one gunshot critically wounded Pueblo. Expand / Contract Mitchell Oakley in an undated photo. (Arizona Dept. of Corrections) MAN ARMED WITH KNIFE SHOT TO DEATH BY NEW YORK POLICE As the video released by police showed, Colwell raced after the gunman, with the officer firing his weapon as he slid on the floor. Oakley barged out the door, dropping what appeared to be a gun before he stumbled on the ground. Police confirmed the officer killed the suspect. Colwell also suffered injuries in the gunfight, police said. Both officers were wearing ballistic vests at the time, Detective Seth Tyler told the Arizona Republic. Oakley had served a few months in prison for attempted aggravated assault and vehicle theft. Chandler is a 30-minute drive southeast of Phoenix. Click for more from Fox 10. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions CRIME Dramatic gunfight in Arizona Walmart caught on video Published January 04, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   Video released Tuesday captured a dramatic scene inside an Arizona Walmart as police and a gun-toting suspect bolted toward the doors, dodging bullets. The suspect -- apparently a trespasser -- had opened fire on the officers last April before police killed him, Fox 10 reported. OFFICER'S 14-YEAR-OLD SON DIES IN THE HOSPITAL AFTER FOUND SHOT IN THE HEAD A worker at the Walmart in Chandler called 911 on 24-year-old Mitchell Oakley, saying he'd trespassed at the store before, according to investigators. Officers Joshua Pueblo and Daniel Colwell arrived at the scene before Oakley fired at them, police said, adding that one gunshot critically wounded Pueblo. Expand / Contract Mitchell Oakley in an undated photo. (Arizona Dept. of Corrections) MAN ARMED WITH KNIFE SHOT TO DEATH BY NEW YORK POLICE As the video released by police showed, Colwell raced after the gunman, with the officer firing his weapon as he slid on the floor. Oakley barged out the door, dropping what appeared to be a gun before he stumbled on the ground. Police confirmed the officer killed the suspect. Colwell also suffered injuries in the gunfight, police said. Both officers were wearing ballistic vests at the time, Detective Seth Tyler told the Arizona Republic. Oakley had served a few months in prison for attempted aggravated assault and vehicle theft. Chandler is a 30-minute drive southeast of Phoenix. Click for more from Fox 10. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us WEATHER ALERT Winter Weather Advisory Full Story NEWS Man charged with murder after motorcycle helmet attack at Walmart Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7chicago.com/video/embed/?pid=1685468" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Girlfriend of murder victim says suspect should turn himself in (KTRK) KTRK Wednesday, January 04, 2017 TOMBALL, Texas -- A man accused of using a motorcycle helmet to kill someone at a Tomball Walmart on Monday has been charged with murder. Surveillance video from the store shows 29-year-old Michael Brandon Jemison and Justin Jones arguing with each other, Tomball police said. According to investigators, Jemison hit Jones with the helmet, causing him to collapse inside the store. Jones died at the hospital. Lindsey Stover says she never imagined starting the new year without "JJ." "He told me he loved me, I told him I loved him. I didn't think that would be the last kiss I ever got from him," Stover said. Jones was a father of two and Stover says had taken on raising her children, too. "He was great with kids. My kids, my sister's kids, his own kids especially," she said. "He was a big kid himself. Happy, full of life." Police say Jones was inside the Walmart early Monday morning with a friend, then had a conversation with Jemison. "We have reason to believe that they knew each other. It appears it has been an ongoing feud between people in that group," said Sgt. Gary Hammond, with the Tomball Police Department. Stover says the friend Jones was with was withdrawing money to give him before the encounter with Jemison. She believes it was only about $60. "I don't think it was spur of the moment. This guy saw an old enemy," Stover said. She says the incident should have never ended like this. "Stand up, act like a man, you take another man's life, turn yourself in," Stover said. "Own up to what you did and quit hiding." If you have any information, you are asked to contact the Tomball Police Department at 281-351-5451. Related Topics: newsmurderwalmartu.s. & worldTexas Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Young mother dies 7 months after being shot Memorial Day weekend Surveillance image released in fatal Englewood hit-and-run Chicago police officer charged with sexual assault of minor At Least 22 Democratic Congress Members Plan to Skip Inauguration More News Top Stories Chicago police officer charged with sexual assault of minor Chicago Weather: Freezing rain could impact Monday morning commute Shooting suspect fatally shot by police in East Garfield Park Young mother dies 7 months after being shot Memorial Day weekend Woman, 11-year-old boy, injured in North Aurora drive-by shooting Trump Changes Plans on MLK Day Visit To African American History Museum Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Show More Illinois Senate vows swift action on ambitious budget plan Facebook to begin warning users of fake news before German election Bishop Eddie Long dies at age 63 John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Kamiyah Mobley, kidnapped as infant, meets biological parents More News Top Video John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Newsviews: What are Donald Trump's priorities? Shooting suspect fatally shot by police in East Garfield Park Daily Herald: Cubs Convention and season outlook More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 41,676 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 23,978 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 23,927 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 21,714 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 17,855 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 13,840 Woman found half naked, bound with duct tape likely knew attackers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Video shows gunman’s fatal encounter with cops By Joshua Rhett Miller View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 4, 2017 | 11:50am | Updated January 4, 2017 | 12:15pm A newly released surveillance video shows the moment a gunman was killed and two officers were wounded during a gunfight in an Arizona Wal-Mart. The 36-second clip, released by the Chandler Police Department, shows how a “seemingly routine” police response to a reported trespasser turned deadly last April — when the suspect suddenly opened fire on the officers. The 24-year-old suspect, Mitchell Oakley, squeezed off several shots as soon as Officers Joshua Pueblo and Daniel Colwell arrived at the store, the Arizona Republic reported. The video shows Colwell diving across the floor as Oakley, a convicted felon, dashes out of the store. The officer then returns fire as Oakley sprints through the exit and bullets shatter the storefront door. The video then shows another angle of Oakley storming out of the store with a gun in his right hand, with Colwell following just behind. Police officials said both officers were wearing ballistic vests, but Pueblo was shot in the face. Colwell took two bullets to his vest, knocking him to the floor, before he flipped over and fired back at Oakley. He was released from the hospital in a wheelchair just one week after the shooting, ABC15.com reports. Police officials created donation accounts for both officers last April. Pueblo, who was released from the hospital one week after the shooting, remains on medical leave while recovering. Colwell has since returned to duty, Detective Seth Tyler said. Meanwhile, Oakley’s parents told the Arizona Republic the incident was out of the norm for their son, who had never previously owned a gun or shot firearms. “It’s a shock,” Laura Oakley told the newspaper. “I never would have expected it.” Chandler Police Chief Sean Duggan told reporters in April that the incident was another example of how dangerous policing can be. “Our officers responded to what some may call a routine call, even though we realized that there is no such thing as a routine call,” Duggan said, according to KTAR.com. “But when they arrived, as they approached, they were shot multiple times in a matter of seconds. A seemingly routine call turned into a deadly encounter within a split-second.  At that point, the officers drew their guns and they shot and killed the suspect.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under arizona ,  police shootings ,  trespassing ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Trump blames 'Schumer clowns' for ObamaCare 'mess' Read Next Trump blames 'Schumer clowns' for ObamaCare 'mess' Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 12-year-old girl live streams her suicide in front yard Share Selection Trending Now in News 41,239 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 26,784 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 23,918 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On More women rip Michael Che’s dating app etiquette Katie Couric’s ready for her TV comeback Eric Schneiderman and Preet Bharara power lunch SEE ALL Now On How To Watch The NFL Playoff Games Online For Free SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon... It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies More Stories pagesix Photo of Justin Trudeau's mom commando at Studio 54 up for auction Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Bay County Walmart evacuated due to trash compactor fire Print Email Jacob Hamilton | jhamilt3@mlive.com By Jacob Hamilton | jhamilt3@mlive.com The Bay City Times on January 04, 2017 at 11:10 AM comments BANGOR TOWNSHIP, MI - Walmart, 3921 Wilder Road in Bay County's Bangor Township, was evacuated at about 9:45 a.m. Wednesday, Jan. 4, due to a fire that started in a trash compactor attached to the rear of the building. Bay County Sheriff's deputies, Bay City Public Safety Officers and Michigan State Police cordoned off entrances as Bangor Township firefighters dealt with the smoking compactor, which was extinguished by 10:15 a.m. Entrances were blocked at the south end of the complex, also home to Home Depot and Dollar Tree stores which remained open. The parking lot was still accessible by the north entrance near Home Depot. The fire was contained to the trash compactor, and no flames were visible when authorities arrived, according to a Bay County Sheriff's deputy at the scene. Authorities said the store may reopen later in the day, but remained evacuated as of 10:15 a.m. due to smoke inside the building. The cause of the fire has not yet been determined, officials said. Detroit Auto Show Relive top vehicle unveilings 2017 Detroit auto show unique technology and oddities The most overlooked vehicles at the Detroit auto show Technology steals show, but is 'mobility fatigue' setting in? Where to eat in Detroit Attractions to see in Detroit Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Video released of two police officers shot in Arizona Walmart Listen | Print By Arthur Weinreb     Jan 4, 2017 in Crime Chandler - The surveillance video shows two Chandler, Arizona police officers in a local Walmart after receiving a call. The alleged trespasser pulled out a gun and shot the two officers multiple times before one of the injured officers returned fire, killing him. Although the incident occurred last April, the Chandler Police Department just released the video of the shootout yesterday. Both officers survived being shot multiple times. During the early morning of April 23, 2016, Officer Joshua Pueblo went to the Walmart store to help fellow officer Daniel Colwell. Colwell had gone to the store to evict a person who had previously trespassed in the store. The suspect was later identified as Mitchell Oakley. The video begins showing Pueblo walking in the store to answer what appeared to be a non-emergency call. The officers can be seen outside the McDonald’s restaurant located in the store. Video inside McDonald’s shows something is happening at the entrance way of the restaurant. Customers in the restaurant can be seen reacting to the shots being fired; an employee and another customer can be seen running to the back of the store. The next clip shows the entrance way to McDonald’s. Oakley is standing at the entrance as the two officers approach him and one comes within inches of the alleged trespasser. The suspect pulls a gun and fires, hitting each officer multiple times. Pueblo, who was shot in the face, managed to get away to safety. Colwell chased after Oakley and fell, hitting a sign near the entrance to Walmart. Oakley then runs out of the store and stops to pick up something he dropped, presumably his gun. Colwell, while in a sitting position after having fallen, shot and killed the fleeing man as he bent down to pick up the item he dropped. Despite being shot multiple times, Officer Daniel Colwell managed to shoot and kill shooter Chandler Police Department Colwell was taken to hospital and released the same weekend. Pueblo, who was shot in the arm and face, was initially hospitalized in the ICU but was later transferred to an ordinary ward. Oakley, who was described by police as a transient, had a criminal record, and spent time in jail for aggravated assault, car theft and destruction of jail property. He was last released from jail in March 2015. A few days after the shootings, Chandler Police Chief Sean Duggan praised the bravery of the two officers saying they put their lives on the line and “literally saved people inside the store.” He also said the incident served as a reminder of how dangerous the job is. Pueblo is now recovering at home and is on medical leave. Colwell is back on the job. More about surveillance video, police shot at walmart, chandler police department, Mcdonald's, Walmart More news from surveillance video police shot at walma... chandler police depa... Mcdonald s Walmart Latest News Top News Trump accuses Merkel of 'catastrophic mistake' over migrants Congolese M23 rebels cross over from Uganda, 'clash with army' Depressions on surface of Mars offer clues for life Heavy desert rain brings millions of shrimps back to life Op-Ed: Trump team — Canada would face border taxes just like Mexico Pope admits to 'darkness' in own faith Controversial Stonehenge tunnel given OK by UK government French presidential hopeful Valls attacked over migrants What changes under Turkey's new constitution plan? Accidentally running over protesters OK under new N. Dakota bill Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Technology EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 69° 69° Low 66° High 75° Mon 66° 78° Tue 58° 67° Wed 60° 76° See complete forecast Suspect arrested after man beaten to death with helmet inside Tomball Walmart Posted 9:06 AM, January 4, 2017, by J.O. Malone, Updated at 09:33PM, January 4, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × Suspect arrested after man beaten to death with helmet inside Tomball Walmart TOMBALL, Texas — The manhunt ended Wednesday night for a man accused of beating another Walmart customer with a motorcycle helmet in Tomball. The Tomball Police Department said suspect Michael Brandoon Jemison has been arrested and is charged with murder. The incident, which was captured on surveillance video, happened Monday at a Walmart in the 27600 block of Highway 249. Police said Justin Jones, 37, and a friend were inside the store around 1 a.m. when Jones began to talk to Jemison. At some point during the conversation, Jemison struck Jones with a helmet, causing Jones to fall to the floor unconscious. Surveillance footage showed Jemison calmly walking out of the store after the incident. Police said the two men knew each other and there had been an ongoing dispute between them for quite some time. Jones was rushed to Memorial Hermann Hospital in the Woodlands, where he was pronounced dead. Jemison, 29, has been charged with murder. The Tomball Police Department is trying to track down Jemison and has released information about the beating, and photos of the suspect, on its Facebook page. Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 281-351-5451. Filed in: Local, NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular Police say they can’t stop video of girl’s suicide from being shared online Autopsy: New Mexico girl was raped and strangled on 10th birthday, had STD when she died Parents charged in death of 5-year-old girl found hidden in restaurant Mom charged after Utah boy locked in bathroom for ‘at least a year,’ police say Latest News Runners brave the elements in 45th Chevron Marathon City cleans up highway 59 underpass, continues working on Comprehensive Homeless Initiative Facebook to begin warning users of fake news before German election 10 die in latest Brazilian prison riot Local NewsFix PD: Local rapper ‘Mr. 3-2’ killed in shooting at southeast Houston gas station; suspect in custody Nation/World NewsFix Man accused of spraying women with bodily fluid at Ohio Walmart Nation/World NewsFix Man arrested in ambush-style death of San Antonio officer, police say Local NewsFix Tomball High School student arrested for alleged shooting threat Local NewsFix 3 arrested, charged after CVS robbery, chase in north Harris County Local NewsFix HPD: Arrest made in fatal beating of robbery victim Nation/World NewsFix $100,000 reward for suspect in fatal shooting of Orlando officer, police say Local NewsFix HPD: Man viciously stabs teen waiting in line at burger joint in Downtown NewsFix 8,000 march against Trump in Los Angeles NewsFix 2 juveniles arrested in shooting death of congressman’s grandson Local NewsFix Mother arrested in connection with 3-year-old son’s death Nation/World NewsFix Hardee’s assistant manager arrested in armed robbery at own restaurant Local NewsFix Deputies: Magnolia pastor told teen sex assault victim ‘God would kill her’ if she told Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse December Price Changes At Wal-Mart Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 04, 2017 9:56am   Comments Share: Related WMT Technical Alert: Wal-Mart Stores Lower Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade The Benefits of Boring: Investing in Parcel Delivery (GuruFocus) Following a monthly assessment of the pricing actions by U.S. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT), BMO Capital’s Wayne Hood noted that average price reduction in the broad grocery category remained flat in December as compared to November. Hood maintains an Underperform rating on the company, with a price target of $63. Price Moderation The analyst mentioned that the sequential price moderation was offset by more aggressive pricing in the household essentials, beauty and baby categories, while promotions increased year on year but were sequentially relatively flat. More specifically, average food price reduction improved in December to 17 percent, from 18 percent in November, while the household essentials, beauty and baby categories witnessed elevated sequential average price reductions, as Wal-Mart Stores attempted to take market share in these categories. “The improvement in average price reductions in Food leaves us believing traffic is in line with management expectations, leading to 4Q16 SSS growth of 1.0 percent to 1.5 percent,” Hood stated. Margins Food margins are expected to be in line with expectations, although margins in the household essentials, beauty and baby categories are likely to be under pressure due to more aggressive pricing throughout the quarter. “As expected, in Entertainment, we see a spike in average price reduction in Electronics, Video Games, and the Photo Center in December. Furthermore, the average price reduction in Toys spiked in November before tapering off at the end of December,” the analyst added. Wall-Mart Stores' electronics category is likely to generate better margins in Q4, given the average price reductions. In addition, there was meaningful improvements in price reduction in the apparel category, against the backdrop of lower price reductions in clothing. Image Credit: By MikeMozartJeepersMedia (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0], via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for WMT Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 PiperJaffray Initiates Coverage On Neutral Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Hold Sep 2016 Guggenheim Initiates Coverage on Buy View More Analyst Ratings for WMT View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: BMO Capital Markets Wayne HoodAnalyst Color Short Ideas Reiteration Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) Technical Alert: Wal-Mart Stores Lower Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade How Wal-Mart Contract Will Boost Workday Revenue Analysts Mixed On Impact Of Workday's Deal With Wal-Mart Fast-Food Workers Are Now In High Demand Workday Signs Big HR Deal With Wal-Mart View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 JPM, NFLX: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 JPM, GOOGL: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPY, SPX: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 DXCM, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucos... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bi... 6 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubb... 7 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Markets Start The Year In Rally Mode, With Fed Minutes And Auto Sales On Tap 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday
null
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next The shocking moment two hero cops dive for cover, open fire and kill gunman as they are wounded in terrifying ambush in Walmart  Officers Joshua Pueblo and Daniel Colwell were called to Chandler, Arizona Walmart  At 6.30am, they were expecting to be dealing with a straightforward trespasser Mitchell Oakley waited for them to get near him and shot them both point blank Officer Pueblo was struck in the face and Officer Colwell was struck twice in the body Officer Colwell managed to return fire on Oakley - who was shot dead trying to escape  Colwell credits his bullet-proof-vest for saving his life during the fire fight  Officer Joshua Pueblo remains on medical leave while recovering from gunshot wounds to the face and arm  By Gareth Davies For Mailonline Published: 05:20 EST, 4 January 2017 | Updated: 11:02 EST, 4 January 2017 e-mail 2.3k shares 678 View comments Shocking surveillance footage has revealed the moment a gunman opened fire on police officers after luring them to a Arizona Walmart for an ambush. Chandler cops Joshua Pueblo and Daniel Colwell strolled into the store in April to deal with what they thought would be a straightforward case of trespassing. But as they approached Mitchell Oakley in a McDonald's inside the supermarket, shoppers were sent sprawling as bullets were sprayed, hitting both cops.  Pueblo was shot in the face and his colleague Colwell was hit with two bullets from close range which knocked him to the ground. CCTV footage shows the moment Colwell reaches for his gun as he is sliding backwards on the floor and fires back at the convicted felon. As Oakley attempts his getaway, he drops his weapon outside the store.  He tries to go back for it, but is shot dead by the injured Colwell. The clip also captures Pueblo escaping the melee leaving behind a trail of blood after being shot in the face. Officer Joshua Pueblo remains on medical leave while recovering from gunshot wounds to the face and arm.  Mitchell Oakley, left in the red top, shoots officers Pueblo - who can be seen scrambling away from the scene having been hit in the face - and Colwell who is sliding backwards The officers stroll into the Walmart in Arizona expecting to deal with a routine call Diving for cover: Officer Colwell dramatically jumps out of the way as Oakley opens fire Instinctive: He barrel rolls mid-dive to ensure he is in a position to return fire during the April shooting despite having been shot twice by Oakley  Fatal mistake: Oakley attempts to flee with his gun in his right hand while Officer Colwell is seen on the left taking aim Final seconds: Oakley manages to make it outside into the forecourt of the Walmart store but is shot dead seconds later by Officer Colwell  Response: Officer Colwell fires the fatal shots that killed Mitchell Oakley just seconds after he opened fire from the McDoanld's restaurant inside  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Pictured: Five of the eight relatives shot-dead 'execution... Mom of five who disciplined one of her 'badly behaved' teens... Share this article Share Heroes: Officers Daniel Colwell (left) and Joshua Pueblo (right) responded to the shooting at Walmart in April Shooter: Mitchell Oakley was shot dead by cops at Walmart after he opened fire and injured two officers in April  Police were called around 6.30am regarding a trespasser at the store, said Chandler police spokesman Seth Tyler. The officers encountered the unidentified male suspect at the front of the store, just past the greeters' area. According to witnesses, the first officer entered the store and was fired upon immediately by the suspect, Tyler said. The second officer, who was in close proximity, was also shot but was able to return fire.   Chandler police spokesman Seth Tyler stands behind crime tape at the scene of a police-involved shooting at a Walmart store on Saturday 'I guess you can call it what you want. It sounds like an ambush to me,' Tyler said. Cynthia Ayala was on the other side of the store in a dressing room when she heard the gunfire but didn't at first realize what she heard. 'I thought it was like pallets falling. I never thought it would be gunshots,' Ayala said. She said the shots came one after another and then it became apparent they were bullets. 'I was just really scared as to where they would fall,' Ayala said. She came out of the dressing room when things calmed down. She said employees then escorted her and other shoppers to the store's garden center.  Read more: Surveillance video released in April shooting of two Chandler officers - ABC15 Arizona Share or comment on this article e-mail 2.3k shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (675) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga 'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Man, 28, is charged with following women around Walmart and squirting their backsides with syringes filled with his semen  Timothy D. Blake is charged with squirting at least 12 women with syringes filled with his semen He would allegedly masturbate in his company truck or in the Walmart bathroom in Marietta, Ohio He allegedly would fill a syringe with his semen and then spray it on unsuspecting women According to police, he said 'maybe it was his way of having sex with these women'  By Daily Mail Reporter Published: 00:36 EST, 4 January 2017 | Updated: 01:45 EST, 4 January 2017 e-mail 5.5k shares 11 View comments Timothy D. Blake has been arrested and charged with squirting women with his semen A man has been charged with serial semen syringe squirting. The man, Timothy D. Blake, 28, of Sams Creek Road, Mineral Wells, West Virginia, was charged with being the suspect who had terrorized and grossed out a series of women in Marietta, Ohio who said they'd had semen squirted at them. Blake allegedly admitted to 12 instances over two months of masturbating, then filling a syringe with his semen, and following women around a Walmart in Washington County and spraying their backsides with his bodily fluids, reports News and Sentinel. He was tracked down when a woman noticed a 'creepy man' lingering around her as she shopped in the makeup aisle and then felt something wet and squishy on her backside and went to the bathroom to clean it off, but it was sticky, according to the criminal complaint. She said when she came out, she found Blake staring at her. Blake would target women at the Marietta Walmart (above) and spray them with his semen, according to police  When he tried to leave, she followed him and saw the company truck he was driving, which had a distinctive bumblebee insignia for the oilfield company where he works. Using this description as well as that from other women and surveillance video, police were able to identify and locate Blake, said the outlet. He was arrested as he ate dinner at a restaurant with his wife.   'It's not something that we've encountered before and after we arrested Mr. Blake, we asked him about it, and he said it was something that he had discovered on the internet and decided to try it,' Sheriff Mincks of the Washington County Sheriff's Office told WTAP. According to the criminal complaint, Blake said the material used was egg yolks until an officer advised that they'd had the material tested, at which point he admitted to it being semen, but only some of the time.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Bikini-clad teen who was slammed to ground by former Texas... Father-of-four who died after plunging off a Swiss mountain... Share this article Share According to a court filing, Blake said he would masturbate in his truck or in the Walmart parking lot and then fill a syringe with his bodily fluid. When pressed as to what he thought he was doing, he replied 'maybe it was his way of having sex with these women and that was what he thought of when committing these acts.'  He also said he was molested as a child, and said his wife was completely unaware of his activities.   Blake allegedly drove three company trucks, all 2014 Fords, one black, one white and the third brown, during his alleged acts. According to the Smoking Gun, Blake was released on $11,000 bond on Tuesday but he is required to wear a GPS ankle monitor as part of his release conditions.   Read more: Mineral Wells man arrested for stalking Mineral Wells man arrested for sex crimes in Washington County | News, Sports, Jobs - News and Sentinel Walmart Squirter | The Smoking Gun Walmart Squirter | The Smoking Gun Female Shoppers Squirted With Bodily Fluid | The Smoking Gun Share or comment on this article e-mail 5.5k shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (11) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga 'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Sunday, Jan 15, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Nation Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Crews were assessing damage ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Jan. 3, 2017 | Updated 10:50 a. m. Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., Monday. ASSOCIATED PRESS People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday. ASSOCIATED PRESS Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday. ASSOCIATED PRESS Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday. ASSOCIATED PRESS Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of a roof Monday. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Crews were assessing damage today in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late this morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out today to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store today, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Related Items Robert Bentley , alabama , georgia , mississippi , arkansas , Dothan , louisiana , florida Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2016 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
null
GoSearch News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 40° 40° Low 37° High 45° Mon 42° 49° Tue 49° 62° Wed 51° 66° See complete forecast York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office searching for suspects in Walmart shooting Posted 10:38 pm, January 3, 2017, by Web Staff Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Photo Gallery View Gallery (5 images) Inline   WILLIAMSBURG, Va. – The York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office is looking for the public’s help in identifying suspects they believe were involved in a shooting that happened at Walmart on Thursday. Deputies say around 11:50 p.m. shots were fired at the Rochambeau Drive Walmart. After an investigation they found that two separate groups started arguing and at one point some shots were fired in the parking lot between the groups. Deputies said one vehicle description they have at this time is of a late model silver Chevy Impala. No one was injured as a result of the incident. Deputies ask that if you have any information that can help authorities to call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Filed in: News Topics: shots fired, Williamsburg Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Virginia man brings 300,000 pennies to DMV to ‘inconvenience’ the state Body found in Elizabeth River identified as missing Army veteran from Massachusetts Where’s Sasha? President Obama’s daughter absent at farewell speech Virginia Beach tattoo shop offering $13 flash tattoos on Friday the 13th Latest News Chesapeake house fire kills two dogs Tamir Rice shooting: Officers face administrative charges Man injured in Chesapeake shooting near Berkley Avenue Police investigating fatal shooting in Newport News News York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office seeks public help finding armed robbery suspects News Authorities looking for two men who stole 70″ TV from Williamsburg Walmart News Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 News Police investigate after man hurt in drive-by shooting in Hampton News Fallen officers: 51 shot dead in the line of duty in 2016 News Drug deal at York County Taco Bell ends in shooting News Update: Suspect in Yorktown security guard’s murder arrested News Man sought for breaking into Yorktown home, sexually assaulting sleeping woman News Orlando manhunt: Three arrested, tips pour in News Police looking for two suspects in connection with drive-by Hampton shooting News Watch: Funeral for fallen Orange County Sheriff’s deputy Norman Lewis News Man barricaded in York County home taken into custody, identified News Hampton Police looking for suspects after man in vehicle shot Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East Bay Times Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Richmond: Three suspected gang members charged… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Wrestler ‘Superfly’ Snuka dead MLK Day events Bay Area inauguration events Most-wanted arrest More rain next week Band’s free-speech fight News Crime & Courts Richmond: Three suspected gang members charged in Walmart shooting Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Nate Gartrell | ngartrell@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 3, 2017 at 6:41 pm | UPDATED: January 3, 2017 at 6:59 pm RICHMOND — Three suspected members of a street gang were charged with attempted murder last week in connection with a December shooting at a local Walmart, police said. Matthew Britt, 22, Michael Amos, 23, and Deontae Pride, 21, were charged with attempted murder, according to Contra Costa prosecutors. The charges carry enhancements for allegedly using a firearm and being members of a gang, which could add years to their sentences if they are convicted. Richmond police say the charges stem from a Dec. 26 shooting near Hilltop Mall. The incident began around 10:45 a.m., with an argument between the three defendants and a 21-year-old man that started inside a Walmart at the mall, police said. The 21-year-old man ran outside the store and into his car, but the defendants followed and shot at him, police said. Despite being struck by gunfire, the man was able to drive himself to a hospital and was treated for nonfatal wounds, police said. Three days later, Britt, Amos, and Pride were identified as suspects and arrested. Richmond police Lt. Felix Tan would not comment on the suspected motive, but said the shooting was “targeted.” “These subjects all knew each other,” Tan said. “This was not a random shooting.”   Tags:  shooting Nate Gartrell Nate Gartrell covers crime, politics, and corruption in Contra Costa County. He joined the Bay Area News Group in 2014. Outside of journalism, he doesn't do much. He aspires to visit all 30 Major League Baseball stadiums. Reach him at 925-779-7174. Follow Nate Gartrell @NateGartrell Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Rowdy teens at ‘The Bye, Bye Man’ prompt East Bay movie theater call to police Castro Valley woman, 19, escapes from creek after crash that killed friend Kawakami: Stephen Curry sees no reason to leave the Warriors this summer Oakley: Suspect detained in woman’s stabbing Heavy rains set Bay Area up for spectacular spring Bay Area Trump supporters head to inauguration to welcome president-elect California vs. Trump: What’s at stake for the Golden State? Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat More in Crime & Courts Contra Costa County deputy jailed, fired in reported shooting January 15, 2017, 6:11 pm In a statement Sunday afternoon, Contra Costa sheriff’s spokesman Jimmy Lee said the sheriff’s office was aware of the incident and took it seriously. Emeryville: Shooting near Bay Street Mall injures two January 15, 2017, 2:05 pm Two people were shot Saturday night near a popular mall in Emeryville. Kensington board moves to split police chief and general manager duties January 15, 2017, 7:10 am The move would allow the chief to concentrate on the district’s police officers and enable trustees to hire a general manager to focus on fiscal matters. Tri-Valley police logs: Assaults, grand thefts reported January 15, 2017, 6:00 am The following excerpts were taken from area police logs: DANVILLE Thursday, Jan. 5 Identity Thefts: 11:41 a.m., 300 block of Fontaine Court, 2:33 a.m., 3400 block of Camino Tassajara. Stolen Vehicle: 12:50 p.m., 100 block of Santa Clara Drive. Friday, Jan. 6 Identity Theft: 10:42 a.m., 800 block of Contada Circle. Vehicle Burglaries: 10:56 a.m., 700 block of Park Hill... Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2017 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Site Archive log in weather First phase of residential project at Plymouth's Cordage Park OK'd Tuesday Jan 3, 2017 at 8:56 PM Jan 4, 2017 at 7:13 AM Emily Clark eclark@wickedlocal.com @emilyOCM PLYMOUTH – The Seaport at Cordage residential project is ready to begin at the site of the old Walmart store at Cordage Park. Lou and Joe Janetty of Janco Development Inc., the company that owns Cordage Park and the Cordage Commerce Center, went before the planning board in late December to discuss the project. The plans call for 204 apartments on the 9-acre site – 51 of them designated as affordable. Lou Jannetty told the planning board that Janco Development had entered into a joint venture with Cathartes, a Boston-based real estate developer known for transforming old industrial buildings and warehouses into apartment and condominium complexes. Cathartes has developed Mezzo Design Lofts in Boston, condos in Jamaica Plain, and a Portsmouth, N.H., project that transformed an old, abandoned office building into hotels, office space and restaurants. Each of these developments is near public transportation. Cathartes project manager Rob Simmons told the planning board that the MBTA will increase commuter rail runs to Plymouth if the riders are there. There is a commuter rail station at the rear of the property. The 204 apartments will be in eight three-story buildings. The complex will also include a 37,000-square-foot club, a fenced outdoor swimming pool, pocket parks and plazas. The existing MBTA parking will remain where it is. The redesigned road to the development, to be called Loring Boulevard, will include sidewalks. In 2006, town meeting rezoned the site to allow projects under the state’s Chapter 40R zoning law, which encourages a mix of denser-than-usual residential development and commercial use near public transportation. The property required expensive infrastructure improvements, which delayed development. A $2 million MassWorks grant will help pay for construction of the boulevard from Court Street to the waterfront parcels and help cover the cost of utilities and pedestrian walkways. The first phase of the project also includes 23,000 square feet of mixed retail development along Court Street, plans for which have yet to be presented. Town Planner Robin Carver said that piece of the project will be presented at a later date. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Work for Us Contact Us Ads Submit Your News Subscribe E-Edition Coupons Advertise with us Community Info Wicked Local Fore River Bridge Wicked Local Quincy Enterprise Market Place Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Resources Facebook Twitter Pinterest © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Patriot Ledger, Quincy, MA ~ 400 Crown Colony Drive, P.O. Box 699159, Quincy, MA 02269 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Police Scanner Local Education Region Health News Massachusetts Elections Business Nation & World Shareable Election 2016 Sports High Schools Pros and College Sports Columnists N.E. Pro Sports Entertainment Calendar Arts Travel Books Movies Music TV Guide Lifestyle Food Boomers Faith Family Health Home & Garden Pets Opinion Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters Obituaries More Weather Ledger Links Contact Us Calendar Submit Your News Blogs Photos Videos Branded Content Readers Choice Contests Neighborhoods Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us WEATHER ALERT Winter Weather Advisory Full Story BUSINESS Walmart to shutter Chicago store in West Loop Email share share tweet email WLS Walmart store on Monroe in Chicago's West Loop neighborhood. WLS Tuesday, January 03, 2017 CHICAGO (WLS) -- Walmart will close its store in Chicago's West Loop neighborhood on Jan. 25. The Presidential Towers neighborhood market is located on West Monroe Street. Pharmacy customers can pick up prescriptions through Feb. 3. The retailer has not said what factors led to its decision to close the store. Walmart said it will work with employees to transfer them to other store locations. Related Topics: businesswalmartWest Loop Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. BUSINESS Volkswagen recalls 136,000 autos for antilock brake fix The Limited just shut all of its stores Major retailers see drop in sales, some stores to close Better Business Bureau reveals top scams of 2016 Sears sells Craftsman to Stanley Black and Decker More Business Top Stories Chicago police officer charged with sexual assault of minor Chicago Weather: Freezing rain could impact Monday morning commute Shooting suspect fatally shot by police in East Garfield Park Young mother dies 7 months after being shot Memorial Day weekend Woman, 11-year-old boy, injured in North Aurora drive-by shooting Trump Changes Plans on MLK Day Visit To African American History Museum Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Show More Illinois Senate vows swift action on ambitious budget plan Facebook to begin warning users of fake news before German election Bishop Eddie Long dies at age 63 John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Kamiyah Mobley, kidnapped as infant, meets biological parents More News Photos PHOTOS: Dog rescued from icy lake Steve Dolinsky's Chicago Pho Crawl: The Top 31 PHOTOS: Lake County gang crackdown nets dozens of arrests in 2016 Chicago woman hopes cutout will catch Obama's eye More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
Watch NFL Playoffs Live: Steelers vs. Chiefs Get Alerts Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Inauguration 2017 President Obama: The Legacy TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Pop Culture Music Celebrity TV Movies Viral Pop Culture Dec 30 2016, 9:00 am ET Run-DMC Sues Wal-Mart, Amazon for $50 Million Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement NEW YORK — Run-DMC filed a $50 million lawsuit in New York accusing Wal-Mart, Amazon, Jet and other retailers of selling products that traded on the rap group's name without permission. A founder of the group and owner of the Run-DMC brand, Darryl "DMC" McDaniels, was listed as the plaintiff in the lawsuit, which was filed Thursday in the Southern District of New York. Run DMC pose at the Grammy Awards in 1988. From left, Joseph Simmons, Darryl McDaniels, and the late Jason Mizell. MARK LENNIHAN / AP, file The complaint said the defendants are "advertising, selling, manufacturing, promoting and distributing multiple products" in the group's trademarked name. The products include glasses, hats, T-shirts, patches, wallets and other items. The lawsuit alleged that the retailers have improperly profited, diluted and harmed the Run-DMC brand, which it said has generated more than $100 million in revenue since its inception in the 1980s. It called the Run-DMC brand "extremely valuable," and said it is the subject of several licensing agreements, including to endorse Adidas sneakers from Adidas The lawsuit alleges defendants are confusing consumers into believing that Run-DMC endorsed their products and are trading on the goodwill associated with the name, in violation of federal trademark and New York unfair competition laws. Run-DMC was founded in New York in 1981 by McDaniels, Joseph "Run" Simmons, Darryl "DMC" and Jason "Jam Master Jay" Mizell, who was fatally shot in his Queens recording studio in 2002. McDaniels and Simmons later announced that the group had officially disbanded. The group's hits include "King of Rock, "It's Tricky," and "Can You Rock It Like This." In 2009, Run-DMC was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, becoming only the second rap act to be awarded that honor. Amazon and Wal-Mart, which also owns Jet, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Contributor The Associated Press and Reuters Topics Music, Business News, U.S. news First Published Dec 30 2016, 7:19 am ET Next Story Jennifer Holliday Backs Out of Trump Inauguration Performance advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Home Weather 69° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Tomball PD: Suspect charged with murder after Walmart attack in custody The Tomball Police Department is looking for a man charged with murder after a physical altercation with an "acquaintance" early Monday morning in Walmart. The victim later died from his injuries. KHOU.com , KHOU 10:28 PM. CST January 04, 2017 Photo of Michael Brandon Jemison. (Photo: Tomball Police Department) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST TOMBALL, Texas- The Tomball Police Department has 29-year-old Michael Brandon Jemison in police custody. The suspect was charged with murder for hitting and killing  an "acquaintance" early Monday morning in Walmart.  According to police, the incident happened around 1 a.m. at the Walmart located on 27650 SH 249 in Tomball. The victim, Justin Jones, was inside the store with the suspect when an altercation broke out.  The suspect, identified as 29-year-old Michael Brandon Jemison, struck Jones with his motorcyle helmet and knocked him unconscious. Jemison immediately left the store.   The victim was taken to the hospital and died later that afternoon.  Investigators said that Jemison and Jones knew each other, and they'd been having a dispute for a long time. A mugshot of Michael Brandon Jemison.      (© 2017 KHOU) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Woman killed in car crash, 6 injured Fatal accident shuts down Southwest Fwy at Westpark Teacher gets 10 years for sleeping with student Texans' season ends with loss to Patriots 34-16 Houston forecast for Sunday Truck catches fire at gas pump in Fort Bend Co. RodeoHouston announces 2017 concert lineup Deputies shoot at driver who wouldn't stop Improvements at NRG Stadium ahead of big game Bus driver saves kids from burning bus More Stories Packers topple Cowboys to advance to NFC Championship Game Jan 15, 2017, 7:33 p.m. 27k runners compete in Chevron Houston marathon Jan 15, 2017, 7:46 p.m. HPD: 19-year-old killed in shooting outside event hall Jan 15, 2017, 7:45 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Two Cents | Consumer News Winn-Dixie: Low-price strategy succeeding, CEO says A Winn-Dixie store in Apopka Ricardo Ramirez Buxeda/Orlando Sentinel Ricardo Ramirez Buxeda/Orlando Sentinel Kyle ArnoldContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Will a low-price plan win for Winn-Dixie: Struggling supermarket still trying to reinvent itself Winn-Dixie supermarkets won't give up on its 16-month-old low-price strategy, even with heat from cost-cutting competitors. The Jacksonville-based grocery chain is trying to reinvent itself since hiring CEO Ian McLeod in 2015, positioning itself as the low-priced supermarket to compete against market leader Publix. Winn-Dixie is still the third largest grocer in the market, but its share has been falling in recent years, according to supermarket tracker The Shelby Report. Publix is the biggest grocer in the market and Wal-Mart is second. "Ultimately the customers have a choice of where to shop," McLeod said. "We wanted to make sure we offered the most competitive prices, the products customers were buying on a regular basis." Caption Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months The company said it has expanded its U.S. workforce by more than 150,000 people in the last five years. The company said it has expanded its U.S. workforce by more than 150,000 people in the last five years. Caption Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months The company said it has expanded its U.S. workforce by more than 150,000 people in the last five years. The company said it has expanded its U.S. workforce by more than 150,000 people in the last five years. Caption Bar, restaurant owners turn to crowdfunding to save businesses - Orlando News Now Crowdfunding website Gofundme has been used to raise more than $7 million for Pulse victims, pay for hospital bills and fund Eagle Scout projects. Crowdfunding website Gofundme has been used to raise more than $7 million for Pulse victims, pay for hospital bills and fund Eagle Scout projects. Caption Honest Co. recalls organic baby powder over infection concerns Consumer products maker Honest Co. is recalling organic baby powder sold in the U.S. because it may cause skin or eye infections. (Jan. 12, 2017) Consumer products maker Honest Co. is recalling organic baby powder sold in the U.S. because it may cause skin or eye infections. (Jan. 12, 2017) Caption Artegon Marketplace will close in two weeks Artegon Marketplace will close in two weeks, closing all the retailers inside, including the small shops and anchor retailers such as the Gods & Monsters comic book shop. Artegon Marketplace will close in two weeks, closing all the retailers inside, including the small shops and anchor retailers such as the Gods & Monsters comic book shop. Caption Artegon Marketplace will close in two weeks - Orlando News Now Artegon Marketplace owner Lightstone Group put the mall on the market in August, as interest in the North International Drive area grows with a new Interstate 4 overpass in the works. Lightstone Group has not confirmed the closure yet. Artegon Marketplace owner Lightstone Group put the mall on the market in August, as interest in the North International Drive area grows with a new Interstate 4 overpass in the works. Lightstone Group has not confirmed the closure yet. In late 2015, the retailer dropped prices on 400 common items such as bread, chicken breast and sugar. Then it cut prices on more items a few months later. McLeod also said the company wouldn't be cutting its regular weekly circular sales either. Instead, the company is trying to win back customers and relying on more sales to make up the difference in lower prices. So far that strategy is succeeding, McLeod said. The Central Florida grocery market has grown increasingly crowded in the last year from growth by discount brand Aldi and niche stores such as Lucky's Market. Lucky's focuses on low-priced organic and fresh produce, meats and bulk foods. Other competitors are adding convenience, such as drive-through pickup lanes at some Wal-Mart and doorstep delivery from Amazon Prime Now. Winn-Dixie's is in a tough position trying to offer a full grocery selection at discount prices, said Steve Kirn, a lecturer at the University of Florida who studies retail. "The middle is always the hard place to be because there are fewer people in the middle," Kirn said. "And people are also shopping the discount stores and then going to the high-end stores for certain products." Winn-Dixie's parent company, Southeastern Grocers, has been trimming its footprint in some markets and services, such as closing several drug stores in Central Florida and even shuttering a store in September on University Boulevard and Goldenrod Road. "There have been a limited number of stores that closed, but we've remodeled more stores than have actually closed," McLeod said. McLeod said the company is focused on growing in high-income areas such as Heathrow and areas with high Hispanic or African-American populations. Winn-Dixie flipped a few stores last year in South Florida into a new concept called Fresco y Mas, rebranding itself as a Hispanic market. In December it finished a remodel of a store in Tampa it hopes to use as the blueprint for other stores, with bright clean features and modern decor. Those "flagship" remodels, he said, also have a broader assortment of goods to cater to high-income markets. "We have the benefit of operating stores across income spectrums," he said. "So we can look at each store to make sure we offer items that people want in those areas." karnold@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5664; Twitter, @kylelarnold Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Central Florida restaurants that have failed health inspections Pictures: Made or invented in Florida Open for business: Orlando-area retail and restaurant openings All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 65°
null
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Community Local Hot Spots Problem Solvers Contests Traffic Sports This Morning Weather 34° 34° Low 26° High 38° Mon 31° 49° Tue 47° 55° Wed 35° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Indianapolis Walmart employee charged with battery after allegedly attacking customer Posted 5:05 pm, January 3, 2017, by CBS4 Web Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – A Walmart employee in Indianapolis has been charged with battery after police say she attacked a customer on New Year’s Eve. Officers were called to the disturbance at the store in the 5800 block of W 10th Street around 5:26 p.m. When they arrived, they spoke with the victim, who said 23-year-old Michael-Candice Ingram grabbed her by her hair and punched her in the back of her head with her fist. The victim says the confrontation started when she asked Ingram to put a “money gram” in her last name instead of a reference number. When Ingram couldn’t do that, the victim says she became upset and called Ingram a profanity and attempted to walk away. That’s when the alleged battery began. Ingram’s manager broke up the altercation and brought her to a back room. Ingram was later placed under arrest and transported to the APC, where she was charged with 1 count of battery resulting in bodily injury, a class A misdemeanor. Filed in: Crime, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Man brings 300,000 pennies to Virginia DMV to ‘inconvenience’ the state Impatient driver gets dose of instant karma in road rage video Police: Woman tried to smuggle pills into jail by wrapping them in condoms, concealing them in privates Johnson County teen charged with drug dealing after accidentally texting police officer Latest News Hoosiers protest repeal of Affordable Care Act while Vice President-elect promises swift replacement Showers Sunday evening; Fog develops Monday with warmer temperatures Murder victims to be honored with free lunch on MLK Day Struggling from distance, Hoosiers turn to defense in win Crime News Workers at Indianapolis day care charged with neglect after 1-year-old injured Crime National & World News Woman held in room, beaten for hours saved after nurse visits home News Greenwood woman escapes attacker by biting his scrotum, police say News Victim of brutal attack says ex-boyfriend tried to rip her tongue out Crime News 15-year-old charged in Mitchell double shooting Crime News Court docs: No sign of physical struggle before woman fatally shot ex-husband News Ohio man arrested after allegedly molesting Shelbyville teen in hotel room Crime News Former Zionsville gymnastics coach charged with child molesting, battery News Woman dies after being struck while crossing street with husband on north side Crime News Man faces sexual battery charge after party at Ball State fraternity house News Mother gives birth in Walmart checkout line – after paying for merchandise National & World News Woman in disbelief after receiving ‘F*** you’ message from Expedia News Two men arrested in Westfield homicide case Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Smartphones Review Acer Liquid Jade Primo: A Windows Phone for .... Who Exactly? by Mike Prospero Jan 3, 2017, 12:06 PM Acer Liquid Jade Primo The good Good Interface Bright display Includes dock, keyboard and mouse The bad Limited app selection Laggy graphics Doesn't come with USB charging cable, charger No support for quick charging Verdict A bright display and Windows Continuum support make the Liquid Jade Primo an affordable option for Windows phone fans, but there's not enough here to attract Android or iOS switchers. 6/10 Worth considering $299.99 Microsoft The Windows smartphone platform continues to limp along, popping its head up every few months with a new model. A recent addition to that mix is the Acer Liquid Jade Primo, a thoroughly midrange device that, via Continuum, promises you PC-like productivity. Available exclusively at Walmart and Microsoft stores, the unlocked smartphone comes with a dock, keyboard and mouse — all for $499. It's a decent enough phone if you want more Windows in your mobile life, but there's not enough to the Jade Primo to convince Android or iOS users to switch platforms. Design: Pretty Good for a Midrange Model While not as premium as the latest and greatest from Apple and Samsung, the Jade Primo is an attractive smartphone. I liked the chrome trim around the front of the device, and the fake metallic brush strokes on its curved back helped me forget that Acer's phone is made of plastic. Credit: Samuel Rutherford / Tom's GuideAt 5.3 ounces, the Jade Primo is lighter than the 6.84-ounce HP Elite x3, another Windows phone that targets users who are looking for a phone-sized PC replacement. The 6.2 x 3.0 x 0.33-inch Jade Primo is also more compact than HP's phone. On the back of the Jade Primo, there's a large camera up top, while the bottom features a circular, chrome-trimmed speaker grille that made the Jade Primo look like it had a belly button. The speaker on the front of the phone — a smaller, circular grille — also detracted from the look of the Primo's face. MORE: Best Smartphones on the Market Now Strangely, the Primo's power button is located below the volume rocker; I kept turning off the screen by accident when I meant to lower the volume. There's a reason for this odd placement: There are two slots above the volume buttons that hold a SIM card and a microSD card. The Primo is only compatible with GSM carriers. Continuum: The Jade Primo's Prime Feature The primary reason you'd want to get the Primo is for its support for Continuum, Microsoft's attempt to deliver a desktop-like experience when you’re using your phone. And, while a smartphone like the Primo will be fine in a pinch and cheaper than the HP Elite x3 (which now costs $700), this device is not going to replace a real PC. Credit: Samuel Rutherford / Tom's GuideFor starters, there's no way for you to have multiple windows open side by side. Every app you open takes up the full display, and there's no way to shrink the app, except to minimize it completely. What's more, standard desktop apps won't necessarily work in the Continuum mode — they'll need to be built in the Universal Windows Platform, which is Microsoft's application development architecture. The platform is designed to guarantee feature parity and continuity of user experience across any device that runs Windows 10. As I used Continuum on the Jade Primo, I did like the Notifications tab on the bottom right. Press this tab, and you can see (and respond to) messages from installed apps, and you can also adjust settings here. Not surprisingly, Microsoft Office apps felt the most complete, even if they were stripped-down versions of the bona fide desktop apps. When I played Asphalt Xtreme, the Jade Primo froze for a split second a few times during each race, as the processor tried to catch up. As noted above, not every app you install on the Primo will work in Continuum. For example, both Flipboard and Netflix would not work in this mode (incompatible apps are grayed out in the app menu). Facebook's apps (Facebook and Facebook Messenger) are both in beta, and have a lot of wasted space. The Primo comes with a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse — Acer is thoughtful enough to include batteries for both — as well as a dock, which has three USB ports (one is USB 2.0) and an HDMI port. The Primo slides into the dock and connects via a USB Type-C port that's nestled inside. MORE: Best Cheap Unlocked Smartphones Both the keyboard and mouse were comfortable enough, but since the mouse is designed for both right- and left-handed users, I (being right-handed) thought that the divot on the right side of the mouse was too deep. The keyboard's keys were a bit mushy, but they have good travel, and I was able to average about 51 words per minute on a typing test. That's about 10 or so wpm slower than my average. Software: A Good Use of Windows 10 I've always liked the look of Windows 10 on smartphones; its live-tile interface is a refreshing change from the icon-centric Android and iOS operating systems, and I appreciated that the updates from various apps appeared right on the home screen. Also nice is a drop-down settings menu that's customizable; iOS' Control Center doesn't have any flexibility. The Search button in the bottom bar that lets you quickly look up things not just on the web, but also on the phone itself, is another winning touch. Central to Windows 10, both on PCs and phones, is Cortana, Microsoft's voice assistant. It's fairly robust, and it lets you do everything from looking up sports scores and weather to sending texts, emails and Facebook updates. As has always been the case, however, Windows is still playing catch-up when it comes to apps. There are no native Google apps (YouTube, Gmail, etc.), Snapchat and Bitmoji are missing, and I found only a couple Star Wars games. However, I did find Uber, Netflix, Hulu Plus, Instagram, Pandora, WhatsApp and Facebook. Display and Performance: Good Enough The Primo's 1080p, 5.5-inch AMOLED display is pleasingly bright and colorful. National Geographic photos popped, as did the Rogue One: A Star Wars Story trailer — I especially liked that the vastness of space was pitch-black on the Primo's screen, as it should be. However, the Lumia 950, which has a smaller 5.2-inch screen, has a much higher resolution of 2560 x 1440. That's the same resolution that the 5.96-inch HP Elite x3 offers. At 347 nits, the Primo's screen is on a par with the LG G5 and last year's Nexus 6P, though it's far below such standouts as the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (530). The Lumia 950, another Windows phone, was also brighter, at 360 nits. Credit: Samuel Rutherford / Tom's GuideWe couldn't run any of our standard benchmark tests on the Primo — there's no Windows versions — but the Primo's hexa-core Snapdragon 808 CPU and 3GB of RAM moved through menus speedily enough for most tasks. The Lumia 950, which came out a year ago, has the exact same specs. In contrast, the HP Elite x3 boasts a superior Snapdragon 820 CPU and 4GB of RAM. When I played Asphalt Xtreme on the Primo, the phone froze for a split second a few times during each race, as the processor tried to catch up. Battery Life: Just About Average On our official battery test (web surfing via LTE with the screen at 150 nits), the Primo lasted 8 hours and 46 minutes, which is about 15 minutes shy of the smartphone average. Even though it comes with a dock, keyboard and mouse, the Primo doesn't come with a separate USB charger or cable, so if you're traveling, you'll need to bring the large-ish dock and power plug with you, or purchase a smaller charger and USB Type-C cable separately. Regardless of what I used, though, the Primo was slow to charge: It took an hour to go from 47 percent to 85 percent. Acer says the phone does not support quick charging. MORE: Smartphones with the Longest Battery Life Camera: Mixed Results The Primo features a 21-megapixel back camera that took better-than-average photos. Outdoors, the Primo's camera ably captured the rainbow of colors from a stall of Moroccan-style lamps, as well as a wall full of candy in a store. Credit: Mike Prospero / Tom's GuideThe camera was finicky when it tried to focus on a small object in the foreground, though. For example, this cow ornament was fuzzy, even though I tried to sharpen the focus by tapping on it on the phone's display. Other photos, with subjects that were all at the same distance, also came out blurry. Credit: Mike Prospero / Tom's GuideThe 8-MP front camera performed well for selfies, but it had trouble adjusting for lighting. In a series of photos that I shot, the Primo's front camera blew out the background, turning the blue sky white and making the Empire State Building disappear. When it did get the background right, the foreground was way too dark. With both cameras, HDR mode helped marginally in a high-contrast situation, but following each shot, the camera took an exceptionally long 3 seconds to process each photo. MORE: These Smartphones Can Replace a Compact Camera Bottom Line If you're looking for a midrange smartphone and happen to like the Windows 10 Mobile platform, then the Acer Liquid Jade Primo could be for you. It's not such a bad little phone, and though its specs are modest, the performance for its price is reasonable. However, the Lumia 950 and 950XL (both $299) have the same processor and higher-resolution displays; and while they don't come with a dock, keyboard or mouse, you can pick up those accessories and still pay around the same price as the Primo. If you're willing to spend more, the $700 HP Elite x3 delivers the same Continuum experience with better performance and battery life. The main reason to pick up the Primo — or any Windows phone, for that matter — is its Continuum feature. It's pretty impressive that you can use this phone as a quasi PC, but Microsoft's platform still needs some refinement — and more apps — before it becomes a viable Android or iPhone alternative. 6/10 Quick Take The Liquid Jade Primo offers a good Windows 10 Mobile experience for less than the HP Elite x3, but that phone offers better performance and longer battery life. $299.99 Microsoft About the author Mike Prospero @mikeprospero Michael A. Prospero is the reviews editor at Laptop Mag and Tom’s Guide. When he’s not testing out the latest running watch, skiing or training for a marathon, he’s probably using the latest kitchen gadget. Read more Smartphones Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Android Smartphones forum about this subject Title Subject Title Publish 1 comment Your comment David_569 Jan 11, 2017, 7:06 AM I always think it's quite funny, and odd, that adults would worry about the "app selection" given that the "app" world is basically overrun by junk and completely terrible apps in both platforms that tout that they have so many apps. Basic, critical apps that enable the usage of the phone as a tool are all that is necessary and I've had no trouble finding those on my Windows 10 Mobile phone for the last 2 years I've had it running on my Lumia 1020. The argument is incredibly juvenile and borders on ridiculous at this point. 0 Comment Firstname Submit Also for acer Acer Aspire E5-575G-55KK Kaby Lake Notebook - Acer KA240H 24-inch 1080p Display The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 1 day This $100 Gadget Can Break Into Your Office Hands-On 1 day My Favorite Switch Game Is a Very Weird Brawler News 1 day Worried About Cyberwar? Worry About Squirrels Instead News 1 day How to Make Your Own Two-Factor Authentication Key Hands-On 2 days Nintendo Switch Is a Blast to Play, But It Needs More G... Round-Up 2 days Best Budgeting and Personal Finance Apps Round-Up 2 days Top 5 Startups to Watch in 2017 Best Picks 2 days Best & Worst Online Fax Services 2017 Best Picks 2 days Best 3D Printers 2017 Deals 2 days Best Tech Deals of 2017 Round-Up 2 days Best iOS Games 2017 Review 2 days Ultimaker 3 3D Printer Review: High-Quality Prints, for... Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Ballston Spa man charged with promoting sexual performance by a Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash For Capital Region residents, looming ACA action stokes fear Cuomo: 2020 rumors are ‘flattering, even if not true’ News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Rally decries ACA repeal Russia mocks outgoing Obama Crowds brave cold and rain for MLK march Military's shift from oil may face challenge Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Patriots have plenty to clean up on offense Ex-pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Suns surprise Spurs in Mexico City Lewis stars for Pats Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Bring resumes out to the fair Takata takes guilty plea, will pay $1B Number Of The Day GOP leaders vague on replacement bill Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Arts briefs 2 members of R&B band Tower of Power hit by train, injured People in the news: Three charged in Paris heist Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays High & Low Sipping: Wine pick of the week Today's Birthdays Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Dance Museum to host fundraiser for Leukemia & Lymphoma Ballston Spa man charged with promoting sexual performance by a The Message of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Continues NYC: 17 Ways to Celebrate the 2017 Lunar New Year TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Siena basketball focused on Fairfield guards Some Capital Region municipal websites still fail to post Capital Region Trump backers bound for D.C. inaugural Churchill: Got soy or almond milk? This column is for you Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Historic in Saratoga Springs Duo to share unusual story of Albany building's move Jennifer Lopez's Hidden Hills home for sale High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Birthday freebies: 80-plus things you can get for free on your Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/Cashier-friend-charged-in-counterfeit-case-10832961.php Cashier, friend charged in counterfeit case By Emily Masters Published 4:35 pm, Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Chantell B. Avery, 25, of Schenectady is charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. (Albany police) Chantell B. Avery, 25, of Schenectady is charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. (Albany police) Image 2 of 2 Walmart cashier Antonia P. Price, 26, of Albany is charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. (Albany police) Walmart cashier Antonia P. Price, 26, of Albany is charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. (Albany police) Cashier, friend charged in counterfeit case 1 / 2 Back to Gallery ALBANY — A Walmart cashier was arrested Thursday after knowingly accepting $4,900 in counterfeit money from friends posing as customers, city police said. Cashier Antonia P. Price, 26, of Albany accepted 73 counterfeit bills as deposits for Money Gram transactions, city police said. Price "deposited $4,900 of counterfeit money into the Walmart cash register with the intent to steal the same amount by returning it to the codefendants with real U.S. currency," her arrest report states. City police said the counterfeit money was split into 37 $100 bills, 16 $50 bills and 20 $20 bills. Officers arrested Price and her friend, Avery B. Chantell, 25, of Schenectady, Thursday afternoon after responding to he 141 Washington Ave. Ext. store, Officer Steve Smith said. Chantell allegedly deposited $2,400 of counterfeit bills at Price's cashier's station in exchange for a Money Gram worth the same amount, her arrest report states. Price also allegedly accepted $2,500 counterfeit money on an earlier occasion, Smith said. Price and Chantell are both charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Men's Executive Pants for $16 + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 30 min ago SHOP NOW Mongoose Men's 29" Hex Fitness Bike for $89 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 11 hr ago SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Shoe Care Kit for $5 + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 32 sec ago SHOP NOW Etcbuys Unisex Multi-Purpose Winter Mask for $7 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago News Videos Most Popular 1 Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash 2 Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal Albany crash 3 Fired doctor says St. Peter's sabotaged her practice to steal... 4 Firefighters snuff Route 9 blaze 5 SEEN: Wine & Dine for the Arts Grand Gala Reception 6 Rotterdam man faces multiple drug charges 7 Toll Gate in Slingerlands closed as owner recovers from major... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News, Weather and Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Hometown Business Connections Advertiser Services NEWS All Points Bulletin Coal Industry News Get the WVVA News App Political News: Federal, state, and local coverage Lifestyle TODAY WEATHER Snow Patrol WVVA Weather - Interactive Radar Precision Doppler Weather Blogs WVVA weather - Skycam Network Get the Precision Weather App SPORTS AP College Basketball AP College Football NASCAR NFL on NBC VIDEO SLIDESHOWS THINGS TO DO Medical Minute Pet Lost & Found Smile! It's Your Birthday WHAT'S ON Watch NBC The Two Virginias' CW MeTV Two Virginias' Dub Request Form Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More >> The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More >> Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >> In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? WVVA 3052 Big Laurel Hwy, Bluefield, WV 24701 Switchboard: 800-227-9882 News tips: news@wvva.com or 304-327-7071 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WVVA. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Don't Miss Fatal Crash Friday Morning Near Roadside Park Bears Drop Non-SCA Game to Forsyth; Play Monday in B&G Walker Acquitted of Murder; Charges Against White Dropped Winter Has Arrived Douglas County Shows Improvements in Auditor Galloway’s Latest Review Douglas County Herald Shop Featured Story Area News Douglas County City of Ava City Council General Interest Crime Events Farm & Garden Health Local Residents Local Students Political Reunions The Snoop Looking Backward Letter To The Editor What About This? School News Sports Sports Schedules Local Students Obituaries Legals Correspondents Contact Us Rack Locations Home / Letter To The Editor / Letter to the Editor 12.22.2016 Letter to the Editor 12.22.2016 Posted by: News Server in Letter To The Editor January 3, 2017 0 4 Views Dear Editor: I work as a cashier at Walmart in Ava. Last Thursday (Dec. 13) shortly after arriving at work, I heard some beautiful voices singing a Christmas carol. It was NOT the store radio. It was the Mansfield High School Chorus. For more than half an hour the group stood at the front of the store and customers and workers were given a real treat by having the privilege of listening to the group sing several true traditional Christmas carols. On behalf of all of us who were lucky enough to be in the store that morning to receive this gift I want you to know how much you gave the true spirit of Christmas and gave us all a wonderful way to start our day. Thank you very much to the director and all the students who participated. Merry Christmas to all of you. Jan Sparnicht Ava 2017-01-03 News Server tweet Previous: MDC Sets Upcoming Deer And Turkey Hunting Dates Next: Letter to the Editor 12.23.2016 About News Server Related Articles Letter to the Editor 12.23.2016 January 3, 2017 Letter to the Editor – Black Friday November 23, 2016 Letter to the Editor – Politics October 18, 2016 General Interest Tuesday Bunco Meets January 13, 2017 Fatal Crash Friday Morning Near Roadside Park January 6, 2017 Bethany Baptist Church January 5, 2017 College-Bound AHS Senior January 3, 2017 FSA Recognizes Longtime Members for Years of Service January 3, 2017 MDC Sets Upcoming Deer And Turkey Hunting Dates January 3, 2017 Patrol Col. J. Bret Johnson Announces His Retirement January 3, 2017 Koala Bear Daycare January 3, 2017 Environmentalists Ignore The Truth About Fracking January 3, 2017 Walker Acquitted of Murder; Charges Against White Dropped January 3, 2017 Wright County Children’s Home Holds Annual Donor Appreciation Luncheon January 3, 2017 Local Hunters Feed Their Neighbors In Need January 3, 2017 Skyline Tables Purchase of New School Buses December 30, 2016 What About This…? 12.22.2016 December 27, 2016 Winter Has Arrived December 23, 2016 Douglas and Ozark Counties Retired School Personnel December 8, 2016 Douglas County Shows Improvements in Auditor Galloway’s Latest Review December 2, 2016 NORAD Is Ready to Track Santa’s Flight December 2, 2016 City Will Pick Up Leaves Beginning Monday, Dec. 5 November 23, 2016 Skyline R-2 Board Receives Audit Report; Sees Bids on Buses November 23, 2016 This Saturday Shop Small and Help the Local Economy November 23, 2016 Notes From Hunter Creek 11.24.2016 November 23, 2016 Ava City Council Meeting For November 22 2016 November 23, 2016 Categories Categories Select Category City of Ava    City Council Classified Ads Crime Douglas County Events Farm & Garden Featured Story General Interest Health Legals Letter To The Editor Local Residents Local Students Looking Backward Missouri State News Obituaries Political Reflections Reunions School News    School Menus    Sports    Sports Schedules The Snoop What About This? _Correspondents    Accord Ministry    Almartha    Arno    Ava Assembly of God    Ava General Baptist    Ava Saddle Club    Ava Senior Center    Ava Seventh Day Adventist    Basher News    Bethany Baptist    Black Jack Community Church    Black Oak Church    Bradleyville News    Breedon Church    Caney Church News    Champion    Church of the Living God    County Line    Dogwood – The Higher Calling    Dogwood Ramblings    Eastern Gate & Around the Mountain    Faith Rock Church    Foil    Fourth Sunday Singing    Friendship News    Gentry    Gentryville    Gentryville Church    Gentryville Church of God    Girdner Church    Goodhope News    Happy Home Church    Heart of the Ozarks Healthcare Center    Highlonesome    Holy Ghost Tabernacle Hill    Kiwanis    Little Creek    Mt. Olive Church    Mt. Tabor    Mt. Zion News    Murray Church    New Hope Freewill Baptist    Norwood Gleanings    Oak Grove Church    Olga    One Accord Ministries    Quad Cities    Rainbow Ridge    Random Ritings    Red Bank News    Red Bud News    Rock Chapel    Rome    Sandy Church News    Smallett News    St. Francis Church    Starworkers    Sweden Church    T.O.P.S.    Tecumseh    Thornfield Southern Baptist Church    Wasola Find us on Facebook News in Pictures Political Blunt Selects Painting for Inaugural Luncheon January 3, 2017 U.S. Rep. Jason Smith Receives ‘Friend of Farm Bureau’ Award January 3, 2017 Congressman Jason Smith’s Capitol Report January 3, 2017 House Speaker Richardson Selects Chairs For New House Appropriations Subcommittee January 3, 2017 Absentee Ballots May Be Voted Now For November Election October 6, 2016 Events Calendar of Events January 13, 2017 Calendar of Events January 5, 2017 FSA Recognizes Longtime Members for Years of Service January 3, 2017 U.S. Rep. Jason Smith Receives ‘Friend of Farm Bureau’ Award January 3, 2017 Calendar of Events December 30, 2016 Legals Red Bud Village legal January 5, 2017 White River Electric legal December 22, 2016 Goldie Miller legal December 22, 2016 Deatherage legal December 22, 2016 University of Missouri Extension legal December 8, 2016 © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved. | Douglas County Herald
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Grand National pigeon show comes to Clark County Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance The Seahawks were a talented, yet flawed team that simply couldn't overcome a season-long pattern of inconsistency and some key… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., on Monday. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) By JEFF AMY, Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 9:08 AM A   A Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Sunday, January 15, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 33°F Cloudy with Mist and Fog Sunday, January 15, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Cleanup begins after severe storms kill 5 in South share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Nation / World U.S. agrees to pay $2 billion to Marines affected by toxic water The latest: Trump and Obama staffers meeting U.S. official: Trump adviser in frequent contact with Russia envoy Spacewalking astronauts upgrade lab's power grid × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Nation/World Cleanup begins after severe storms kill 5 in South Tue, 01/03/2017 - 10:18am | The Associated Press Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Sections (2):News, Nation/World Topics (2):Courts, Police, Fire, Environment More Nation / World U.S. agrees to pay $2 billion to Marines affected by toxic water The latest: Trump and Obama staffers meeting U.S. official: Trump adviser in frequent contact with Russia envoy Spacewalking astronauts upgrade lab's power grid More Nation / World U.S. agrees to pay $2 billion to Marines affected by toxic water The latest: Trump and Obama staffers meeting U.S. official: Trump adviser in frequent contact with Russia envoy Spacewalking astronauts upgrade lab's power grid Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Area history, Jan. 15, 2017 Building permits, Jan. 15, 2017 Business listings, Jan. 15, 2017 State tourney leaves little room to spare at 2 local alleys Wired In: Ran Chao This day in history, Jan. 15, 2017 Champaign man arrested over 2 break-ins Street closures listing Takata to plead guilty, pay $1 billion in fines over faulty air bags UI chancellor looking to hire a chief of staff More Local News Most Viewed News Poor judgment in use of pictures UPDATE: Police say man was driving wrong way on I-74 in fatal New Year's crash Long search ends in key murder suspect's arrest (w/video) Gang rap videos' use in murder trial uncertain In 2014 murder's wake: 24 incidents, 9 deaths in C-U Most Commented News UPDATE: Flag-burner 'incredibly disheartened' UPDATE: Police say man was driving wrong way on I-74 in fatal New Year's crash How'd Obama do? At barbershop, they'll let you know Urbana METCAD funding resolution taken to vote Davis throws Twitter curveball Trending Now UPDATE: Woman thrown from Jeep in morning accident From the archives: Valentine's Day ice storm 1990 Carle misses Medicare mark for 3rd year in a row In 2014 murder's wake: 24 incidents, 9 deaths in C-U Two Urbana girls' players deemed ineligible UI football commit Mondesir got his first choice Williams back with Illini Today's Special: Biggby Coffee plans spring start for third local shop Urbana desegregation pioneers to receive accolades today STM boys' hoops surprises host SJ-O UPDATE: Flag-burner 'incredibly disheartened' Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Las Vegas Sun January 15, 2017 Currently: 56° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Basketball Newsletter signup 0 Comments Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV / AP People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. By Jeff Amy, Associated Press Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017 | 8:38 a.m. Deep South Severe Weather Launch slideshow » Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend Recipe: Ricotta grilled cheese with tomato soup Former addict finds freedom and strength in ultrarunning Metro Police officer dragged by vehicle during stop Officials have duty to Nevadans to make background checks work Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Gordon Ramsay: A few fast hours in the L.V. life of the famed chef Dining: Sage satisfies winter cravings Keith Sweat: Set for intimate residency Featured Galleries Otakon Vegas 2017 Punisher Skateboards Contest California, Nevada Storm Aftermath More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 15 Sun 16 Mon 17 Tue 18 Wed 19 Thu PMA Networking Cocktail Brunch Pampas Churrascaria Brazillian Grille | 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. Disney on Ice presents Worlds of Enchantment The Thomas & Mack Center DJ Franzen Drai's All events on Sunday » Monday Night Pigskin Parties South Point Showroom Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas All events on Monday » A Room of One's Own Left of Center Art Gallery | noon to 3 p.m. Vegas Women Connect Chow | 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Motown the Musical Smith Center for the Performing Arts All events on Tuesday » Alzheimer’s: Every Minute Counts Screening Optum, 2716 N. Tenaya Way, Las Vegas | 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Toruk—The First Flight T-Mobile Arena Henderson State of the City 2017 Green Valley Ranch Grand Event Center | noon to 1:30 p.m. All events on Wednesday » Las Vegas Jewish Film Festival Multiple venues Steel Panther Drai's Toruk—The First Flight T-Mobile Arena All events on Thursday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
31°FOvercastFull Forecast Subscribe to Newton Daily News News News Home Local State Nation and World Newsletter Progress Election Central Sports Sports Home Local Professional Pro Football Weekly Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Records Records Home Obituaries Police Reports Corrections Jasper Life Opinion Opinion Home Guest Columnists Editorials Letters Columnists Lifestyle Lifestyle Food Home & Garden Tech Events Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Video News Video Live Video Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Press Release Letters to the Editor Subscribe to the Newton Daily News Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Business Showcase Contact Coupons Daily Deals e-Edition Follow Us Forms Place an Ad Printing Special Sections Subscribe Subscriber Services Text Alerts Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Records Opinion Newsletter Lifestyle Events Video Photos Contests Share More TextAlerts Classified Jobs Storms kill four across Southern states Published: Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017 10:20 a.m. CST A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page More News Guitarist who avoided Buddy Holly plane crash diesJan. 13, 2017 - 10:46 am What’s up next in the federal trial of Dylann RoofJan. 11, 2017 - 10:21 am ‘Yes we did’ — Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speechJan. 11, 2017 - 10:16 am Moscow denies having compromising information about TrumpJan. 11, 2017 - 10:16 am Trump blasts intel agencies over report on Russia tiesJan. 11, 2017 - 10:16 am 10 things to know for todayJan. 11, 2017 - 10:16 am Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Newton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Newton Lawn Services Lawyers in Newton Shopping in Newton Travel to Newton Tanning in Newton Used Cars in Newton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 Newton Daily News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Published in Newton, Iowa, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays 3 Weather Alerts 4 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 5:00 pm Trooper William Poland was traveling east on I-70 in Russell County as a semi-truck, driving too fast for the icy conditions, lost control. … Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law 3:53 pm Labor unions were a strong presence at the rally in a parking lot at Macomb County Community College in the Detroit suburb of Warren, where … Parts of Kansas deal with ice 2:48 pm Widow of slain Oregon standoff leader carries on his mission 12:51 pm Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus 12:04 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 33° F Overcast Feels Like: 24° F Wind: ENE 12 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:24 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Lewis, Willock lead K-State WBB over Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Breanna Lewis scored 15 points, Eternati Willock had her first career double-double and No. 25 Kansas State defeate… No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 Kansas travels to Ames, Iowa to take on the Iowa State on Monday. Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State January 14, 2017 Full Court Press 01/13/17 January 13, 2017 Chiefs/Steelers playoff game moved to 7:20 p.m. Sunday January 13, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Local organization helps area children see circus for free January 12, 2017 The annual ticket giveaway is part of the Shriner’s mission to provide entertainment programs for children. Kansas City Triple Shooting January 1, 2017 Kansas City police are investigating three separate triple shootings in a violent New Year’s holiday weekend. Community mourns the loss of a 6-year-old who died in a fire December 28, 2016 Fight at West Ridge Mall December 27, 2016 Wichita man surprises military family with Christmas display December 22, 2016 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South JEFF AMY, Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 9:51 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday.   Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Atlanta aims to avoid repeat of epic, icy traffic jam Dangerous blizzard, flooding as new storm hits California Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Weather Quick Links Radar Webcams Current Conditions Closings Forecast Current Alerts Satellite Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners Media General KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Hundreds gather for “Love March” in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior 6:22 pm Hundreds gathered in the Elm City Sunday to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior. Barnum Museum continues to preserve circus history despite show ending 6:24 pm The “Ringling Brothers Barnum And Bailey Circus” is coming to a close but the Barnum Museum in Bridgeport is still preserving its history. Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus 6:13 pm Car found submerged in icy Milford pond 5:39 pm Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 5:30 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 7:14 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F 5 die in south during severe storms that bring rain and wind By Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 10:45 am Updated: January 3, 2017, 12:55 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) (AP)– At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday morning for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. National Weather Service meteorologist Mark Wool of Tallahassee, Florida, said teams were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Winter storm hits New England after icing over the South Floods force hundreds of evacuations in California, Nevada Southern drought relents but not over, despite recent rains Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 32° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 31° F Forecast Weather Blog 2 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Pedestrian struck by vehicle in Dayton Updated: 27 mins ago It happened around 8:30 p.m. in the 1800 block of S. Gettysburg Ave. Dayton stand-off ends peacefully, 1 arrested 4:02 pm Officials say the woman called dispatch saying her ex was threatening to shoot her around 2:22 a.m. Sunday. Greene Co. officials investigating deadly shooting in Yellow Springs Updated: 25 mins ago Thousands gather for ‘Ohio Sister March’ in downtown Columbus 3:06 pm Dayton Police searching for drive-thru robbery suspect 3:48 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 32° F Overcast Feels Like: 32° F Wind: E 3 Humidity: 92% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:56 AM Sunset: 5:36 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Buckeyes beat Spartans for first Big Ten win 5:32 pm JaQuan Lyle made 5 of 7 shots from the 3-point line and scored 22 points as Ohio State pulled away down the stretch and beat Michigan State … Williams, Cooke lead Flyers to win at Duquesne January 14, 2017 Xeyrius Williams scored a career-high 19 points and Charles Cooke scored 18 off the bench as the Dayton Flyers earned a 76-57 road win over … Alstork rallies Raiders past Panthers January 14, 2017 Cavs’ J.R. Smith shares first photo of preemie baby girl January 13, 2017 Wisconsin blows out Ohio State 89-66 January 13, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Bella Musica: the musical petting zoo January 13, 2017 Sarah and Alyssa from Bella Musica tell us more about an event they call a musical petting zoo. Dayton Dance Centre January 13, 2017 Zac learns some new moves at the Dayton Dance Centre. Pet of the week- 1/13/17 January 13, 2017 Buckeye Door Sales January 13, 2017 Comfort Foods from Firebirds Wood Fired Grill January 13, 2017 More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 32° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 31° F Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South By Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 10:56 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Aircraft crashes in Champaign Co. (WDTN Photo) Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts UPDATE: 5th person dies in deadly storm outbreak across southeast U.S. 6 deaths blamed on southeast storms Remains of Pearl Harbor victim returned to home state 75 years later Hostage situation at Alabama Credit Union in Tuscaloosa ends, suspect taken into custody Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Suspect with child in car fatally shoots man walking on the far Reports: Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Something old, something new Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace San Antonio writers resist upcoming presidency with their words San Antonians on MLK route talk about march's importance Wreck causes gas leak in New Braunfels, 2 women arrested Man on FBI's 10 most-wanted list arrested in Texas US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Attorney General Lynch: 'We have always pushed forward' Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Numbers everyone should know Lone Star National closing a San Antonio branch magicJack, San Antonio’s Carnegie square off on hostile Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Girls basketball: X-ray reveals no break in Brandeis’ Swimming: Saturday’s high school results Volleyball: Area athletes land on TSWA All-State team Texans’ fight, grit not enough Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Photos: S.A. Cocktail Conference opening event brings kids of all Cook's Country magazine looks at South Texas breakfast tacos Hotel Valencia names new general manager 7 dishes we’re looking forward to trying during Restaurant Week Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Reports: Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died Violinist leads, conducts symphony San Antonio jazz musician Sebastian Campesi dies at 95 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Seen on Instagram: The ultra-exclusive S.A. debutante ball that Live, Work, and Play, Away Here's the trick to surviving the San Antonio Cocktail Conference Cool wraps keep your earbuds untangled and looking good Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla State shorting schools in funding Rick Perry will be a superb Energy Secretary King’s vision demands effort, persistence Dr. King’s words, deeds still resonate Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Premium Overland model tops out the lineup for the revived Jeep Hyundai upgrades three-row Santa Fe crossover for 2017, tweaking Mazda’s CX-5 compact crossover will get a complete redesign, Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features An American fault line: High school-only grads left behind Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months Average US 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.12 percent Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend San Antonio homes for rent Museum Reach apartment developer adds Carlyle Group as partner ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/texas/article/North-Texas-man-dons-Wal-mart-employee-vest-to-10832065.php Texas man wears employee vest to steal from Wal-mart store, police say By Kelsey Bradshaw Updated 4:45 pm, Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Photo: Courtesy/Grapevine Police Department Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Grapevine police are searching for a man who stole merchandise from a Wal-mart store while wearing an employee vest Nov. 21, 2016.   Grapevine police are searching for a man who stole merchandise from a Wal-mart store while wearing an employee vest Nov. 21, 2016.   Photo: Courtesy/Grapevine Police Department Texas man wears employee vest to steal from Wal-mart store, police say 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Grapevine police are searching for a man who donned an employee vest as he stole from a Wal-mart store in November, they said.  A man wearing a black, long sleeve T-shirt entered a Wal-mart store on State Highway 114 Nov. 21 northwest of Dallas and proceeded to take two baskets full of merchandise, according to a Grapevine Police Department news release. At one point, the man put on a blue, Wal-Mart employee vest. He was driving a black Dodge Ram at the time, police said. The U.S. dollar is hovering near 14-year highs in the wake of the Fed's latest interest rate increase and expectations for tax cuts and other stimulus measures under a Trump administration. While Americans traveling overseas this holiday season are getting more bang for their buck, one corporate giant isn't too happy. Walmart's outsized international exposure stands to wreak havoc on its bottom line during the fourth quarter and into the early part of 2017. The extent of the damage in the fourth quarter could come as a surprise to many on Wall Street as Walmart's full earnings guidance of $4.20 to $4.35 a share assumed no change in currency rates when it was issued in mid-November. Video provided by TheStreet Media: TheStreet Those with information on the suspect should contact Grapevine police at: 817-410-3243. RELATED: Police: Woman lured man to Austin home through dating app for robbery kbradshaw@express-news.net Twitter: @kbrad5 Most Popular 1 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV 2 Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico 3 NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... Weather Alert NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms possible through Monday morning The Latest One of FBI's 10 most-arrested on Texas-Mexico border Cowboys go down fighting, lose by 3 to the Packers 1970s, '80s Wrestling legend has died Seen on Instagram: The ultra-exclusive S.A. debutante ball... Texas' Sid Miller keeps spreading fake news Wreck causes gas leak in New Braunfels, 2 women arrested NBA wants to shorten games due to millennial attention spans Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Man on FBI's 10 most-wanted list arrested in Texas S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV Tried Whataburger for first time, here's what they said Buzzfeed picks winner in Whataburger vs. In-N-Out vs. Shake... Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Most streamed show on Netflix in each state What's new on Netflix, Amazon Prime in January First looks at new and returning 2017 TV shows Paper Tiger throws DJ fueled birthday bash Photos: Ultra-exclusive S.A. party that took over downtown 100 best photos of S.A.'s nightlife scene from 2016 'Decrepit' 100-year-old S.A. home transformed Open houses you can visit this weekend in S.A. Homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Recent Breaking News Police: Juvenile mom abandoned newborn baby in Northeast Side... NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... William Peter Blatty, author of horror classic 'The Exorcist,'... 60-Second Clips Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Sign Up for Text Alerts Most Popular 1 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV 2 Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico 3 NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... 4 Report: 25-year-old pro bull rider Ty Pozzobon took his own life 5 Family of Tejano star want to exonerate him 6 We tried the regional burger chain many people say is the best... 7 American Apparel to close all of its stores 8 Seen on Instagram: The ultra-exclusive S.A. debutante ball... 9 A Texas man took a friend to a Cowboys game, and left him there 10 Alexandria Vera, former middle school teacher impregnated by... 11 Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico 12 Kawhi Leonard's career day not enough as Spurs fall in Mexico... 13 Fake news? That didn't stop Sid Miller from spreading it 14 Report: Professional bull rider Ty Pozzobon dies at 25 15 Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries Severe storms in U.S. South leave at least 6 dead 4 killed when falling tree crushed Alabama mobile home, 2 more deaths in Georgia and Florida The Associated Press Posted: Jan 03, 2017 10:39 AM ET Last Updated: Jan 03, 2017 7:31 PM ET Friends and family survey the trailer where a tree fell and killed four people after a storm hit Rehobeth, Ala. (Phil Sears/Reuters) Related Stories 4 dead in Alabama as storm barrels through Southern U.S. As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Ala. 4 dead in Alabama as storm barrels through Southern U.S. "It was dead centre," Byrd said. "You think, `What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four and, a woman in Georgia, and a man who appeared to have drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Fla. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama coast hit by massive storms0:38 'Just a matter of seconds' Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. Tim McElveen surveys damage to his home on Coleman Road after the storm passed through Rehobeth. (Phil Sears/Reuters) Florida flood drowning  In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Albany, Ga., fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1½-kilometre-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. Homes destroyed In addition to the death, Rowe said, more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He said the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 10 centimetres of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 20 centimetres of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. People examine a barn destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., on Monday. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via Associated Press) Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Neb. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the centre's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Best presidential inauguration performances 3:50 'Trump does not have the moral authority to battle with John Lewis,' says Rev. Jesse Jackson 1:14 Investigators with Diana Swain - Josh Earnest Interview 4:46 Aussie rugby players dress up as Elvis for game 0:58 Most Viewed Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Ringling Bros. closing curtain on namesake circus after 146 years Trump attacks civil rights icon before Martin Luther King Jr. day As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Anti-Trump civil rights demonstrators vow to 'march until hell freezes over' Woman abducted as a baby in Florida found 18 years later Mosul University fully liberated by Iraqi troops Covering Donald Trump White House will 'pose a challenge for the media,' outgoing press secretary says Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss New 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Analysis Future of the oilsands: the good, the bad and the ugly New generation moves to the fore in Liberal cabinet shuffle No charges after cyclist, car standoff video, Ottawa police say Obama talks about Israel, Syria and Trump in his final interview as president As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Remembering Candace Derksen: Family braces for retrial of man accused of her murder Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some Video Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Man plunges to bottom of Lake of the Woods in -30 C weather Katy Perry, Scarlett Johansson, Cher among celebs set to join Women's March on Washington Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Grounded tanker freed from Cape Breton shore Ice storm creates slick conditions in central U.S. for 3rd day Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Severe weather kills 5 in Southeast, threat continues Tuesday Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press on January 03, 2017 at 9:31 AM comments At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday morning (Jan. 3) for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr Weather Search Enter City, State or Zip Code Live Regional Radar State Radar Loop Interactive weather maps including local radar, satellite, severe, forecast maps, and more ... More maps from AccuWeather» Most Read About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News UPDATE: Missing person found Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Fulton issues boil water notice More In News UPDATE: Missing person found Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Fulton issues boil water notice Providing education, care: Pre-K access average in Northeast Mississippi Fewer in state choose ACA View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Schaefer, William preview in-state rivalry Featured All-American punter picks MSU With Logan Cooke entering his senior season, Mississippi State secured its future punter on Sunday. U.S. Army All-American Tucker Day chose the... Business Agriculture value is part of Mississippi’s economy DENNIS SEID: Furniture Academy should be embraced DAVE RAMSEY: Dissolve LLC only if the numbers don’t work More In Business Agriculture value is part of Mississippi’s economy DENNIS SEID: Furniture Academy should be embraced DAVE RAMSEY: Dissolve LLC only if the numbers don’t work Educators, business leaders seek to close skills gap Chapter 3 buys Golden Chair furniture company View all posts in Business Lifestyle Preserving the past: National Park Service gains more Civil War sites LESLIE CRISS: Presley the pug spends second birthday abroad ROBERT ST. JOHN: Vegetable soup good for stomachs and souls More In Lifestyle Preserving the past: National Park Service gains more Civil War sites LESLIE CRISS: Presley the pug spends second birthday abroad ROBERT ST. JOHN: Vegetable soup good for stomachs and souls Pentecostal preacher retiring from pulpit after more than 50 years DAVID PANNELL: Early morning encounter of dogs, humans teaches new tricks View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Take time to honor King’s legacy, impact on America SID SALTER: To compete, state must move past analog governing in digital world BILL CRAWFORD: Road, bridge crisis causes great ponderation More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Take time to honor King’s legacy, impact on America SID SALTER: To compete, state must move past analog governing in digital world BILL CRAWFORD: Road, bridge crisis causes great ponderation Letters to the Editor: Jan. 15, 2017 OUR OPINION: American spirit requires active, faithful citizens View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Jimmy John's update: mid-February opening expected in Tupelo Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Daily Journal Fall Sports Banquet Rocky Topped: Rebels curtail 28-game slide to UT VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 13, 2017 Ole Miss-Georgia: Day After Observations Shooting blanks: Season-low percentages lead to home loss VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 12, 2017 Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » 5 die in South during severe storms that bring rain and wind 5 die in South during severe storms that bring rain and wind Posted on January 3, 2017 by Daily Journal in News, Weather Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, near Collins, on Monday. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) By Jeff Amy Associated Press At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday morning for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. National Weather Service meteorologist Mark Wool of Tallahassee, Florida, said teams were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Chickasaw County constable gives bicycles to needy Purse stolen from city hall, man charged → Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Which of the "Final Four" teams is most likely to win a national championship next season? Alabama Clemson Ohio State Washington View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages UPDATE: Missing person found Daily Journal Pentecostal preacher retiring from pulpit after more than 50 years Youth is served: Inexperienced Bulldogs continue winning ways Lady Devils use free throw line to grab Prentiss County trophy MSU Notebook: Mourning Peters comes up big Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Move to learn: Saltillo teacher blends walking, learning through grant Fewer in state choose ACA RAW: Nettleton couple goes back to nature for home furnishings Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Archive Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Tuesday Jan 3, 2017 at 9:14 AM Jan 3, 2017 at 11:06 AM JEFF AMY, Associated Press Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Customer Service Newspaper in Education Submit an Ad Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Random Acts of Kindness Education State News Databases Election 2016 Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Local Politics Kansas National / World Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita Traffic Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Sports Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts 34° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 35° F Radar Forecast Alerts 12 Weather Alerts 89 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Politics Kansas National / World Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita Traffic Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Featured: Auto Recalls Human Trafficking Product Recalls Winter Storm Latest Headlines Ice storm causing power outages in Dodge City 6:39 pm Ice covered tree branches have been falling on power lines. Great Bend crews respond to a downed power line 6:00 pm In Great Bend, the rain hasn’t stopped and it’s still below freezing. The city is getting freezing rain and the ice is starting to build up. Trump team considers relocating White House media corps 3:53 pm Fans tailgating in KC ahead of game 4:13 pm Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 4:10 pm Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Current Conditions 34° F Overcast Feels Like: 27° F Wind: NNE 9 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 34° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:35 PM Wichita and Kansas Weather Forecast Radar Threat Tracker Photos Sponsored by: Sports Sports Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Featured: Wichita State Shockers Latest Headlines NFL Live Stream: Chiefs vs Steelers 6:30 pm Watch the Chiefs vs Steelers NFL game live online. Fans tailgating in KC ahead of game 4:13 pm The severe ice storm projected for the Kansas City area turned out relatively tame. Kansas Defeats Oklahoma State; Remains Unbeaten in Big 12 January 14, 2017 Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State 77-68 January 14, 2017 No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State 87-80 January 14, 2017 Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Featured: Oscar Awards Wichita Riverfest Latest Headlines NFL Live Stream: Chiefs vs Steelers 6:30 pm Watch the Chiefs vs Steelers NFL game live online. ‘Hidden Figures’ keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop 3:55 pm Estimates on Sunday say “Hidden Figures” sold $20.5 million in tickets. Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 12:43 pm Photos: Ice storm in Kansas 3:34 pm Kidman says comments about Trump support weren’t endorsement January 14, 2017 More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 34° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 35° F South bracing for more severe storms, rain By Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 8:41 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday morning for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Winter storm: South braces for snow, sleet and freezing rain Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Latest: Freezing rain arrives in ice storm Deadly storms add to drought, flood and fires plaguing South Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Senior notes for Hampshire and Franklin Counties and Metro East Plus, January 4, 2017. Print Email The Republican By The Republican The Republican on December 29, 2016 at 4:49 PM, updated January 03, 2017 at 10:09 AM comments AMHERST Council on Aging 70 Boltwood Walk, 413-259-3060. Second Hand Clothing Shop: The Amherst Senior Center announces the opening of a shop offering used clothing for sale. The shop will be open each Friday from 9 a.m.-noon in the Large Activity Room of the Bangs Community Center. Donations of clean, gently used clothing will be accepted during shop hours. Proceeds will help support the programs and services of the Amherst Senior Center. Senior Center Offers 2017 Parking Stickers: this parking program is designed to make parking near the center more convenient for older people. The parking sticker is valid for parking in the Boltwood Garage parking lot, both surface, underground and in the 12 spaces against the fence east of the Ann Whalen Apartments for four hour periods on weekdays between 8 a.m.-5 p.m. The cost is $25 for the full year and will be sold to newcomers and those who have used their 2016 stickers to attend Senior Center activities on the average of about one hour per weeks. WELLNESS CLINICS/SERVICES Senior Health Services: Mon., 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m.; Thurs., 1:30-3:30 p.m., with Lisa White, BS, RN, in the Bangs Center. Free Blood Pressure Clinic: Tuesdays, 9-10 a.m. Wellness Grants: The Senior Center doesn't want anyone to be left out of its fitness classes or clinics because of lack of funds. A $15 wellness grant is available to low income Amherst elders upon request. Speak to Karen or Nancy at the center to fill out a simple means test form. A maximum of two $15 grants are allowed per month ($150 yearly cap) and can be used for clinic appointments or fitness classes (the funds for this come from donations). Convalescent Equipment and Supplies: The center has been collecting donated medical equipment for a number of years and loaning it to those n need of the items. The equipment includes commodes, walkers with wheels (and w/o), canes, crutches, raised toilet seats, disposable undergarments, washable under pads for the bed and other assorted items. Drop by weekdays between 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. to borrow what you need. Call the center at 413-259-3060 for further information. Emergency Preparedness: If you are at risk and would need special help in an emergency, please contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or Helen MacMellon at 413-259-3062 to be placed on our At Risk list. Senior Foot Care/Ear Irrigation: (NO CLINIC JAN. 20) Fridays, 9:40 a.m.-12:40 p.m.with Sharon Beaulieu, RN. Call 413-259-3060 for an appointment. The fee for service is $28 for foot care and $25 for ear irrigation. Patients need to use Debrox Wax Softening drops at home two days prior to their appointment for hardened wax problems. Ear Irrigation Clinic: Dr. Daniel Clapp provides this service on the second/fourth Tuesday of the month from 3-4:30 p.m. $10 donation to the Amherst Senior Center Wellness Grants Gift Account is encouraged. No Debrox drops are needed. Call or drop in the Center to schedule an appointment. Massage Clinic: Tuesdays by appointment, $40 per hour or $25 for a half hour. Hearing Care Service: free, evaluations, screening, counseling, ear canal inspection, hearing aid assessment, please call to schedule an appointment. SHINE: Jan. 9 and 23, 1-4 p.m. Hot Lunch: served weekdays at the center at 11:45 a.m., reservations should be made no later than 10 a.m. the previous day, call Kathy Nelson, at 413-259-3164 to sign up, $3 suggested donation. Wellness Rides Program: this program provides medical appointment transportation for Amherst seniors who are completely independent with mobility and decision making. Fee round trip: Amherst, $8; Hadley , $9; Northampton, Hatfield, $12; Easthampton, Florence, Leeds, Belchertown, $14; Holyoke, Deerfield, $16; Greenfield, $20; West Springfield, Springfield $30. Computer Tutoring Lessons: Free one on one, to make an appointment lease leave a message for Jack Wollensak by calling 413-259-3060. Computer Lab: available during our regular workday Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., free. Peapod by Stop and Shop: do your grocery shopping without leaving your home. Stop and Shop has an online grocery shopping service that delivers your groceries to your home. Its called Peapod, www.peapod.com or call 1-800-5-PEAPOD for further information. Atkins Country Market: Monday through Saturday you can have groceries delivered from Atkins Market. Orders have to e placed a day ahead. there is a $25 minimum order requirement, a 10% assembly fee and $8 delivery fee. Call Atkins at 413-253-7022 to place your order. Prescription Helping Hands: Do you have a difficult time picking up your prescriptions because of transportation problems? The center has volunteers who will pick up prescriptions and deliver them to your home. call Helen at the center 413-259-3062 for more information. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ed Smith, Estate Planning and Elder Law: Jan. 20, 1-4 p.m. Ayaz Mahmud, Money Talk: Jan. 10, 11 a.m.-noon CLASSES/SEMINARS Jan. 4: Shakespeare, Henry VI part III, movie 9-noon movie. Jan. 10-Feb. 28: Lectures on Cosmology, eight Tuesdays, 1-3 p.m., free. Jan. 12: The Anthropology of Deviance, 10 weeks, 10:30 a.m.-noon, please preregister, free. Drawing Classes: Mondays, 9:30-11:30 a.m., classes are $10 each payable to Carolyn Bruneau. Soothing Stretch: Fridays Jan. 20-March 24, 3-4 p.m. Jan. 9, 23 and 30: Exploring Collage, bring any kind of , magazines, fabric scraps, trinkets, things from nature, scissors, glue, tape, pins anything to attach things Caregivers Group and Stress Reduction Class: Jan. 12 and 26, 1:30-3 p.m. Caregivers Loaning Library: to borrow a book from our library stop in to visit one of our social workers, Maura or Helen. Caregivers Massages: Talya Solomon is offering free massages to help relieve your stress. Contact Helen to schedule a massage at 413-259-3062or macmellonh@amherstma.gov Joy of Song with Sara Snyder : Jan. 19, 1-2 p.m. Name that Tune with Steve Damon: Mondays 11-11:45 a.m. Jan 9: Americana Sing Along Jan 23: Jazz Standards UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 28: Wine and Canvas Fundraiser at the Hampshire Mall, 2-4 p.m., cost $30, call to register or sign up at the centers reception desk. TRAVEL CLUB: Call the Senior Travel Club at (413) 259-3060 for information, Monday-Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Younger people and non-residents are welcome to participate. Jan. 7, 2017: Mohegan Sun Casino, 8 a.m., return 7:30 p.m., cost $45, participants get a $15 coupon toward food and a $10 free bet. Jan. 19, 2017: Worcester Museum of Art, 10:30 a.m., return 3:30-4 p.m., cost $50, (motorcoach, admission and gratuity). Feb., 2017: Kennedy Library in Boston MA. and supper at the Salem Cross Inn, West Brookfield, cost $60 Mar. 24, 2017: Boston Flower and Garden Show and optional lunch at Maggiano's, cost $65. Apr. 21, 2017: Boston Symphony Afternoon Concert at Symphony Hall, Boston, cost $120. May 13-19, 2017: Barcelona Spain, 7 days, 8 meals, 5 breakfasts, 1 lunch and 2 dinners, per person rates, double $3879, single $4579, triple $3849, included in prices is the round trip air, attractions, insurance ($280), air taxes, and hotel transfers. Sep. 8-15, 2017: Northern National Parks, 8 days, 7 breakfasts, and 3 dinners, per person rates, double $3069, single $3769, triple $3039, included in price is the round trip airfare, insurance ($240), air taxes and hotel transfers. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Function Well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10:00 a.m.; drawing workshop, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; senior health services, 10 a.m.-noon, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; name that tune, 11 a.m.; lunch 11:45 a.m; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; tai chi, 3-4 p.m. Tuesday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; blood pressure clinic, 9-10 a.m.; tai chi/arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; line dancing, 10:45-11:45 a.m.; massage, 11 a.m-4 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; folk dancing, 1-2 p.m.; Scrabble, 1-3 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; ear irrigation with Dr. Clapp, 3-4:30 p.m. (2nd and 4th Tues. of the month). Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10 a.m.; Free Bread Program , 9:30 a.m.; morning yoga, 9:30-11 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; Bridge, noon-4 p.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m. Thursday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; tai chi for arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m .; Insular Southeast Asia 10:30-noon; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; chess games, 1-4 p.m.; memoir writing , 1-3:30 p.m.; senior health services nursing clinic, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; moving in rhythm 3-4 p.m. Friday: Second hand clothing shop open, 9 a.m.-noon; craft workshop, 9 a.m.-noon, cribbage games, 9 a.m. - noon; foot care & ear irrigation, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; ballroom dancing, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; grocery shopping, 10 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m. BELCHERTOWN Senior Center 60 State St., 413-323-0420. Aging Mastery Program: To be put on a waiting list for the next session, see Bill or Susan. Bunch of Losers: Weight loss program, meets every Monday, 10:45 a.m., share nutritional tips, recipes and support, call Susan for more information and to sign up. Dessert & Coffee Bar: Monday's, the kitchen will be serving dessert and self serve coffee right after lunch. Memory Cafe: Jan. 10, 3-4 p.m. This is for those with a diagnosis of a dementia related disorder, mild cognitive impairment, those concerned about their memory loss, family members and care partners. This is not a drop off program and caregivers should plan to attend. It is a time and place for people to interact, find support and to share concerns without feeling embarrassed or misunderstood. Please contact Bill at 413-323-0420 ext. 503 if you plan to attend so we can have enough light refreshments. Belchertown Police Department: first Thurs. of the month, 11:20 a.m. to review the newest crimes, scams and concerns. Digital camera classes: If interested, call Susan. Sewing Class: Begins Jan. 3, 12:30 p.m. Bring your project along with you and if you need to use a sewing machine a portable one is perfect. Free Movie of the Month 12:30 p.m. Jan 11: Sully Jan. 25: The Accountant Book Club third Tuesday of the month : Jan. 17, 1 p.m., The Invention of Wings by Sue Monk Kidd. Esthetician Services Offered: facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at just $30, to book an appointment call Susan at 413-323-0420 ext. 501. Parkinson Support Group: first Friday of the month, 1 p.m., Jan. 6. Senior Center Van: shop at Walmart or Big Y in Ware, door to door service round trip $3, please call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule. Rock & Roll Exercise: Thursdays at 3 p.m., stop and check it out, $5. Triad: Looking for new members, meets the last Tuesday of the month at 10:45 a.m. Van Rides: Call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 509 to arrange van rides, preferably the day prior. Door to door service $3 for round trip. Safe Entry Program: A program offered by Belchertown TRIAD in conjunction with the Police/Fire Dept. in which seniors have a lock box installed that holds their house key. The lock box will be installed on your home free of charge by a qualified volunteer. A minimum donation of $20 is required in order to help with costs. To receive a lock box, pick-up a contract and complete the Safe Entry Dorm Return to BCOA, c/o Susan Shea, Attn: TRIAD, 60 State St., Belchertown, MA 01007. Senior Travel Club: Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday 10-1 p.m. call 413-323-0420 Ext 513. Upcoming Events Jan. 6,20: WalMart/Big Y Shoppers, door to door, round trip service, $3, call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule your ride. Jan. 12: Dr Perica Valley Podiatry, 10:30 a.m., learn everything you always wanted to know about your feet. Jan. 19: free Smart Phone App. and how to install, the Belchertown Police Dept. is offering a free app. targeted towards keeping the community safe. Jan 27: Blood for Blue Blood Drive, 10 a.m.-2 p.m., donors will receive a Dunkin Donut gift card and the TRIAD will be offering hot dogs and beverages to all participants. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Blood pressure and sugar checks, 8:45 a.m., first and third Monday of the month; osteo exercise, 10 a.m.; bridge, 10:30 a.m.; Bunch of Losers, 10:45 a.m.; yoga, 11:45 a.m.; hand and foot, 12:30 p.m.; TRIAD, third Monday of the month, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Computer, 9 a.m.; crafts, 9 a.m.; pitch, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Chordials, 10 a.m.; TRIAD, 10:45 a.m.; activities committee, 10:45 a.m., first Tuesday of the month; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; association meeting, 12:45 p.m., first Tuesday of the month. Wednesday: Quilting, 9 a.m.; Eddie C., 10 a.m.; bridge, 10 a.m.; osteo, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; tooth fairy, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 2:30 p.m. Thursday: Birthdays, last Thursday of the month; pitch, 9 a.m.; computer class, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Zendoodle, 10 a.m.; painting, noon; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1:30 p.m.; COA Board, 6 p.m., fourth Thursday of the month. Friday: Knitting, 9:30 a.m.; yoga, 9:30 a.m.; pitch, 9:30 a.m.; brown bag, 10 a.m., second Friday of the month; audiologist, 11 a.m., first Friday of the month, by appointment.; Nickel-Nickel, 1 p.m. BRIMFIELD Senior Center 20 Main Street, (Located in the 1st Congregational Church), 413-245-7253 TRIPS Senator Gobi: Jan. 17, 11 a.m.-noon Monthly Movie: Jan. 20, 11 a.m., Mr. Church UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 6: Plarning, Crochet and Knitting, 10:30 a.m. Jan. 12: Are you entitled to any discounts or credits on your property tax? Cindy Poirer, Assessor for the Town of Brimfield will be here for a lunch and learn to go over whatever discounts you might qualify for, 11:15 a.m. Jan. 13: Brown Bag pick up, 10 a.m.-noon. Jan. 16: Closed in observance of Martin Luther King. Jan. 17: Blood Pressure, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; Massage with Vicki, 9:15-11:15, by appointment only, $5 for ten minutes, $15 for 20 minutes. Jan. 27: Chinese New Year Party, 1 p.m., $6 suggested donation. Come and enjoy a wide variety of traditional favorites. Please reserve your seat by Jan. 24. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES We have changed the suggested donations for classes. Amount for 55 and up $2, under 55, $3. Cup of Conversation: First Fri. of each month beginning Jan. 6, 10:35 a.m., please call the center if you would like to join the group. Lunch Club: Jan. 6, 12:15 p.m. We will meet at The Salem Cross Inn, 260 W Main St, West Brookfield. Please sign up no later than Jan. 4th so reservations can be made, this is a self pay lunch club. Arthritis Class: Tuesday, 10:30 a.m., this class helps to alleviate pain in arthritis sufferers as well as aid in prevention, the class is mostly seated. Cardio Chair Dancing: Is on hold until the spring due to instructors schedule. All the benefits from dance but done in a chair. Great if you have knee, hip, balance or coordination challenges that make dancing difficult. Strength Training Classes: Mondays and Thursday's 9-10 a.m. A total body workout to upbeat music. Uses hand weights and exercise bands. Tai Chi; Qigong Classes: Tuesday and Friday, 9:30-10:30 a.m. This enjoyable class strengthens tendons, aids in fall prevention, balance and overall well-being. Regular Yoga: Wednesday morning 8:45 a.m., suitable for all levels of fitness. Redefined Yoga: Thursday, 10-11 a.m. Love the idea of yoga, but can't get down on the floor or back up? This class has all the benefits of regular yoga and incorporates standing, sitting in a chair and stretching but no getting down on the floor! Work at your own pace and ability level (suitable for wheelchair/chair bound). BINGO: 2nd and 4th Wednesday of the month. Join our group for fun and prizes. Snacks and beverages provided. $1 per card. Wii Bowling: 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month. Friendly competition with prizes and snack bar. Breakfast: We now have breakfast available every Wednesday at 10 a.m. Reservations must be made before 11 a.m. on the Monday before. $2 suggested donation. Lunch: Tuesdays and Thursdays, reservations required by 11 a.m. on previous day, $2 suggested donation. Coloring for Adults: 3rd and 4th Tuesdays at 11 a.m. Coloring books, crayons/pencils provided. EASTHAMPTON Council on Aging 19 Union St., 413-527-6151. Please Note: Some of our programs are open to the public, others are limited to Easthampton 55+, call 413-527-6151 ahead for for details. Closings: Call 413-527-6151 to check for open hours or early closings. New Strong Yoga Classes: possible class offering depends on interest level, need at least 5 to start, call 413-527-6151 if interested. Fitness Center: Open to Easthampton residents, 55 and older. Annual fee is $65 for residents, $100 per year for out-of-town. Garden Volunteers: If you can spare a few hours one-time only or more on a regular basis to assist with watering, weeding, trimming and cutting etc. and supervising the group from Honor Trial Court Program, please contact activity coordinator, Kim Jensen for additional information/details at 413-527-6151. Volunteer Receptionist: The Enrichment Center is seeking 2 volunteer receptionists for 3-4 hours/week from 12-4 p.m. or 4-7 p.m., to answer a 2-line phone system, make reservations for trips, activities and other events, and much more. This volunteer position requires someone who can multi-task, handle stress and who has excellent customer service skills and patience. Please call Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. New Grocery Shopping Delivery Program: The Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment Center has received a grant from Highland Valley Elder Services to partially fund a new grocery shopping delivery program. This new program will provide free delivery of groceries to Easthampton residents 60 years of age and older who: do not drive, have no available family members, friends or other support systems/services in place for grocery shopping, or cannot use the van or other transportation options to go grocery shopping. Anyone interested should contact Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. An Outreach Worker will need to make a home visit to determine eligibility. Cyber Angels Program: Wouldn't it be great to see a loved one that lives far way without leaving the comfort of your home? On-line video visits are a great way to stay connected with family and friends. We will bring in the technology (laptop) and set up the communication and stand by for any assistance you need to video chat with family and friends. There is no charge for this; this is a gift from us to you. Call Outreach Worker, Holly Handfield at 413-527-6151 x15 if interested. One-On-One Computer Assistance: Richard Bauman can help you with the basics. We have computers and laptops at the Enrichment Center for you to practice with, or you can bring your own. Call 413-527-6151 to schedule an appointment. ZUMBA GOLD: Saturday's, 10:30 A.M. and Tuesday's and Thursday's at 5 p.m., $5 per class at the Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment center WiFi and Laptop: Available at the enrichment Center. Return of the Bio Mat: bio mat heat therapy is back on Friday's by appointment, call 413-527-6151 at least 48 hours in advance. Treat yourself to the warm infrared heat bed, prerecorded meditation or beautiful music via the headset while lying on the chaise. Billards: call for days and time, donations welcome Genealogy Group: Dec. 28, 2 p.m. Reiki with David: Call 413-527-6151 for further information and details. Bio Heatmat: Fridays, by appointment, $5 donation appreciated, call 413-527-6151 to schedule your advanced appointment. Mini Hair Salon: $10 new clients, $12 regulars, please prepay and schedule your appointment in advance, 413-527-6151. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully: Mondays, 1-3 p.m., call for dates. Board Meeting: Travel Club: Friends Meeting: Group Support Meetings: Thursdays, 4:30-6 p.m., please call for December dates. Mens Curmudgeon Group: SHINE: Thursdays, 9-noon Aroma Therapy and Sound Therapy: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., $15 for a 45 minute appointment payable in advance, call 413-527-6151 to schedule. Reflexology for hands and feet: Wednesdays, 1-3 p.m., cost $15 payable in advance, please call to schedule your appointment. Pepin Street School History Project: The Easthampton Council on Aging is delighted to collaborate with Miss Harwood's 3rd grade class at Pepin Street School on a History Project. If you are 80 and home bound this will be an opportunity to reach out into your community and share your story. The children will use the computers at school to connect with you. We will provide a lap top for you to converse with them right in the comfort of your own home. The questions that will be asked will be determined by you and the teacher. If your are interested please contact Holly Handfield Outreach Coordinator at 413-527-6151, ext. 15. Donations are welcome on all free events UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 6: Mew Years Party, 12:30 p.m., refreshments provided, seating is limited due to floor space, $6 per ticket. LUNCH AND A MOVIE: Call the Enrichment Center at least one week in advance to preregister and prepay for your luncheon, cost is $4, lunch served at noon and the movie begins at 1 p.m. VAN TRIPS Big Y: Tuesdays at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. Big E's Foodland: Fridays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: gratitude yoga class, 9:30 a.m., $20 for four weeks, payable in advance; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Phase 10 card game, noon; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; Tuesday: Van to Big Y, 9 a.m. & 1 p.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, beginners, 6-7 p.m. Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance class, 10 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; hand craft group, 1-3 p.m. Thursday: SHINE appts., 9 a.m.-noon; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba gold, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, advanced, 6-7 p.m. Friday: Van to Big E's, 10 a.m. & 12:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Saturday: fitness center, 9 a.m.-noon; Zumba gold, 10:30 a.m. GREENFIELD Council on Aging 54 High St., Suite 2, 413-772-1517. Contact: Kathy Dunn at kathyd@greenfield-ma.gov; greenfieldMA.gov. HIGHLIGHTS Tax-Aide by Liberty Tax Service: Feb. 13-24, free income tax preparation to low income Greenfield seniors, 65+ with a gross income under $25,000 for single and $60,000 for married by appointment only. To schedule an appointment please call the center at 413-772-1517 ext. 0. If you have any questions please contact MaryAnn Socquet at 413-772-1517 ext. 1. Computer Lab: Monday-Friday Pizza Putt: Thursdays at 12:30 p.m., come for pizza, then stay and try our new indoor golf putting green. Please register for lunch with $4 payment by noon on Wednesday. Legislative Office Hours: Representative Paul Mark holds drop-in hours on the first Friday of the month. Tax Aide by Liberty Tax Service, Feb 13-24: This service is provided to low income seniors for free. The program is open to Greenfield residents age 65+ with a gross income limits under $25,000 single and $60,000 married. To schedule an appointment call the center beginning Jan. 3 at 413-772-1517, ext. 0. COUNCIL ON AGING NEWS: board meetings are held on the fourth Thursday of each month at 2 p.m. and are open to the public. For information about activities and trips call Activities Director Kathy Dunn, 413-772-1517, ext. 3. Avon Bingo: Jan. 18, 10:30-11:30 a.m., this is like regular bingo except the board is Avon related instead of numbers. The prizes are Avon products and there is also a chance for a $5 gift card for Avon products. Avon bingo is free and registration is required. Movie Matinee: Jan. 5, Streetcar Named Desire, 1 p.m., Call 413-772-1517 to reserve your seat, free. Pizza and Movie: Computer Drop-in: Monday through Friday, 12:45-3:45 p.m. Ask Our Computer Geek: SHINE: Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Jan. 11-Feb. 22: Tai Chi with Marcia Gobeil, 1-2 p.m., 6 week series for $30. Register with payment by Jan. 4 or until class is full. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg,1 p.m.; duplicate bridge, 1 p.m.; writing group, 1:30 p.m. Tuesday: Bones & Balance I Exercise, Shine, 9:30 a.m.; contact bridge, 12:30 p.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Advanced aerobics and scrabble, 9:30 a.m.; zumba, 10;30 a.m. (no zumba on 11-23); pitch, Tai Chi, 1 p.m.; crafty seniors, 1 p.m. Thursday: Bones and Balance I Exercise, 9:30 a.m.; Art Open Studio, 12:30 p.m. Friday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 1p.m.; creative coloring, 1:30 p.m. HADLEY Council on Aging 46 Middle St., 413-586-4023. Website: coa@hadleyma.org Transportation Update: Thanks to the Friends of Hadley Council on Aging, and our supporting individuals and businesses, we are pleased to announce that on Tuesdays, we will be using the senior van to transport seniors to the Senior Community Center and to local medical appointments or to pick up prescriptions. Please see below for details: -For Hadley residents age 60+ that do not drive and have no formal support system such as a friend or family member who drives. -You must schedule your ride at least 2 business days in advance (preferably more as we start out) by calling 413-586-4023. -There will be a nominal fee of $2 each way unless you are a HVES or Mass Health client, in which case there is no fee. -Service area is Hadley and surrounding towns including: Hatfield, Amherst, Northampton and Florence. We reserve the right to make changes to this pilot program at any time and will give due notice of any changes in advance of scheduling your ride and in the newsletters. Requests may be denied based on available seats, priority requests, or additional unforeseen circumstances. We ask that you be patient as we roll out this program so we can make it as user-friendly as possible. Thursday Shopping Van: pick up at your home or apartment for groceries and staples at local shopping centers, call 413-586-4023 by Tuesday to schedule. Traveling and Need Pet Care: Who better tha a local retired teacher who is ready to give comfort and quality time to your pet. Will walk, feed, play and comfort your animals in your home or mine. For prices or more information call 413-584-8970. Veterans Service Agent: Wednesdays 10 a.m.-noon or you may call 413-587-1299. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets, call 1-603-518-5368. COA Board Meeting: Representative John Scibak: Fridays at 11:30 a.m., call the center for dates, he may also be reached at 413-539-6566. HEALTH, WELLNESS, SAFETY, OUTREACH Community Health Nurse Office Hours: Wednesdays, 8 a.m-noon. Alzheimer's caregiver support group: Second and fourth Wednesday, 2 p.m., call 413-584-5057, ext. 255. Hearing Screenings/Hearing Aids Cleaning: Third Tuesday of the month from 10-11 a.m. with Deborah Reed of Ascent Audiology. Social Security Prescription Program: You may be eligible to apply for Extra Help in meeting prescription drug costs. An application can be completed anytime during the year. Jayne Sullivan, our SHINE counselor can help you apply. Fuel Assistance: Those recertifying should have received their paperwork in the mail. Those that are applying for the first time may do so now. You must do your first intake in person. We can do that with you at the Senior Center. Please call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment with Elsie Waskiewicz. 2016 income eligible guidelines are $33,126 for one person and $43,319 for two. Veteran's Benefits: Tom Geryk is available on Wednesdays from 10. a.m.-noon. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets. Call 603- 518-5368 for more info. At Home Counseling: Jon Steinberg, LICSW, provides in-home counseling and psychotherapy, specializing in home bound elders. Insurance accepted. For more information call Jon at 413-210-5713 or JONS629@comcast.net. Visit www.homevisittherapy.com. New Lock Box Program: Sponsored by Hadley TRIAD, now accepting names for high risk seniors to have a lock box installed so police and fire personnel have access to your home in the event of an emergency. Call 413-586-4023 for more information. TRIAD meetings are open to the public and are held March-June on the second Thursday of each month at 9:30 a.m. SHINE: Counselor Jayne Sullivan is available to answer your health insurance questions. Call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment. Traveling Hairdresser: Candee Wong of Celebrity Beauty Salon is now making house calls to seniors. Shampoo and cut, wash and style, and more. Contact Candace for services, pricing and scheduling; 413-256-1899. New One-on-One Computer Tutorials: Steve Eagle is a new-to-us volunteer from RSVP that would like to offer free tutorials at our Community Center. If you're interested, please call the office at 413-586-4023. Computer Set Up: Janice Jorgensen is our volunteer making house calls on our behalf to help fix glitches or configure your system. Call us at 413-586-4023 to schedule a visit. Though there is no fee, donations to the COA are welcomed. Foot Clinic: Jan. 17, $30 for clinic visit or $50 for home visit, call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment Stroke Prevention and Education: Brown Bag: Please pick up by 2 p.m. EXERCISE CLASSES Dancercise: Led by Nicole Lynn Smith, an all-over, aerobic based class and cool down. Mondays at 10:30 a.m., $6. Exercise Equipment Room: For those 55 and older, signed consent must be on file, orientation is mandatory, recumbent bike, nu-step and treadmills available. Fun and Fit: Led by Sidra Ellison, aerobic and small weights, Mondays at 3 p.m., $3 per class, pay one month in advance. Tai Chi: Mondays at 1:30 p.m., $4 per class, payable one month in advance. Healthy Bones and Balance I: Tue. and Thur. at 9:30 a.m., with Betty Faulkner, free. Balance: This class with Georgia & Elaine, Wednesdays, 2p.m. Yoga, Stretch, Flex and Breathe: Wednesdays at 9:15 a.m., with Ed Golding and friends. Free. Yoga/Pilates Mat Work: Fridays with Sidra Ellison, 10:30 a.m., $3 per class, payable one month in advance. Community Corner: Taking new or gently used donations for Spring Pocketbook and Scarf Sale, April 29, 2017. Donations can be brought to the center office Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. DATES TO REMEMBER DAY TRIPS Mar. 23, 2017: Westchester Broadway Theatre to see Mama Mia, luncheon and matinee, $119. Call Jane Nevinsmith 413-586-3772 Overnight Motor Coach Trips: Contact Gladys Nicholson at 413-658-7773 Spring 2017: Mississippi River Cruise, Apr. 1-10, 10 days and 9 nights. New Orleans to Memphis, $3099 per person, includes round trip flights, all meals during the cruise, shore excursions, entertainment, dancing lectures, port and gov. fees. Contact Gladys 413-658-7773 to ask about cabin availability. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dancercise, 10:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Tuesday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Wednesday: Yoga stretching, 9:15-10:30 a.m.; 11:45 a.m., lunch; healthy bones/balance, 2 p.m.. Thursday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15a.m.; lunch, 10:15-11:15 a.m. Friday: yoga/pilates mat work, 10:30 a.m.; canasta, 12:30 p.m. HAMPDEN Senior Center 104 Allen St. 413-566-5588. Hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: Mary Lee Walsh, from State Senator Eric Lesser's office, visits the Senior Center the fourth Wednesday of the month. COA: Jan. 10. Hair Cuts by Dolly: Call 413-566-8117 for an appointment. Dolly is also available to come to your home. Acrylic Painting Classes Every Thursday: $15 per session, all materials are supplied, class size is limited, sign up at front desk, 12-2 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minutes for $10 Reiki: Call Carleen for appointment at 413-525-7345. Outreach: Wendy Turer, Mon-Fri, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. VOLUNTEER DRIVERS: Please call Wendy with questions or to sign up as a driver to take older adults to medical appointments. Friends of Hampden Seniors Group: It is time to renew your membership. Forms are available at the front desk, $5. OUTREACH AND WELLNESS CORNER Brown Bag: Jan. 17, 1 p.m. Blood Pressure: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 10-11 a.m., free, provided by Silver Linings Home Care. S.H.I.N.E.: Call for an appointment with Becky if you need help navigating the Medicare maze. MERCY: Every Wednesday 11:00 a.m.-noon FARMERS MARKET: Jan. 13, Feb. 10, Mar. 10, and Apr. 7, 10 a.m.-noon John Hicklen: Jan. 10, 10 a.m.-noon, free 20 minute financial consultations. Fallon Insurance: Jan. 17, 10 a.m. ACTIVITY CORNER Bridge: Mondays, 9:30 a.m. looking for players. Bingo: Thursdays, noon, .50 a card. Bunco: Will be back in the spring. Call or sign up at front desk. Canasta: Tuesdays, 12:30 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minute massage for $10. Chair Yoga: Tuesdays, 11a.m., $5 per class. Choral Group: Mondays, 2:45 p.m. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Genealogy: First and third Thursdays, noon. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Jewelry: 3rd Tuesday, 9:30-11 a.m., $3 per class plus cost of the beads. Knitting: Mondays, 9 a.m. Line Dancing: Thursdays, 2 p.m., $3 per person. (Nov. 3, cancelled). Mahjong: Fridays, noon, will teach anyone interested Manicure/Pedicure: call Cathy at 413-335-7422. Pitch: Wednesdays, sign up at 11:45 a.m., play starts at 12:15 p.m., cost $2. Pool, Ladies: Tuesdays, 9 a.m. Pool, Men: Thursdays, 9 a.m. Quilting: Fridays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Shuffleboard: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. weather permitting. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Strength Training: Tuesdays, noon, $5 Tai Chi: Mondays, advanced class 10 a.m., beginner class 11:15 a.m., cost $5. Trivia: Wednesdays, 10 a.m. Water Color: Mondays and Wednesdays, 12:30 p.m. Weight Training: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m., $3. Yoga: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1 p.m., $5 per class. Zumba Gold: Mondays noon, $5. Movies, Mondays at 12:15 Jan. 9: Hunt for the Wilderpeople Jan. 23: Wild Oats Jan. 30: Fathers & Daughters UPCOMING EVENTS: call 413-566-5588 or sign up at front desk for all our events Jan. 2-6: The Center will be closed for carpet installation Jan. 11, Feb. 8, March 15, April 5: Memoir Writing Class, 10-11:30 a.m., $20 for all 4 sessions, space is limited call to sign up. Jan. 13,20: The Journey A Memory Cafe, 9:30 a.m.- 2 p.m., the cafe will provide conversation, light refreshments and various activities, RSVP required. Jan. 19: Lunch and Learn, 11:15 a.m. Jan. 23: National Pie Day, $2 Jan. 26: National Blueberry Pancake Day, 9 a.m., cost $3 Jan. 27: AMP Reunion Jan. 30: National Yodeling Day, Lunch at 11:30 a.m., call or sign up at the front desk, cost $5. Jan. 30, Feb. 1: Water Color Class with Joyce emerle, 12:30-3 p.m., material list available at front desk, $80 for 8 weeks Scantic River Artisans: exhibiting local creativity, Gala Opening Exhibit Jan. 21, 4-7 p.m., light refreshments will be served, 104 Allen St, Hampden, to sign up for this event please call 413-566-5588, for additional information please leave a message on 413-205-7985. TRIPS WITH BOBBI GRANT: Call Bobbi at 413-566-8271 or email bobijg2@chartner.net 2017 Possibilities: Let Bobbi know your favorites: Apr.: Maple and Butterflies, brunch at Parkers Maple Barn, Sugar House Tour, Corn Cob gift shop, indoor Garden Butterfly Place, Bolton Orchards, $67/pp. May, 25: The Gatlin Bros. Indian Ranch, Webster, Ma, BBQ Lunch, reserve show seats, $89/pp. June 15: Doo-Wop Revue with The Corvettes, Delicious Family Style lunch at The Aqua Turf Club, hi energy show, door prizes, and dancing, $77/pp. June 25: Cape Cod canal Cruise, lunch, Dixie Land Band on board, $? 3rd week in July: Barge on Potter Pond, So. Kingstown, RI, lunch at Cap'n Jacks, Narragansett Pier Marketplace, $89/pp. 2nd week in Aug.: Hall of Fame at Patriot Place, interactive exhibits, Gillette Stadium/Gift Shop, lunch at Lucianos, free time at Wrentham Outlets, $69/pp. Aug. 22: Newport Playhouse, fantastic buffet lunch with lobster, reserve seats for performance of Baggage, Cabaret (2nd show), $95/pp. Sept.: Blue Man Group, sat matinee, lunch at Maggian Little Italy, hilarious show at The Charles Theater, $? Sept: Thimble Island Cruise, USS Nautilus, Submarine Museum, waterfront lunch at the Maritime Grille, Narrated cruise, $73/pp. max 48 passangers. Oct.: Cranberries and Foliage, lunch on Plymouth Harbor at Taven on the Wharf, Bog Tour at A D Makepeace, Tihonet Village Market, $79/pp. Oct. 25: Lakeside Turkey Train, Lake Winnipesaukee Scenic Train Ride, dinner on board, visit Anheuser Busch Brewery, $86/pp., max 48 passengers. Nov. 14: Cher and Elvis, lunch at The Aqua Turf Club, complimentary glass of wine or beer, Vegas style show, door prizes, $76/pp. Danbury Mall Shopping: date ?, lunch on own, $? Mohegan Sun Casino: date ?, Flanders Market for lunch, free, time at casino, $?. TRAVEL CLUB May 18, 2017: London and Paris. Jun. 2017: Northern California, trains and wineries. Sep. 8, 2017: American Cowboy Country, 8 days, Yellowstone, Mt. Rushmore, Badlands National Park and more. Oct. 27, 2017: Hawaii. Call for fliers or pick one up at the HSC. HARDWICK Senior Center 179 Main St. Box 524, Gilbertville 413-477-6707. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Bingo, 9:30 a.m.; bocce ball, 9:30 a.m. Tuesday: Art lessons 9-11 a.m.; games, 10-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m. Wednesday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m.; Wii fitness, 10 a.m.; line dancing, 10 a.m.; pitch, 12:15 p.m. Thursday: London Rummy; 10 a.m.; scat, noon. Friday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m. HOLLAND Senior Center 40 Brimfield Road, 413-245-3163. Hours: Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS Movie Night: $10 for a group, $5 for individual and $3 for seniors, popcorn and drinks included, feel free to bring blankets, pillows, camp chairs, sleeping bags or dinner. Prescription Advantage: As a Prescription Advantage member you are entitled to a one time Special Election Period each year that allows you to join or change your Medicare drug plan outside of Medicares open enrollment period. To Join Prescription Advantage or if you have any questions please call Prescription Advantage Customer Service at 1-800-243-4636 and press 2. TTY (toll free) for the deaf and hard of hearing at 1-877-610-0241. New-Open Crafts: Two Saturdays a month from 9 a.m.-noon. Stay tuned for dates. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Mondays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; Texas Hold'em, 6 p.m. Tuesdays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays: Yoga, 5 p.m.; pitch, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; quilting, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Thursdays: Stained glass, 6-9 p.m.; walking club, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. LUDLOW Senior Center 37 Chestnut St., 413-583-3564. The Senior Center is now open Tuesday nights until 7:30 p.m. Activity Volunteers Wanted: We are looking for volunteers to help set up and run the following activities: chair volleyball, bean bag baseball and ladder toss. If interested, please see Carla for details. Alice Boutique: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. The boutique accepts donations of gently used or new clothing and merchandise. Drop off donations at the front desk. Fitness Room: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., $10 sign up fee, completed doctors form and a one time orientation on equipment and room standards. Pen Pals: We are looking for volunteers to be pen pals with a class at Chapin Street School. The project is still in the works but the goal would be to exchange letters with the class over the span of a few months and meet during Global Play Day in February. If you are interested sign up at the front desk and Sarah will contact you with more details. RMV Near Me: Transactions are license renewals, registration renewals, change of address, duplicate license or registration and how to report a lost or stolen disability placard. Mon. Nov. 14, 1-3p.m. and Wed. Nov. 23, 9-11 a.m. Evening Volleyball: Monday and Thursday at 5:30 p.m., cost is $20 for the season, held at the East Street School SPECIAL LUNCHES MEDICAL SERVICES Pedicure with Town Nurses: Every Tuesday, by appointment, for Ludlow residents only. Pedicures are $10. Diabetics are required to provide a note from their doctors before a pedicure can be given. Call the Center for an appointment time. Blood Pressure Checks: Tuesday and Thursdays, 1-2 p.m. Massage Therapy: Every Monday with Meaghan Murphy. 15 minutes of massage for $10 or 30 minutes for $20. Call the center to schedule an appointment. Hearing Clinic: Deb Stroetzel, from Wing Medical Center provides answers to questions you have regarding your hearing, appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. MEETINGS & SUPPORT GROUPS Triad Meeting: Jan. 25, 10 a.m. Veterans Agent Office Hours: Jan. 25, 10:30 a.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: 2nd Thurs. of each month 10:30 a.m. SHINE: Every other Monday, call for an appointment. Brown Bag Program: Jan. 17 , from 1-3 p.m. Brown Bag helps those over the age of 55 who meet income guidelines. Applications are available at the Senior Center. Pick-up is the third Tuesday of each month. $3 suggested donation. This program is offered through the Food Bank of MA. Council On Aging Board Meeting: Jan. 18, Third Wednesday of the month at 4:30 p.m. Men's Breakfast Club: Last Friday of the month at 8:30 a.m. Sites alternate between Ludlow and Wilbraham. Jan. 27, 8:30 a.m. in Ludlow. Friends of the Ludlow Senior Center: Second Wednesday of the month at 10 a.m., Jan. 11. OUTREACH The Ludlow Lost Citizen Alert Program: The program was developed by the Ludlow Police Dept. and Ludlow COA, and is designed to provide rapid response in locating cognitively impaired residents who have been reported missing. Stop by the Senior Center or Ludlow Police Dept. for a registration form. All information is kept confidential. File of Life Forms: This vital tool provides emergency personnel with your health and insurance information. Everyone should have one on their fridge and in their purse or pocket. Forms are available at the center. Please stop by to pick one up. We can help fill it out as well. SPECIAL EVENTS Jan. 10: Paraffin Was Hand Treatments, 1 p.m., preregistration is required, free Jan. 18: Senior Center Update, 10:30 a.m. Jan. 20: Trivia, 10:30 A.M. Jan. 25: Jewelry with Sandy Merrill 9:30 a.m. MOVIE SCHEDULE 1:15 p.m. Jan. 9: Florence Foster Jenkins Jan. 23: A Man Called Ove Jan. 30: Southside With You MUST SEE MOVIES ON THURSDAYS 1:15 p.m. Jan. 5: Night At The Opera Jan. 19: Words and Music TRANSPORTATION SERVICE Big Y/Randall's: Every Tuesday and Thursday. Departs 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. When you make your reservation include which stop you prefer. SENIOR CENTER TRIPS DAYTIME SPECIAL EVENTS Anyone Interested: Are you interested in line dancing classes or would like to just dance with others? Let us know if Thursdays after 1:15 p.m. work. Also, we have a few people looking to play Mah jongg. If you want to learn or play casually, let us know what days and times work best for you. Mindfulness Meditation: Book Club: 2nd and 4th Friday of the month, 1:30 p.m. TRX Fusion: Tuesday and Friday, 9 a.m., $3 a session, see Sarah for details. Monday Pitch Group: 1 p.m.; $2 entry fee each week. Call the Senior Center at 583-3564 for more information. Line Dancing and Mah jongg are coming in 2017 Cribbage Group: Moving to Fridays 1 p.m. Self Care Yoga: Thursdays, 10-10:45 a.m., $39 for 13 sessions or $5 drop in rate. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Fitness room, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.; knitting, 9 a.m.-noon; massage appointments, 9:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; dominoes, 10-11:00 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 9-ball round robin billiards and round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; pedicures by appointment, 8:30 a.m.; quilting, 9-11:30 a.m.; bean bag baseball, 10 a.m.; lunch, noon; round robin billiards 12:30 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; blood pressure 1-2 p.m. Wednesday: Fitness room and open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; pitch, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9-9:45; womens billiards, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; Yoga 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 8-ball round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; choral group, 1-2 p.m.; ceramics, 1 p.m. Friday: Fitness room/open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon.; coloring club, 1-4 p.m.; chair volleyball, 1:15 p.m. MONSON Senior Center 106 Main St., 413-267-4121. Birthdays: Second Tuesday. Let us know if it is your birthday. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Knitting/crocheting, 10 a.m.; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; art, 1 p.m., $2.; craft & laugh night, 6-8 p.m. Tuesday: Foot care, first Tuesday, by appointment; $28; Reflexology, third Tuesday, 10 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; birthday parties, second Tuesday; canasta, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1 p.m., $5; Craft & Laugh night, 6-8 p.m.; ceramics, 6 p.m., $3. Wednesday: Health screening/blood pressure, second Wednesday, by appointment, donations accepted; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; zumba gold, 4 p.m., $5. Thursday: Ceramics, 9:30 a.m., $3; chair massage, every other Thursday, 11 a.m., $5 for 10 minutes; reike, first Thursday, 11:30 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; lunch bunch, second Thursday of the month; movie, first Thursday of the month, 1 p.m.; Woodwackers, 6-8 p.m., $10 membership fee per year. Friday: Chair exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, 12:30. MONTAGUE Gill-Montague Senior Center 62 Fifth St., Turners Falls, 413-863-9357 or 413-863-4500. Hours/Website: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m.; MontagueMA.net. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. Tuesday: Walking group (weather permitting), 9 a.m.; chair yoga, 10:30 a.m. Wednesday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m. Friday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. NORTHAMPTON Senior Services & Senior Center 67 Conz St., (413) 587-1228; fax 413-587-1233 Hours: Weekdays, 8:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Photo Club: Join us on the first Friday of each month, 1:30-3:30 p.m., a place for photographers of all levels to share their work. Mystery Book Club: Creative Writing: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon, Movie: Movie Rentals: Join the movie club for a one time fee of $5 and the rent popular DVDs for just $1, ask to see the list of more than 600 movies at the receptionists desk Interfaith Help: Each Tuesday afternoon through May, 1 p.m. Caregiver Support Group: Tuesdays, 10 a.m., preregistration is required, please call 413-455-1936 ext. 104 SHINE: Fridays, 9 a.m.-noon, by appointment only Landscape for Life: fee based classes begin in October, open to the general public call for more information. Walking Group: Come walking, the best exercise! Ellen Dickinson leads a 45 minute moderately paced walk around Northampton every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 10 a.m. from Northampton Senior Services. All seniors with a scan card are welcome to join in this fun and free group. Good Neighbor Energy Fund: Emergency financial assistance for Northampton seniors age 60 and older. Call Michel Dihlmann at 413-587-1226. Computer One on One Appointments: Call for appt., small fee. Artist of the Month: Chess Lessons: John Boucher and Michael Posner continue chess lessons at the Northampton Senior Center! Each month they are here on the second and fourth Friday from 1:30-3:30 p.m. All players are welcome, including beginners. On Break for Nov. Evening Yoga Classes: Yoga instructor Donna Edgarton leads an effective 7 p.m. evening yoga class that is safe for seniors of all ages, and abilities. Donna is a Kripalu certified yoga instructor and a certified occupational therapy assistant with a strong background in dance. She has been practicing and teaching yoga for many years and is passionate about sharing this discipline with people as they search for their physical, mental and spiritual health. Classes will continue on monthly basis and the cost for all four classes is $30 for Northampton seniors and $35 for non-residents and those ages 55-89. A drop in option is also available. Tea Time Tuesdays: Come relax, share in good conversation and enjoy a hot cup of tea or coffee. Afternoon tea will continue each Tuesday from 2:45-3:45 p.m. Free with scan card. Zumba Gold: Classes with Johnna Paulsen continue with a new time slot at Northampton Senior Services. This is a modified, low impact version of the Zumba fitness program, combined with Latin and International music and dance moves. Class is fun and no dance experience is necessary. Classes meet Wednesday afternoons from 1-2 p.m. and are open to resident and non-resident seniors. Option to pay by the month or per class. Please call 413-587-1228 for more information or if you have any questions. Adult Coloring: Each Wednesday from 7-8:30 p.m. A selection of coloring books and art supplies will be provided. Participants are welcome to bring their own books and supplies. Free for all seniors with a scan card. Meditation Sessions: Certified meditation instructor and teacher in the Shambala tradition, Carl Nardiello continues meditation classes on Monday afternoons at 1:30 pm. No previous experience is necessary, just a willingness to try something that can be extremely helpful in navigating our daily lives and can enable us to make the most of our energy and time. Meditation has many benefits for our mental and physical well being. Classes are open to resident and non-resident seniors as well as those ages 55-59. A four week session is $20 for Northampton residents and $25 for non-residents and 55-59. A drop in option is also available. Chair Volleyball Returns: Join us Tuesday afternoons at 2 p.m. Tap Classes: Many levels of tap taught by Carol Butler Watelet will be offered on Wednesday and Thursdays. Upcoming Events DAY TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 Jan. 21, 2017: Beautiful, The Carole King Musical, The Bushnell Theater in CT., prior to the show we will enjoy lunch at The Chowder Pot in Hartford, cost $143. Deadline to sign up is Jan. 9. Save the Date: June 2017, The Tall Ships come to Boston. EXTENDED TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 May 21, 2017: Mackinac Island, cost $595, 7 day bus trip with 4 consecutive days in Northern Michagan, $75 will reserve your seat. Aug. 20, 2017: Bermuda Cruise, cost $1269 for double occupancy, $350 will reserve your cabin (rescheduled from June). WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; creative writing, 10 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; computer tutor, 11 a.m.; needle workshop, 1 p.m.; meditation, 1:30 p.m.; coloring for adults, 2 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; cup of conversation, 9:30 a.m.; stretch & tone, 10 a.m.; caregiver support group, 10 a.m (preregister).; walking group, 10 a.m.; dancing with Joan, 11 a.m.; duplicate bridge , noon; sewing workshop, 12:30 p.m. (preregister); pitch, 1 p.m.; tea time, 2:45 p.m. Wednesday: Dynamics Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; digital photography 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; beginner tap, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 12:30 p.m.; Scrabble, 1 p.m.; Timeless Tunes, 1 p.m.; zumba gold 1 p.m.; Feldenkrais, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Thursday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; benefits counseling by appointment, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 10 a.m.; walking group 10 a.m.; wisdom project, 10 a.m.; knitting drop-in, 10 a.m.; third year tap, 11:30 a.m.; contact bridge, noon; second year tap, 12:30 p.m.; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:30 p.m.; intermediate tap, 1:30 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Friday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; duplicate bridge, 12 p.m.; visit from Dewey the therapy dog; 12:30 p.m.; gentle chair yoga, 1 p.m.; Senior Gay Men's Drop-in Group, 1 p.m.; yoga, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. PALMER Senior Center 29 Central St., 413-283-2670 or online at townofpalmer.com. Weather Policy: If schools are closed due to weather, the center is closed and there is no van service or meal service. The staff reports to work and will be available by phone. If the Town Hall is closed, then the center will also be closed with no staff reporting. Alterations: Tuesdays, 1:30-2:30 p.m., or to make alternate arrangements, call Sandy at 413-289-6319. Free tips to Live Healthier: Log in from your own computer for two hours a week and learn how to reduce pain, eat well and talk with your doctors so you can live healthier, sign up today, restartliving.org/Massachusetts.php Van Rides: Please remember to schedule out of town van appointments for earlier in the day; the van needs to be back at the center by 4 p.m. If you need to get to an important appointment call PVTA @ 1-866-277-7741. SPECIAL PROGRAMS/SPEAKERS Emergency Preparedness Kits: Thanks to the EOEA Formula Grant we have Red Cross Emergency Kits available. Learn about the contents, effective usage of supplies, kit maintenance and storage requirements from Ruth Amador, RN and you will receive a kit. Wish List: We need coffee, regular/decaf, sugar, flour, canned pumpkin, maple syrup, quart storage bags, sandwich bags, large/small paper plates, and items for our birthday bags. Thanks to all who donate. Need a Carbon Monoxide Detector?: Call the Senior Center and the Palmer Fire Dept. will come and install a free detector if you need one. Line Dancing: every Thursday at 1 p.m., cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. Foxwoods: Jan. 17., $27 per person, and includes round trip motor coach, bonus package and gratuity, 8 a.m. pick up at the corner of Main and Bridge St, returning home by 6 p.m. Make checks payable to Friends of the Palmer Senior Center, no refunds. Zoo On The Go: Jan. 18, Forest Park Zoo, 12:30 p.m., free. Caring For Your Feet: Dr. Lauren Peria will give a presentation about foot health and prevention, 12:15 p.m. Regift Day: Jan. 11, 12:15 p.m., did you get a gift that you really didn't like or need for Christmas? Bring your gift in and we will swap gifts and maybe you will get something you like. Soup Swap: Jan. 19, noon. Come and enjoy soup, salad and fresh break. Please bring 2 quarts of your favorite homemade soups to share along with a copy of the reciepe, there will be a prize for the best tasting soup. Hand Wax Paraffin: Night Time Pitch: Jan. 19, 6 p.m. Movie Day 12:30 Jan. 9: 12:30 p.m., Me Before You Jan. 23: My Big Fat Greek Wedding Month of January 2017 Calendar Raffle: will go on sale in November, they make great gifts for only $5 and you have 31 chances to win. Book Club, 2nd Wed. of the month : Jan. 11, 1:30 p.m., Todd Smola: Jan. 9, 10 a.m. Tyler Wolanin: Jan. 11, 12:30 p.m. TRIPS March 14: Saint Patrick Lunch and show, Aqua Turf Club and a family style luncheon, $85. May 19-26, 2017: Bermuda 7 day cruise, cost $1195 per person and includes insurance and transportation to the dock in Boston, final payment due March 3, 2017, the center will help fill out the application for passport form, deadline is Dec. 1. June: Ogunquit, ME, in the planning stage, playhouse and dinner along the ocean at fosters. Sept. 10-16: Pigeon forge and Smoky Mountains Show Trip, $565 pp double occupancy, 7 days, 6 nights, 6 breakfast, 4 dinners, 5 shows, historic downtown Gatlinburg, and a guided tour of the Great Smoky Mountain National Park, $75 due upon signing, add $180 for single occupancy, final payment due July 3. Trip insurance available at additional cost. HEALTH & FITNESS CLASSES: YMCA Strength Training: Mon. & Wed. from 10-11 a.m. This one hour class is conducted by certified instructors from the YMCA. This class is appropriate for all levels of ability. Weights are provided by senior center. Cost is only $2.00 per class payable at the front desk. Tai Chi: Every Thursday from 10:30-11:15 a.m. This free class is sponsored by LifeCare of Wilbraham & Stacia Cantin, Certified Tai Chi Instructor. Arthritis/Range of Motion: Tuesdays, 10-11 a.m., free Swimming at the YMCA: Tues/Thurs from 1-3 p.m. for Palmer Senior Center attendees. Cost only $3. Payable at the YMCA. Walking Group: Tuesday and Friday , 9-10 am. Dave Ridz, Walking Champion will be leading this group. HEALTH CLINICS Blood Glucose Clinic: Jan. 9, 9 a.m.-noon Fallon Health: Blood Pressure: Every Wednesday from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Ruth Amador, RN will be available to take blood pressure readings. (Third Wednesday of month from 9-11:30 a.m.) Ruth will help you w/any questions you may have pertaining to your health or medications. No appointment necessary. Foot Care: Jan. 5, by appointment starting at 8:30 a.m., $29, diabetics welcome but must have permission slip signed by a doctor, home visits available to shut ins. Free Hearing Screening: Jan. 12, 11:15 a.m.-noon, hearing aid batteries are available for only $2.50 for a package of four. Massage Therapy: Jan. 5,19, 11 a.m.-1:15 p.m., ten minute chair message for $5, call to schedule an appointment SUPPORT SERVICES: Veteran's Agent: Palmer's Veteran's Agent, Debbie has left her position in Palmer. We will be working with the new agent for future appointments.here at the Senior Center.. Volunteer Drivers: Available to drive you to medical/doctor appointments, grocery shopping or the pharmacy; call to set up a ride. Emergency Preparedness Kits: Call the center if you have not received one. Free Legal Assistance: Jan. 10, 8:30-9:30 a.m., you must call to schedule an appointment. Computer Classes: Every Thursday (except the 3rd Thurs.) at 10:45 a.m. Call to sign up. Breakfast: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9:15 a.m., $2 donation. Lunch: Every Mon. and Wed. and Fri., 11:30 a.m., call 2 days in advance. Brown Bag: Jan. 13, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. SHINE: Jan. 24 , 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Van Service: daily van is available Mon. through Fri. 8 a.m.-3:30 p.m., no can 11:30 a.m.-noon, call to schedule. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Cards: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 8:30 a.m. Trivia: Every Fri., 12:30 p.m. Coloring: Every Mon. (except movie day), noon Movies: First and third Mon. of every month at 12:30 p.m. Line Dancing: Every Thur., 1 p.m. Book Club: Every 2nd Wed. of the month, 1:30 p.m. Bingo: Every Mon., 12:30-3 p.m. Pool: Every Mon., 1-3 p.m. Painting Class: Every Tue., 1 p.m., $2 payable to the instructor. Quilting Class: Every Fri., 1 p.m. Crafts: Tue., 9 a.m., Dominoes: Wed. and Fri., 12:30 p.m. Cribbage: Wed., following lunch around 12:30 p.m. Depot Group: call center for information Pitch League: Every Tue., 12:30 p.m., thru Nov. 29. Zumba: Friday's 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., $5 per class payable to the instructior. Line Dancing: Thursdays 1 p.m. cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. SHELBURNE FALLS Senior Center 7 Maine St., Shelburne Falls, 01370 413-625-2502 Hours: Open Mon.-Thurs., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. SPECIAL EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: introductory Tai Chi, 9:30.; Tai Chi, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, noon; drumming, 1 p.m. Tuesdays: Greenfield shopping trip; Veteran's agent, 9-11 a.m.; computer lab open on various topics, 9-11a.m., preregistration required.; exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, noon. Wednesdays: In town shopping; Yoga, 8:30 a.m., tai chi in Ashfield, 9:30 a.m., healthy bones/balance, 10 a.m. Thursday: Yoga, 8:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9 a.m.; healthy bones/balance in Ashfield, 9:30 a.m., exercise, 10 a.m.; knitting 10:30 a.m.; bingo, 12:15 p.m. SOUTH COUNTY Senior Center 67 North Main St., South Deerfield, 01373-1012, 413-665-2141. Hours: Open Mon., Wed. and Fri., 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aging Gracefully: Free support group, every other Monday, 6:30-9 p.m. Seeking Meals on Wheels Drivers: Receive a small stipend and mileage reimbursement. Wish list: Coffee & tea, regular and decaffeinated, small paper plates, cups, crackers and assorted snacks for morning coffee time, and bark mulch for front of building.. HEALTH INFORMATION Flu Clinics: Town of Deerfield Nurses Office on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.; home visits are available, contact Lisa White at (413) 665-1400, ext. 114, for more info. Nurse: Available at Deerfield Town Hall Wednesdays, Nov. 23,10 a.m.-2 p.m., no appointment needed. LifePath Inc.: offers assistance through the Benefits Counseling program for income eligible seniors age 60 and up. Also they can help file applications for fuel assistance. Call 413-773-555or email info@LifePathMA.org. Community Health Care of Franklin County: offers medical and dental care to all ages regardless of insurance status or income. Located in Turners Falls, Orange and Greenfield, call 413-325-8500. SHINE: Call Bonnie, 413-773-5555, ext. 2287, to schedule an appointment. Free drug collection: Safely dispose of unwanted medications at the police station in Deerfield and Sunderland, no questions asked. Food Bank of Western Mass: There are area agencies that offer free hot meals and provide free groceries, call 1-800-247-9632 for info. Amherst Survival Center Free Health Clinic: Open Mondays, 12:30-1:30 p.m. and Thursdays 5-6 p.m. AEIOU Urgent Medical Care: Located at 170 University Drive, Amherst, (413) 461-3530 and 489 Bernardston Road, Greenfield, 413-773-1394. TRIAD: Assistive programs for seniors, call 413-774-4726. Franklin County Home Care: Offers assistance through Benefits Counseling Program and can help file applications for fuel assistance and find additional ways to save money, call 413-773-555 or email: info@fchcc.org; fchcc.org. New Veterans Agent Hours: Every third Wednesday from 12:30-2 p.m. No appointment necessary. Stroke Education: please call Sue if you have questions 413-665-9508. Balance In Motion: Oct. 7-Jan. 27, 2017, 9:30-10:30, a gentle form of exercise for body and mind, offered to those 55 years of age and up, please call 413-665-2141 to sign up or for more information. Foot Clinic: please call 413-665-9508 in advance for appointment. Seated Yoga: Thursdays from 10:45-11:45 a.m. with Marcia Gobeil. $8 walk in or $36 for six weeks. Call 413-665-2141 for more information. TRAVEL CLUB Farm Stand Fridays: 11-1 p.m., every Friday we have free vegetables available for seniors donated by Atlas Farm Stand. Movie: Monthly Tea Socials: Sewing Group: Knitting Circle: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon at the Sunderland Library. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Card games, 9 a.m.; exercise, 10 a.m.; water painting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Card games, 9 a.m; exercise, 10 a.m. Thursday: Seated yoga, 10:45 a.m., $8 walk-in or $36 for six weeks. Friday: Card games, 9 a.m.; bingo, 9:30 a.m.; balance in motion, 9:30 a.m.; healthy bones/balance exercise, 10:30 a.m.; social hour, 1 p.m. SOUTHAMPTON Council on Aging 210 College Highway, 413-529-2105. Hours: Mon.-Thurs., 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Comfort doll knitting, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Osteo exercise class, 9 a.m. Wednesday: TOPS (take off pounds sensibly), 10 a.m.; Bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Computer class, 10 a.m. Sign up in advance. WALES Senior Center 3 Hollow Road, 413-245-9683. Bingo: 3rd Tuesday of each month, 10 a.m., win prizes, make friends & have fun, $1 a board. Blood Pressure Clinic: Free, 3rd Thursday of each month, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Massage: 1st Tuesday of each month, 10 minutes, $5, appointment necessary, please call 413-245-9683. Foot Clinic: 1st Wednesday of each month, $30. Call for appointment, 413-245-9683. Monthly Birthday: Fourth Tuesday of each month, 12:30 p.m., cake and birthday recognition will be given out, feel free to join us for lunch prior to the party, sign up for lunch AND party no later than 2 days prior. Outreach Coordinator: Wednesdays and Thursdays by appointment, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., for fuel assistance and SNAP applications, etc. Trips: Call the Senior Center at 413-245-9683 for the latest information. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9:30 a.m., $2 donation; cribbage, 1-3 p.m.; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m.; SHINE councilor on staff for medical questions 1-3 p.m. by appt., (413) 245-9683. Tuesday: Lunch, noon, $3, must call the morning before to sign up, no exceptions, please; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday: Breakfast 2nd and 4th Wed., 7:45-9:45 a.m., $3, call for reservations; Food Pantry, 10 a.m. - noon; Chair Yoga, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; Pitch League, noon-3 p.m.; mini gym, noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday: Chair dancing, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; lunch, noon, $3; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. WARE Senior Center 1 Robbins Road, 413-967-9645. Contact: townofware.com, click on “departments,” then “council on aging”. Van Rides: Need a ride? Call 413-967-9645. Please give two days notice, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9 a.m., $4; scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; book club, last Monday of the month, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; yoga, 1 p.m., $5; Bingo 4:30- 8 p.m. Tuesday: Scat, 9 a.m.; osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; COA Board meeting, third Tuesday, 9:30 a.m.; chair massage, first and third Tuesday, 10 a.m.-noon, 30 minutes, $30, call for appointment; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m.; Writer's Club, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Foot nurse 8:30 a.m., every other month, call for appointment; tai chi, 9 a.m., $4.; Scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; birthday party, third Wednesday of the month, 11 a.m.; Walgreens blood pressure check/presentation, first Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.; Bingo,12:30 p.m.; blood drive, first Wednesday, 1-6 p.m. Thursday: Osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; line dancing, 10 a.m., $3; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Friday: Scat, 9 a.m.; lawn games, 9 a.m.; movie, 9:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Brown Bag program, second Friday, 11 a.m. WEST BROOKFIELD Senior Center 73 Central St. 508-867-1407. Clinics: Lipid panel and blood glucose screening, 12-hour fasting required, call 413-967-2488 for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. ham radio, 7 p.m. Wednesday: Brown Bag It, noon; Wii, 10 a.m.; Crafty Ladies, 1 p.m., blood pressure, 11 a.m.; Silvertones, 1 p.m; veterans agent, 1 p.m. Thursday: Tai chi, 8:30 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Friday: Wii, 10 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m. WILBRAHAM Senior Center 45 Post Office Park, 413-596-8379. Alzheimer's Support Group: Last Tuesday of each month, 2-3 p.m., in the Brooks Room of the Wilbraham Library. Book Club: Third Thursday of the month, 2:30 - 3:30 p.m.. COA Board: First Wednesday, 4 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS: Chair Massage: First Friday, $10 for 10 minutes, call to register. Blood Pressure Reading: Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-noon. Foot Care Nurses: available for home visits, $29, appointment needed. Reflexology: First and third Friday of each month, $10 for 15 minutes, call to make and appointment. Lunch: Monday, Tuesday, 11:45 a.m., reservations must be made the week prior. Quilting Club: Second and fourth Thursday, 1 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gentle walking, noon; pitch, 12:30 p.m.; rug making, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Around Town; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; aerobics, 10:40 a.m.; blood pressure readings, 11 a.m.; knitting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Walmart; tai chi, 9 a.m.; Gentle Exercise class, 10:15 a.m.; line dance, 1:40 p.m.; zumba, 2 p.m. Thursday: Stop & Shop; tap dance, 9:30 a.m.; jazz class, 10 a.m.; chair exercises, 10 a.m.; dominoes, 11:30 a.m.; support group, 1 p.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Friday: Men's Breakfast Club, 8:30 a.m.; SHINE, 9 a.m.; zumba gold, 10:30 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 1:40 p.m. Mail items to The Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01102-1329, fax to 413-788-1301 or email to pluspapers@repub.com MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Search for Community events Select a Start Date See All Events  » Submit Your Events  » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video U.S. Politics Home» News» World Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took off the roof on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/AP) Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took off the roof on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/AP) severe weather Crews assess damage after deadly tornadoes, floods kill five in U.S. Add to ... Jeff Amy The Associated Press Published Tuesday, Jan. 03, 2017 9:47AM EST Last updated Tuesday, Jan. 03, 2017 11:08AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the centre’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Raw footage of Toronto panda playing with snowman (The Associated Press)   More Related to this Story 8It’s time to confront the exploitation of B.C.’s environment Gwyn Morgan Three post-truths about global energy and climate change UNITED STATES Bad weather prevents search of Lake Erie for plane carrying six people Topics Mississippi State of Georgia Houston, Texas Louisiana Florida Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Good Folks Coffee Butchertown Grocery Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... U.S. & World NewsMore>> Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:39 GMT Donald Trump's feud with civil rights icon John Lewis is highlighting the president-elect's willingness to attack any and all political rivals even with his inauguration less than a week away.More >> The outgoing CIA director charged on Sunday that Donald Trump lacks a full understanding of the threat Moscow poses to the United States, delivering a public lecture to the president-elect that further highlighted the...More >> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:11 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:56 PM EST2017-01-16 01:56:14 GMT This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:23 GMT The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion...More >> The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion people,...More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:26 PM EST2017-01-15 21:26:03 GMT Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:16 PM EST2017-01-15 21:16:11 GMT More than 70 world diplomats are gathering in Paris to urge renewed Middle East peace talks that would lead to a Palestinian state.More >> Sending a forceful message to Israel's prime minister and the incoming Trump administration, dozens of countries called Sunday on Israel and the Palestinians to revive work toward long-elusive peace - including an...More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >>    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - KSWO, Lawton, OK- Wichita Falls, TX: News, Weather, Sports. ABC, 24/7, Telemundo - Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Ultimate Women’s Gift Package Ultimate Men's Gift Package News Local News Oklahoma Headlines National Viral News International Tech Political Stories from the Associated Press A Child Who Hopes Entertainment CNN Videos Recalls Weather My SkyWarn 7 Radar Online 24/7 Live Streaming Weather Video 5th Season Weather FAQ Sports High School Sports Cameron Oklahoma Sports Headlines National Sports OU OSU OKC Thunder Texas Sports Headlines Cowboys Rangers Video 7 News Video On Demand Viral News Medwatch Medwatch Articles Medwatch Videos MedWatch Blog Business Community Lifestyle Lost and Found 7News Editorial What's On Programming Schedule 7-Too Programming guide Telemundo Program Guide abc.com About Us On-Air Staff Bios KSWO-TV Coverage Map KSWO Job Listings EEO Report Closed Captioning on KSWO 7 News 7News app update How to use the SkyWARN 7 weather app Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms 2017-01-03T23:38:45Z2017-01-03T23:38:45Z ADVERTISEMENT Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South More Slideshow: Slideshow: Severe storms slam South (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Also on the WebMore>> breaking 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 10:17 AM EST2017-01-03 15:17:22 GMT (Source: Rickey Stokes News) Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. National, world weatherWeather and disaster coverageMore>> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:12 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:12 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern): By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern): Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:39 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:39 GMT Ice buildups of one-quarter to slightly less than a half inch were expected late Saturday and Sunday morning from southeastern Kansas to central Missouri. Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts. Viral videos: Obviously, polar bears are fans of snow Viral videos: Obviously, polar bears are fans of snow Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:19 AM EST2017-01-15 16:19:21 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:19 AM EST2017-01-15 16:19:21 GMT Zoos are full of animals that like the cold, so when snow descends on a zoo that houses animals that can tolerate the cold weather, we get a gift in the form of animals flipping out over snow. Zoos are full of animals that like the cold, so when snow descends on a zoo that houses animals that can tolerate the cold weather, we get a gift in the form of animals flipping out over snow. Heavy snow forces cancellation of men's downhill at Wengen Heavy snow forces cancellation of men's downhill at Wengen Posted: Saturday, January 14 2017 12:35 PM EST2017-01-14 17:35:25 GMT Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 12:35 PM EST2017-01-14 17:35:25 GMT The World Cup men's downhill on the classic Lauberhorn course Saturday has been canceled due to heavy snowfall and fog. The World Cup men's circuit lost one of its defining races Saturday when heavy snowfall forced the classic Lauberhorn downhill to be canceled. Freezing rain causes accidents, closures in southern Plains Freezing rain causes accidents, closures in southern Plains Freezing rain moved into the southern Plains early Friday, creating icy condition that prompted flight cancellations and school closures as forecasters warned that the weather could cripple the region through the... A thick glaze of ice covered roads from Oklahoma to southern Illinois on Friday amid a winter storm that caused numerous wrecks, forced school cancellations, grounded flights and prompted dire warnings for people to stay...    MoreMore>> Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday. Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday. PHOTOS: Storm damage throughout Southwest GA PHOTOS: Storm damage throughout Southwest GA Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 1:46 AM EST2017-01-03 06:46:35 GMT (Source: WALB) There have been several reports of storm damage throughout Southwest Georgia. There have been several reports of storm damage throughout Southwest Georgia. Slideshow: Wildfires in Smoky Mountains force thousands to flee Slideshow: Wildfires in Smoky Mountains force thousands to flee Wildfires in the Smoky Mountains near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have forced roughly 14,000 people to evacuate and killed at least three people. Wildfires in the Smoky Mountains near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have forced roughly 14,000 people to evacuate and killed at least three people. Slideshow: Storms prove deadly in South Slideshow: Storms prove deadly in South At least five people are dead after a line of storms slammed into the South Tuesday night. At least five people are dead after a line of storms slammed into the South Tuesday night. Slideshow: Supermoon around the world Slideshow: Supermoon around the world Monday morning, the supermoon was the closest full moon to Earth since 1948, and another like it won't occur until 2034. Check out these supermoon photos from around the world. Monday morning, the supermoon was the closest full moon to Earth since 1948, and another like it won't occur until 2034. Check out these supermoon photos from around the world.    TornadoesMore>> Correction: California Tornado-Q&A story Correction: California Tornado-Q&A story The latest storm to wallop Northern California whipped up a small tornado that downed trees and fences near Sacramento. In a story Jan. 11 about a tornado in Northern California, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the tornado was south of Sacramento. It was actually north of Sacramento. Flooded California residents rescued as major storms recede Flooded California residents rescued as major storms recede Posted: Wednesday, January 11 2017 10:03 PM EST2017-01-12 03:03:48 GMT Updated: Wednesday, January 11 2017 10:03 PM EST2017-01-12 03:03:48 GMT Authorities urged thousands of people in Northern California to evacuate homes as rivers swollen by four days of heavy rain threatened to crest above flood level, even as another day of showers was forecast for... Rescue workers used boats and firetrucks to evacuate dozens of Northern California residents from their flooded homes Wednesday as a drought-busting series of storms began to move out of the region after days of heavy rain... NWS: 7 tornadoes touched down in MS NWS: 7 tornadoes touched down in MS Updated: Thursday, January 5 2017 9:44 AM EST2017-01-05 14:44:25 GMT Tornado damage in Mt. Olive, Mississippi. Source: WDAM The National Weather Service has determined that seven tornadoes struck Mississippi counties during severe weather Monday.  The National Weather Service has determined that seven tornadoes struck Mississippi counties during severe weather Monday.  Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3 2017 6:38 PM EST2017-01-03 23:38:45 GMT Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 6:38 PM EST2017-01-03 23:38:45 GMT The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four... breaking 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 10:17 AM EST2017-01-03 15:17:22 GMT (Source: Rickey Stokes News) Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency.    InternationalMore>> Trump: Brexit 'a great thing,' EU to continue to break apart Trump: Brexit 'a great thing,' EU to continue to break apart Wading into foreign affairs days before his inauguration, President-elect Donald Trump said England's decision to leave the European Union would "end up being a great thing" and predicted the bloc would... Wading into foreign affairs days before his inauguration, President-elect Donald Trump said Britain's decision to leave the European Union would "end up being a great thing" and predicted the bloc would continue to... Gambia president says country must wait for court decision Gambia president says country must wait for court decision A Senegal official says the West African country is hosting Gambia's president-elect Adama Barrow until his inauguration on Thursday. Gambia's president said late Sunday that he has filed an injunction to restrict president-elect Adama Barrow from taking office Thursday and to bar other parties from swearing the opposition coalition leader in,... Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence Police in Brazil have entered two prisons in the country's northern state of Rio Grande do Norte where a riot left at least 10 inmates dead on Saturday, authorities said Sunday. Twenty-six inmates were killed in eruptions of violence inside two prisons in northern Brazil, officials said Sunday as they quelled the latest in a string of jail disturbances across the country in which more than 100... Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election. Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election. World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace More than 70 world diplomats are gathering in Paris to urge renewed Middle East peace talks that would lead to a Palestinian state. Sending a forceful message to Israel's prime minister and the incoming Trump administration, dozens of countries called Sunday on Israel and the Palestinians to revive work toward long-elusive peace - including an...    Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern stormsMore>> Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday. Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday. NationalMore>> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law. Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies... PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,... Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,... Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze. Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze. Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said. A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.    Can't Find Something? 1401 SE 60th Street Lawton, OK 73501 (580) 355-7000 FCC Public File nbowers@kswo.com (580) 355-7000 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Tuesday 10 January, 2017 Breaking News > Latest Stories, World After Sinai attack, Egypt leader says tough battl... Trending Topics: -Demonetisation - Donald Trump - India v/s England Cricket - South Asia - Elections After Sinai attack, Egypt leader says tough battle ahead GOP anxiety mounts over voiding health law without own plan In final speech, Obama must reconcile his hopes with Trump's Taiwan's president arrives to attend Nicaraguan inauguration Militants attack checkpoint in Egypt's Sinai, killing 8 Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Tue, Jan 3rd, 2017 Latest Stories / World | By New Delhi Times Bureau Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Share This Tags A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News After Sinai attack, Egypt leader says tough battle ahead GOP anxiety mounts over voiding health law without own plan In final speech, Obama must reconcile his hopes with Trump’s Taiwan’s president arrives to attend Nicaraguan inauguration Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages New formula could facilitate India’s NSG entry Security Council resolution reveals UN hypocrisy News Release Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Reviews Auto Shows News Culture Adventure Video Commuting Commentary Technology Accessories Home» Globe Drive» Culture» Accessories Rain-X defog (Joanne Elves/The Globe and Mail) Rain-X defog (Joanne Elves/The Globe and Mail) Gadget Are anti-fog products worth the effort? Add to ... JOANNE ELVES Special to The Globe and Mail Published Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016 5:00AM EST Last updated Wednesday, Dec. 28, 2016 12:32PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Rain-X and Tune It! anti-fog liquids Available at: Automotive-supply stores Price: 4.99 and up For the sake of science, we tested Rain-X and Tune It! anti-fog liquids from Wal-Mart on the bathroom mirror and the results were a little hazy. A mirror was sectioned into quarters for tests of both products, with a cleaned strip and a second section left untouched. Following the directions on the bottles, the remaining quarters were cleaned and all lint removed. Then, the anti-fog products were applied and rubbed in until they dried. The mirror was also buffed with a clean cloth. We then ran a hot shower to build up enough fog on the mirror. The part that wasn’t cleaned was extremely foggy. The section that was cleaned with window cleaner was noticeably less foggy and the sections with the anti-fog applications were not foggy. But, for both, it was wet and blurry, so that if you were to drive, your vision would be impaired. After a second shower, the application wasn’t even apparent. Testing them on the backseat window in the car wasn’t a good idea. The window looked like it was covered in plastic wrap and little fingers saw that as a vertical puddle to play in. The best method is simple: Keep the window clean of haze to leave fewer particles for moisture to cling to and give your car a chance to warm up before hitting the road. Sign up for our newly-designed weekly newsletter Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram and Twitter Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeDrive Also on The Globe and Mail The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 (The Globe and Mail)   More Related to this Story Gadget An environmentally-friendly, waterless wash in winter Reader survey: What do you think will be the dominant recurring automotive story in 2017? Gadget Google Maps app gets a refresh Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Globe Drive is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
The Mississippi Link Keepers Of The Knowledge For People Who Speak The Truth Since 1993 Home About Us News Briefs News Auto News The Buzz Police Report Buzz Report Buzz Report Videos youReport youReport: Submit your report Opinion Columns Editorials Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter To The Editor Sports Sports News Videos Entertainment Entertainment News Videos Business Business News Videos Education Education News Video Fine Arts Religion Religion News Videos Obituaries/Deaths Obituaries/Deaths News Videos Health Health News Videos Family Medicine Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery e-Edition Subscribe Home Delivery Payments Advertise Payments Media Kit Contact Us South bracing for more severe storms, rain January 3, 2017 in News By JEFF AMY People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) (AP) Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency.  Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Like this: Like Loading... Related Tags: mississippi, severe storms No Comments » ← Change of venue sought on charges related to police killings Police: Father killed, son injured in Jackson shooting → Leave a Reply Cancel reply News Videos LATEST Glaucoma Awareness Month Press "Play" Button below: View the e-Edition online Click above to view the e-Edition Recent Comments Phyllis Anderson Cook on A Byte Out of History: Murder and the Dixie Mafia June on Jabberwock 2016: Essence of Beauty and Grace to showcase youth DEBRA FOSTER GREENE on Baptists plan to renovate seminary John Bevys on CEO of Mississippi-based company chosen for White House Business Council   Gabriel Paul Dennis on Fight to change state flag continues Events•Happenings Mississippi Link Newspaper Copyright © 2012 The Mississippi Link. Website developed by Ross Publishing & Design %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← SKorean president refuses to testify in impeachment trial Republicans primed for push to dismantle Obama’s policies → South bracing for more severe storms, rain Posted on January 3, 2017 by Sunfire Mail.com At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday moring for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.”   In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. https://www.mail.com/news/politics/4870546-south-bracing-severe-storms-rain.html#.7518-stage-hero1-1 Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 319 ← SKorean president refuses to testify in impeachment trial Republicans primed for push to dismantle Obama’s policies → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Angel-NYC on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Angel-NYC on Texas cattle fever tick update: More infested premises in Live Oak County KOYOTE on Cutting Cash Would Be A Boon For The World’s Poor Clarioncaller on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed FarBeyondBitter on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy FarBeyondBitter on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Bullwinkle on Police fatally shoot man with screwdriver in Queens, NYPD says TheRev on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer ed lown on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars evilbughead on Why Was MacArthur Brought Out of Retirement? koyote on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed kender on My Dog has an addiction. Charles q on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy Andrew on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Nailbanger on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars GrinNBarrett on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 42 minutes ago Mississauga veteran held in Ohio jail for crime he can’t remember Jason Lesko, who served in the U.S. military, cannot remember alleged crime... Latest News SEE MORE Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com Jan 14, 2017 Former baker finds niche with colourful boxes A young engineer has found profits at the intersection of bakeries, social... Latest Business News SEE MORE Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy Microsoft buys artificial intelligence startup Maluuba ‘Blue Collar Millionaire’ turned her family’s messes into ‘slobproof’ furniture Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 15 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports News SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 16 minutes ago Donald Duke, succumbs to old age almost exactly two years after the death of his identical twin, Oscar When his identical twin brother, Oscar Duke died in 2015 at age 102, it was... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 59 minutes ago DRESCHEL: LRT creates west end traffic concerns It turns out that last summer’s initial assessment that there is enough... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Jan 13, 2017 Pink Shirt Day 2017 Congratulations to Amy Darkes from Waterloo Oxford District Secondary... Latest Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 21 hours ago Understand the risks of a later in life pregnancy Are you considering pregnancy after 35? Understand the issues for older... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Teen finds herself an outcast Horoscopes Feminist protest sends Trump the evil eye Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Conestoga Insurance Has Your Business Covered Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Total Bath & Plumbing Centre Home News World Quick decisions meant life or death in Alabama... | Jan 03, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Quick decisions meant life or death in Alabama storm Mississippi Elijah Baylis,The Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeastern Alabama made a life-or-death decision. Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled near Rehobeth, Alabama, on Monday night during a wave of severe weather, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot. "It was dead centre," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four and a fifth man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts have visited the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon after flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partly submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 100 millimetres of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 200 millimetres of rain since Saturday. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the centre's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local History for sale, once in a Blue Moon Snapshot Canada Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Snapshot Local Traffic changes coming with LRT Snapshot Canada Ontarians with unpaid speeding tickets to be denied licence plates Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 Photo Gallery New Hamburg and Baden Santa Parades 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Traffic changes coming with LRT Mother sobs as son gets jail for robbing university students Police investigate death at UW student residence Menswear store draws protest for selling fur Plan to replace homes with highrise in Kitchener draws capacity crowd In Your Neighbourhood Today Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... Critical illness insurance: Safety net for serious health conditions Critical illness insurance is a type of health insurance that can be invaluable to you and your... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... Reliable limousine service ensures your wedding goes off without a hitch Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is into its third decade of offering the area a... Regular or heavy, Becker Bros. can tow it Towing — it’s what the Becker Bros. of Kitchener are famous for. Whether you require a tow because... Live edge wood designs Millgrove Wood Products Ltd. in Hamilton works with Mother Nature, one of the greatest designers,... Same great practice but new location for local chiropractic clinic Rockway Chiropractic Clinic in Kitchener has been helping patients in a big way for more than 21... Retirement planning: Your path to a financially comfortable retirement Retirement planning is something that’s best started in the early part of your working years, but... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Celebrate Canada’s game in Toronto If you’re a hockey fan, Toronto is the place to be. Not only is the city home to the Original Six... Summer tips for home and auto insurance — and safety James W A Morris Insurance Group in Cambridge understands first-hand that if you love the idea of... The Auto Insurance Consumers’ Bill of Rights: Why it’s important to you Abstract Car Sales in Kitchener brings our attention to some important information concerning the... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Big Brothers Big Sisters Big Brothers Big Sisters of Waterloo Region in Cambridge, partner mentors with children to help... Invest in people to improve your company’s bottom line Energy efficiency projects live or die on the knowledge and skills of the people involved. In many... Find the perfect home security solution with AHS Security Systems For only the best in home security, homeowners in Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge and Guelph turn to... Cellulite is no match for effective clinic treatment Cellulite is a source of anxiety for many people, but Couture Laser Clinic in Guelph is your... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal 45% off Beef Back Ribs $55 View Deal View All Deals MORE WORLD Israel says Nazi camp excavations unearth link to Anne Frank Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Israel, Palestinians, urged to talk Stopped train triggers major political row in Balkans PreviousNext Complete reptile fossil ‘important find’ Syria rebels suspend talks over alleged truce violations The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Good Folks Coffee Butchertown Grocery Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... U.S. & World NewsMore>> Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:39 GMT Donald Trump's feud with civil rights icon John Lewis is highlighting the president-elect's willingness to attack any and all political rivals even with his inauguration less than a week away.More >> The outgoing CIA director charged on Sunday that Donald Trump lacks a full understanding of the threat Moscow poses to the United States, delivering a public lecture to the president-elect that further highlighted the...More >> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:11 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:56 PM EST2017-01-16 01:56:14 GMT This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:23 GMT The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion...More >> The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion people,...More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:26 PM EST2017-01-15 21:26:03 GMT Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:16 PM EST2017-01-15 21:16:11 GMT More than 70 world diplomats are gathering in Paris to urge renewed Middle East peace talks that would lead to a Palestinian state.More >> Sending a forceful message to Israel's prime minister and the incoming Trump administration, dozens of countries called Sunday on Israel and the Palestinians to revive work toward long-elusive peace - including an...More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >>    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next At least five dead as storms sweep the South and more rain is expected today Five people have died after severe storms that swept the South on Monday Four people died in Rehobeth, Alabama when a tree fell on their mobile home William Patrick Corley, 70, was found dead in flood waters near his travel trailer in Mossy Head, Florida   The storms also produced reports of tornadoes in  parts of Mississippi  More rainfall is expected for Tuesday in southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle   By Associated Press and Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 06:53 EST, 3 January 2017 | Updated: 09:40 EST, 3 January 2017 e-mail 32 shares 8 View comments Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people - believed to be friends - were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on a mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. William Patrick Corley, 70, was also found dead in flood waters near his Mossy Head, Florida travel trailer yesterday. Scroll down for video  Five people have died so far in severe storms that ripped through the South on Monday. Above, emergency responders at the scene where four people died in Rehobeth, Alabama on Monday, after a tree fell on a mobile home  Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered 'prayers for those impacted.' In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. 'There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,' said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as three inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. There were several reports of tornadoes in Mississippi in the storms, including in Mount Olive. Above, people gather at the scene of the former Miller home in Mount Olive on Monday Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area on Monday  Damaging winds, hail and flash flooding swept through the South on Monday.  Above, debris from a suspected tornado in Mount Olive, Mississippi on Monday Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Mississippi, took of the roof on Monday State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. 'Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,' Bordelon said. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Four dead after storms and tornadoes wreak havoc across the... The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a... Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for... Partygoers are terrified as they spot a UFO hovering above... Share this article Share 32 shares Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. More rainfall is expected for Tuesday in southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle  Above, Tuesday morning's storm watches for parts of the Southeast United States  In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than four inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates.  Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than eight inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Read more: Walton County drowning victim identified Share or comment on this article e-mail 32 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (8) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga 'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SIGN IN | REGISTERSIGN OUT Home News Local Crime & Law Miami Valley's Most Wanted State & Regional Nation & World Govt & Politics Jamie Dupree Ohio Politics Blog Web Links iWitness7 Lottery Results Traffic Flight Tracker Live Traffic Conditions Pump Patrol Traffic Cameras Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Your County Forecast Closings & Delays Closings & Delays Participation Info Severe Weather Guide Live Storm Chasers iWitness 7 Severe Weather Alerts Sign up Closings & Delays SMS Sign up Sports Cleveland Browns Cincinnati Bengals University of Dayton Flyers Athlete of the Week Touchdown 7 Entertainment What To Do Contests Contest Rules Shopping Place an Ad Deals Local Retail Ads Automotive Buy & Sell WHIO-TV About WHIO-TV What's on WHIO-TV CBS Programming About MeTV About Laff TV TV Staff On Demand Watch Live WHIO Radio About WHIO Radio What's on WHIO Radio Talk Shows Ask the Experts Radio Staff On Demand Listen Live SIGN IN | REGISTERSIGN OUT News Local Crime & Law Miami Valley's Most Wanted State & Regional Nation & World Govt & Politics Jamie Dupree Ohio Politics Blog Web Links iWitness7 Lottery Results Man, woman found dead in shooting near Yellow Armed robbers target UDF in Dayton Driver crashes into US Bank lot to avoid Rain chances and temps on the rise this week Dayton police search for man who stabbed Cedarville students are designing a shelter 1 in custody, 2 at large after Kettering Deputy: Man hides from rescuers after he next prev More News Traffic Flight Tracker Live Traffic Conditions Pump Patrol Traffic Cameras Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Your County Forecast Closings & Delays Closings & Delays Participation Info Severe Weather Guide Live Storm Chasers iWitness 7 Severe Weather Alerts Sign up Closings & Delays SMS Sign up Sports Cleveland Browns Cincinnati Bengals University of Dayton Flyers Athlete of the Week Touchdown 7 Entertainment What To Do Contests Contest Rules Shopping Place an Ad Deals Local Retail Ads Automotive Buy & Sell WHIO-TV About WHIO-TV What's on WHIO-TV CBS Programming About MeTV About Laff TV TV Staff On Demand Watch Live WHIO Radio About WHIO Radio What's on WHIO Radio Talk Shows Ask the Experts Radio Staff On Demand Listen Live More Entertainment Shopping WHIO-TV WHIO Radio Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close SIGN IN Sign-in using your WHIO-TV profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} SIGN IN Sign-in using your WHIO-TV profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Use another account SIGN IN Sign-in using your WHIO-TV profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your whio.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on whio.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. Edit your profile. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* photoManager *} Created on: {* display_created *} Last login: {* display_lastLogIn *} {* sitesCommaSep *} Change My Password {* editProfileForm *} My Basic Profile {* displayName *} {* givenName *} {* familyName *} {* email *} {* birthdate *} {* gender *} My Phone Numbers {* #profilePhoneCollection *} {* #mobilePhoneTab *} {* mobilePhone *} {* /mobilePhoneTab *} {* #homePhoneTab *} {* phone *} {* /homePhoneTab *} {* workPhoneTab *} {* workPhone *} {* /workPhoneTab *} {* daytimePhoneTab *} {* daytimePhone *} {* /daytimePhoneTab *} {* /profilePhoneCollection *} My Addresses {* #profileAddressCollection *} {* #homeAddressTab *} {* addressDrop *} {* /homeAddressTab *} {* #workAddressTab *} {* workAddressDrop *} {* /workAddressTab *} {* /profileAddressCollection *} Subscriptions {* subscriptionList *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* errorMessages *} {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} {* submitButton *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Trump fires back at John Lewis for calling his presidency 'not legitimate' Man reels in massive 800-pound bluefin tuna Teen abducted at birth shares song about alleged kidnapper Dispatcher reads 'last call' for fallen Orlando police sergeant Up Next: Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Trump fires back at John Lewis for calling his presidency 'not legitimate' Man reels in massive 800-pound bluefin tuna Teen abducted at birth shares song about alleged kidnapper Dispatcher reads 'last call' for fallen Orlando police sergeant Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Published: Tuesday, January 03, 2017 @ 6:37 PM Updated: Tuesday, January 03, 2017 @ 6:37 PM By: Associated Press Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Related next prev Trump fires back at John Lewis for calling his presidency 'not legitimate' Published: Sunday, January 15, 2017 @ 9:07 PM Updated: Sunday, January 15, 2017 @ 9:07 PM By: Joy Johnston - Cox Media Group National Content Desk (Photo by Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images) President-elect Donald Trump had a strong response Saturday to the controversial remarks made by Rep. John Lewis on Friday, in which the longtime congressman from Georgia and civil rights icon questioned the legitimacy of Trump's presidency. Trump took to his favorite social media platform, Twitter, to address the issue Saturday morning. He said that Lewis should focus on the needs of his district.  >> Read more trending stories >>12 times Lewis broke the internet in 2016 >>Residents of Lewis' district share photos Trump's retort sparked a spirited response on Twitter. [View the story "Trump's response to John Lewis sparks Twitter backlash" on Storify] Man reels in massive 800-pound bluefin tuna Published: Sunday, January 15, 2017 @ 6:07 PM Updated: Sunday, January 15, 2017 @ 6:07 PM By: WSOCTV.com Tommy Adkins recently reeled in the biggest catch of his life -- an enormous 800-pound bluefin tuna. (Photo: Courtesy Tommy Adkins) A North Carolina fisherman recently reeled in the biggest catch of his life -- a 800-pound bluefin tuna. Tommy Adkins, of Reidsville, North Carolina, said he caught the enormous tuna Wednesday at Radio Island Marina in Morehead City. Adkins is a part-time commercial fisherman who said he targets mainly mahi-mahi, wahoo and Atlantic bluefin tuna for export to Tokyo. >> Read more trending stories He said he battled with the massive fish for more than three hours before getting it on board. Adkins said the tuna was 106 inches long and weighed more than 800 pounds. “He is by far the biggest fish I have ever seen, much less caught,” Adkins said. “Turns out that he is the biggest bluefin tuna that has been caught in Morehead City this season, and is expected to bring the highest sales price as well.” Portside Marina in Morehead City, which buys tuna from fishermen, confirmed the catch. Teen abducted at birth shares song about alleged kidnapper Published: Sunday, January 15, 2017 @ 6:07 PM Updated: Sunday, January 15, 2017 @ 6:07 PM By: Brittney Donovan - ActionNewsJax.com Velma Aiken, the paternal grandmother of Kamiyah Mobley, who was kidnapped as an infant 18 years ago, gets a congratulatory hug from a family member after Mobley was found safe Friday, Jan. 13, 2017, in Jacksonville, Fla. (Will Dickey /The Florida Times-Union via AP) An 18-year-old who found out on Friday that she had been abducted from a Jacksonville hospital shortly after her birth posted a video to her Facebook page that gives a possible glimpse into her state of mind. Kamiyah Mobley, who goes by Alexis, posted a YouTube video of a song that appears to be dedicated to the woman she knew as her mother for 18 years, Gloria Williams. >>Read Teen abducted from Florida hospital at birth reunited with parents Williams is in jail in Colleton County on charges of kidnapping and interference with custody. She's accused of posing as a hospital employee and abducting Kamiyah from University Medical Center, now UF Health Jacksonville, in July 1998. Tips led law enforcement officers to Kamiyah's home in Walterboro, South Carolina. >>Read Newborn taken from Florida hospital in 1998 found; woman arrested They matched Kamiyah's DNA to that of the missing infant and announced the abduction case was solved on Friday. Kamiyah was reunited with her birth parents in South Carolina on Saturday. Kamiyah Mobley has been reunited with her birth parents 18 years after she was abducted at a #Jacksonville hospital https://t.co/J2sNxEq745 pic.twitter.com/GZ00Y0bA21— Brittney Donovan (@brittneydonovan) January 14, 2017 Williams is awaiting extradition to Jacksonville. >>Read Friend of 1998 infant abduction suspect: 'No one can really believe this' The song posted to Kamiyah's page include song lyrics such as "Gloria, My Gloria, things ain't been the same since you went away," and "Cause in my mind, it's still you and me, you and me." Many people commented on the post with support for Kamiyah. Dispatcher reads 'last call' for fallen Orlando police sergeant Published: Sunday, January 15, 2017 @ 5:28 PM Updated: Sunday, January 15, 2017 @ 5:28 PM By: WFTV.com Fallen Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was active in the Orlando community. (WFTV.com) A public safety dispatcher on Saturday evening transmitted the radio broadcast for fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton’s last call. The last call, also known as a final call, is a formal on-air announcement broadcasted to honor an officer who has died in the line of duty. >> Read more trending stories  The tribute, which was transmitted on Clayton’s radio channel, was followed by no response, and a 10-7 (out of service code) message was read in tribute.   Clayton was laid to rest Saturday at Woodlawn Memorial Park and Funeral Home in Gotha following a funeral service at First Baptist Orlando, which was attended by more than 5,000 people. Clayton leaves behind her husband, who she married a year ago in Jamaica, and an adult son. The couple was members of the Winning Souls for the Kingdom church in Auburndale. News Local Crime & Law State & Regional Politics & Government News Web Links iWitness7 Lottery Results Traffic Flight Tracker Live Traffic Conditions Pump Patrol Traffic Cameras Storm Center 7 Weather Your County Forecast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Guide Live Storm Chasers Sports Cleveland Browns  Cincinnati Bengals UD Flyers Athlete of the Week Follow and Share WHIO-TV on Facebook WHIO-TV on Twitter WHIO Radio on Facebook WHIO Radio on Twitter Newsletters Mobile Alerts WHIO Mobile Apps App List and Download Info About Us About WHIO-TV About WHIO Radio Send Us News Tips Work With Us EEOC Statement WHIO Public File WHIO Public File Contact/Program Director Advertisers and Sponsors Advertise With Us Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Find & Save Local Shopping General Acceptance Policy © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
CLOSE Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive GR EditionUS Edition Newspaper Stands Sign in Subscribe Sunday, January 15, 2017 | Week's Paper | NY 30 F | Athens 44 F | EUR → USD 1.07 Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive Home USA General News Storms Kill Four, Damage Buildings Across Southern States USA General News Storms Kill Four, Damage Buildings Across Southern States By Associated Press - January 3, 2017 0 84 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Jan. 2 killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Jan. 3 for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Jan. 2 when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County Sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Jan. 3, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Jan. 3, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than four inches of rain, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than eight inches of rain since Dec. 31. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ By JEFF AMY. AP writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed Previous articleSpaceX Finds Rocket Explosion Source, Plans New Launch Next articleTrump Blames China Over North Korea Nuclear Program Associated Press RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR General News Johnny Depp, Amber Heard Divorce Finalized General News Feds Cite Chicago Police Brutality General News Ice Storms Freeze Up Central US NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Fr. Luke Melackrinos Suspended from St. Paul’s Cathedral in Hempstead Turkey Detains Nine Colonels On Cyprus For Ties to US Cleric Gulen TNH's 50 Richest Greek-Americans 2014 List - Net Worth & More Kardamyli: Agamemnon’s Gift to Achilles and the Muses’ Gift to Us Obama Not Going Away Quietly, Ending With Full-Court Press Week’s Paper Special Issues About us Contact us Subscriptions Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Classifieds Opinions Columnists Editorial Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Letter to the Editor Agora Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise Job @ TNH © Copyright 2015-16 - The National Herald, Inc
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 27° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Winter Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs NationNews Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Updated January 3, 2017 3:43 PM By The Associated Press Reprints + - More rain is expected in the Deep South on Tuesday, after severe storms killed four people in Alabama on Monday. Heavy rain is hitting the region, with some of the worst flooding in southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. (Jan. 3) advertisement | advertise on newsday As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. Most popular Nation stories Teacher gets 10 years for sex with 13-year-old student Va. man uses 300,000 pennies to pay sales tax to DMV Megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal dies from cancer 'Momma' charged with stealing daughter at birth Central U.S. hit by ice storm, causing numerous accidents The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four and a fifth man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. NationFlooding pictures from around the U.S. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. advertisement | advertise on newsday Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. advertisement | advertise on newsday Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage 31 people Trump may pick, has picked for Cabinet, top jobs Supermoons around the world Trump's noteworthy tweets as president-elect Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Winter Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
x This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue if you are OK with this or read more in our privacy policy.  Home About Contact Subscribe Login Home News Copyright Trademarks TBO Patents Jurisdiction Reports Directory Events Annual archive Subscribe Leaders Run-DMC sue Amazon and Walmart in $50m TM claim 03-01-2017 Ira Bostic / Shutterstock.com Other related Deadmau5 files TM cancellation suit over ‘Meowingtons’ 03-01-2017 PRS for Music reveals anti-piracy success 11-08-2016 Fender’s Stratocaster lawsuit ‘corporate greed’, says rival 21-10-2015 Hip-hop group Run-DMC have taken on Amazon.com and Walmart in a $50 million trademark infringement claim. To continue reading, you need a subscription to WIPR. Start a subscription to WIPR for £455. In-house feature articles, the archive and expert comment require a paid subscription. Subscribe now. Want to give it a try? We are offering a two week free trial to the WIPR website – register and select “Free Trial” to begin access to the full WIPR archive and read the latest news, features and expert comment. Begin your free trial here. Is your 2 week free trial about to end? Upgrade to a 12 month subscription for £455 now. If you have already subscribed please login. If you have any technical issues please email tech support. RUN-DMC, music, trademark, trademark infringement, Amazon, Walmart, online counterfeits, Editor's Picks Most read Nokia squares off against Apple in series of patent suits Australia should adopt fair use exception, says Productivity Commission Best practices for IPR proceedings and real party in interest Taobao named on USTR’s 2016 Notorious Markets list Teaching robots copyright Google faces fraud accusations over ‘Content ID’ trademark Viacom claims victory in Spongebob Squarepants TM spat The Carpenters sue Universal Music Group in unpaid royalties suit Jo Johnson chosen as new UK IP minister Maria Pallante to head Association of American Publishers Sign up for the newsletter Newsletter Your email * Links Home News Directory About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Subscription WIPR Newton Media Ltd Kingfisher House 21-23 Elmfield Road Bromley BR1 1LT United Kingdom Email: info@newtonmedia.co.uk Follow @WorldIPReview Tweets by @WorldIPReview
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Nevada Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Matt Youmans Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Homicide map Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News The Auto Mag Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » News » Nation and World $1 can buy you a home in...George Lucas’ $1 billion...     Posted January 3, 2017 - 2:40am Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Mississippi, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) By JEFF AMY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. $1 can buy you a home in...George Lucas’ $1 billion...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Crash that killed actress Carole Lombard, 21 others near Las Vegas still echoes after 75 years Another wave of conventions prepares to hit Las Vegas Las Vegas officer struck, dragged by vehicle during traffic stop At Las Vegas Strip hotel, virtual ‘employee’ Rose will guide you, maybe flirt with you Rock slide closes Zion’s Scenic Drive Columnists Features Inside Gaming Inventor suggests embedding slots with player-friendly images   Charles Krauthammer COMMENTARY: Donald Trump has not yet been sworn in and the honeymoon has already come and gone   Steve Sebelius Who will Democrats pick to run for governor in 2018?   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: Donald Trump and a comprehensive plan to end the country’s illegal immigration problem   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR SUN 15 MON 16 TUE 17 WED 18 THU 19 FRI 20 SAT 21 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News South Bracing for More Severe Storms, Rain US News South Bracing for More Severe Storms, Rain By Associated Press | January 3, 2017 AT 5:47 AM Last Updated: January 3, 2017 9:15 am Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, on Jan. 2, 2017. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Editor’s Picks The Disease of Struggle Why Economists Can’t Get It Right Daoyong Zheng: Finding Grace and Compassion Through an Affinity for Dance Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsThe Big Top Comes Down: Ringling Bros. Circus Is ClosingMore Freezing Rain, Temperatures Expected for Central USAirport Shooting Highlights Nexus Between Mentally Ill, CopsTennessee Lawmaker: No Food Stamps for Ice Cream, Sodas Latest in US US News The Big Top Comes Down: Ringling Bros. Circus Is Closing US News More Freezing Rain, Temperatures Expected for Central US US News Airport Shooting Highlights Nexus Between Mentally Ill, Cops Crime and Incidents Police: 2 Texas Girls Die After Jumping From Parking Garage Crime and Incidents Man Sentenced to Life for Assault on 10-Year-Old US News Tennessee Lawmaker: No Food Stamps for Ice Cream, Sodas US News Slain Officer Promoted Posthumously US News Johnny Depp Sues Ex-managers Alleging Millions in Losses US News Capitol Architect Says Pig Painting Breaks Rules × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS WBXH-TV Hourly Forecast Information Editorials Contact Us NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows Power of 9 9News This Morning WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines SEC Coverage SFN Player of the Week Sportsline Friday Nite Pelicans Headlines Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms 2017-01-03T23:38:45Z2017-01-03T23:38:45Z ADVERTISEMENT Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South More Slideshow: Slideshow: Severe storms slam South (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Links Mentioned on WAFBMore>> breaking 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 10:17 AM EST2017-01-03 15:17:22 GMT (Source: Rickey Stokes News) Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. More >> Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency.More >> By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. National, world weatherWeather and disaster coverageMore>> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:12 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:12 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:39 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:39 GMT Ice buildups of one-quarter to slightly less than a half inch were expected late Saturday and Sunday morning from southeastern Kansas to central Missouri. More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Viral videos: Obviously, polar bears are fans of snow Viral videos: Obviously, polar bears are fans of snow Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:19 AM EST2017-01-15 16:19:21 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:19 AM EST2017-01-15 16:19:21 GMT Zoos are full of animals that like the cold, so when snow descends on a zoo that houses animals that can tolerate the cold weather, we get a gift in the form of animals flipping out over snow. More >> Zoos are full of animals that like the cold, so when snow descends on a zoo that houses animals that can tolerate the cold weather, we get a gift in the form of animals flipping out over snow.More >> Heavy snow forces cancellation of men's downhill at Wengen Heavy snow forces cancellation of men's downhill at Wengen Posted: Saturday, January 14 2017 12:35 PM EST2017-01-14 17:35:25 GMT Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 12:35 PM EST2017-01-14 17:35:25 GMT The World Cup men's downhill on the classic Lauberhorn course Saturday has been canceled due to heavy snowfall and fog.More >> The World Cup men's circuit lost one of its defining races Saturday when heavy snowfall forced the classic Lauberhorn downhill to be canceled.More >> Freezing rain causes accidents, closures in southern Plains Freezing rain causes accidents, closures in southern Plains Freezing rain moved into the southern Plains early Friday, creating icy condition that prompted flight cancellations and school closures as forecasters warned that the weather could cripple the region through the...More >> A thick glaze of ice covered roads from Oklahoma to southern Illinois on Friday amid a winter storm that caused numerous wrecks, forced school cancellations, grounded flights and prompted dire warnings for people to stay...More >>    MoreMore>> Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday.More >> Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday.More >> PHOTOS: Storm damage throughout Southwest GA PHOTOS: Storm damage throughout Southwest GA Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 1:46 AM EST2017-01-03 06:46:35 GMT (Source: WALB) There have been several reports of storm damage throughout Southwest Georgia.More >> There have been several reports of storm damage throughout Southwest Georgia.More >> Slideshow: Wildfires in Smoky Mountains force thousands to flee Slideshow: Wildfires in Smoky Mountains force thousands to flee Wildfires in the Smoky Mountains near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have forced roughly 14,000 people to evacuate and killed at least three people. More >> Wildfires in the Smoky Mountains near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have forced roughly 14,000 people to evacuate and killed at least three people.More >> Slideshow: Storms prove deadly in South Slideshow: Storms prove deadly in South At least five people are dead after a line of storms slammed into the South Tuesday night.More >> At least five people are dead after a line of storms slammed into the South Tuesday night.More >> Slideshow: Supermoon around the world Slideshow: Supermoon around the world Monday morning, the supermoon was the closest full moon to Earth since 1948, and another like it won't occur until 2034. Check out these supermoon photos from around the world.More >> Monday morning, the supermoon was the closest full moon to Earth since 1948, and another like it won't occur until 2034. Check out these supermoon photos from around the world.More >>    TornadoesMore>> Correction: California Tornado-Q&A story Correction: California Tornado-Q&A story The latest storm to wallop Northern California whipped up a small tornado that downed trees and fences near Sacramento.More >> In a story Jan. 11 about a tornado in Northern California, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the tornado was south of Sacramento. It was actually north of Sacramento.More >> Flooded California residents rescued as major storms recede Flooded California residents rescued as major storms recede Posted: Wednesday, January 11 2017 10:03 PM EST2017-01-12 03:03:48 GMT Updated: Wednesday, January 11 2017 10:03 PM EST2017-01-12 03:03:48 GMT Authorities urged thousands of people in Northern California to evacuate homes as rivers swollen by four days of heavy rain threatened to crest above flood level, even as another day of showers was forecast for...More >> Rescue workers used boats and firetrucks to evacuate dozens of Northern California residents from their flooded homes Wednesday as a drought-busting series of storms began to move out of the region after days of heavy rain...More >> NWS: 7 tornadoes touched down in MS NWS: 7 tornadoes touched down in MS Updated: Thursday, January 5 2017 9:44 AM EST2017-01-05 14:44:25 GMT Tornado damage in Mt. Olive, Mississippi. Source: WDAM The National Weather Service has determined that seven tornadoes struck Mississippi counties during severe weather Monday. More >> The National Weather Service has determined that seven tornadoes struck Mississippi counties during severe weather Monday. More >> Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3 2017 6:38 PM EST2017-01-03 23:38:45 GMT Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 6:38 PM EST2017-01-03 23:38:45 GMT The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. More >> By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four...More >> breaking 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 10:17 AM EST2017-01-03 15:17:22 GMT (Source: Rickey Stokes News) Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. More >> Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency.More >>    Inside WAFBMore>> Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday.More >> Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday.More >> NationalMore>> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Storms Kill 4, Damage Buildings Across Southern States US News Storms Kill 4, Damage Buildings Across Southern States By Associated Press | January 3, 2017 AT 5:40 AM Last Updated: January 3, 2017 5:40 am People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Editor’s Picks The Disease of Struggle Why Economists Can’t Get It Right Daoyong Zheng: Finding Grace and Compassion Through an Affinity for Dance Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsThe Big Top Comes Down: Ringling Bros. Circus Is ClosingMore Freezing Rain, Temperatures Expected for Central USAirport Shooting Highlights Nexus Between Mentally Ill, CopsTennessee Lawmaker: No Food Stamps for Ice Cream, Sodas Latest in US US News The Big Top Comes Down: Ringling Bros. Circus Is Closing US News More Freezing Rain, Temperatures Expected for Central US US News Airport Shooting Highlights Nexus Between Mentally Ill, Cops Crime and Incidents Police: 2 Texas Girls Die After Jumping From Parking Garage Crime and Incidents Man Sentenced to Life for Assault on 10-Year-Old US News Tennessee Lawmaker: No Food Stamps for Ice Cream, Sodas US News Slain Officer Promoted Posthumously US News Johnny Depp Sues Ex-managers Alleging Millions in Losses US News Capitol Architect Says Pig Painting Breaks Rules × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Home News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries 26° F Broken Clouds Hi: 36° F Lo: 14° F Forecast Radar Bill’s Blog 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Featured: News Links Transfer of Power Weekly Quiz Latest Headlines Dispatchers: Injuries reported in 5-car crash January 15, 2017 24 Hour News 8 web staff Emergency crews are responding to the scene of a five-car crash in northeastern Kent County. GRPD investigating after man shot in leg January 15, 2017 24 Hour News 8 web staff Grand Rapids police are investigating after a man with a gunshot wound showed up at a hospital Sunday evening. Trump: Brexit will ‘end up being a great thing’ January 15, 2017 STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press Obama speaks on Israel, Trump in last White House interview January 15, 2017 VIVIAN SALAMA, Associated Press Police: Teen arrested for stealing 2 cars in Kalamazoo January 15, 2017 24 Hour News 8 web staff Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Current Conditions 26° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 8:10 AM Sunset: 5:33 PM Grand Rapids Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy Latest Headlines Ohio State beats Michigan State for first Big Ten win 6:39 pm “I did not think they’d shoot like that, I’ll be very honest with you,” MSU head coach Tom Izzo said of Ohio State’s performance. Athanasiou, Red Wings rally to rout Penguins January 14, 2017 The Detroit Red Wings had a 6-3 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins on Saturday night. Jan. 14 high school and college basketball roundup January 14, 2017 Lester hopes to keep Western Michigan rolling January 14, 2017 Hood’s season-high 27 lead Jazz to win over Pistons January 14, 2017 eightWest eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Latest Headlines Health and wellness of adolescents: Why they need different care January 13, 2017 Find out the care that your adolescent or young adult may need. Exciting announcements for the 2017 Fifth Third River Bank Run January 13, 2017 Kids run free at this year’s River Bank Run. Inside the Oaks of Rockford January 13, 2017 Grand Rapids RV, Camper and Travel Show coming to DeVos Place January 12, 2017 ‘The Philadelphia Story’ coming to Civic Theater January 12, 2017 Community Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Latest Headlines KCAS Pets of the Week: Cody and Polly January 13, 2017 Kent County Animal Shelter pets of the week Cody and Polly are hoping to find new families. Look back at WOOD TV8’s community involvement in 2016 January 12, 2017 WOOD TV8 is getting involved with our community in West Michigan and beyond. Interviews with Metro Health leaders about new Affiliation January 10, 2017 Stick to your goals, change your life with the 68 Day Challenge January 10, 2017 KCAS Pets of the Week: Chloe and Snoopy January 6, 2017 More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries Search for: Search the site 26° F Broken Clouds Hi: 36° F Lo: 14° F South bracing for more severe storms after 5 killed JEFF AMY, Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 5:15 am Updated: January 3, 2017, 8:24 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) (AP) — At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday moring for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Related Posts Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Winter storm: South braces for snow, sleet and freezing rain Deadly storms add to drought, flood and fires plaguing South Snow storm blankets parts of North Carolina, Virginia Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on WOODTV.com Photo Galleries Photos: “Night Fever” Juice Ball 2017 Photos: Brew Ha-Ha 2017 Photos: Crews pull plane from Murray Lake Photos: Grand Rapids Camper, Travel & RV Show NWS warns of flooding as ice jam clogs Grand River Featured on eightWest Health and wellness of adolescents: Why they need different care Exciting announcements for the 2017 Fifth Third River Bank Run Inside the Oaks of Rockford Grand Rapids RV, Camper and Travel Show coming to DeVos Place ‘The Philadelphia Story’ coming to Civic Theater Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WOODTV.com © 2000-2017 WOOD Television LLC. A Media General Company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Community eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal a New You Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Report Children’s TV Report Partners WOTV 4 Women Media General Station About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Jobs at WOOD TV8 Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 53° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 48° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Sevier County wildfires Latest Headlines Tragedy becomes hope through a gift of life Updated: 1 min ago A wife’s worst nightmare came true for a young Michigan mother when she learned her husband was killed in a hit-and-run crash. State to consider new sites for National Register of Historic Places 6:57 pm If these properties meet the requirements, their nominations will be sent for final approval to the National Register of Historic Places in … Clarksville police launch investigation after shots fired at cars, home 6:36 pm SC teen abducted as a Florida newborn meets birth parents Updated: 21 mins ago VIDEO: Rehearsal held for Trump inauguration 5:45 pm Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 53° F Overcast Feels Like: 53° F Wind: NE 5 Humidity: 83% Dewpoint: 48° F Sunrise: 6:56 AM Sunset: 4:55 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines Lady Vols not alone this season in honoring Pat Summitt Updated: 33 mins ago Harvard, Kentucky, Vermont and Division II program Metropolitan State of Denver are among the women’s basketball teams that have joined Tenn… JOE BIDDLE: Vols Bone buried Vandy January 14, 2017 Both teams came into this game with 8-8 records. Zach Cunningham declares for NFL draft January 14, 2017 Tennessee, Vanderbilt basketball looking to bounce back January 14, 2017 Preds acquire Cody McLeod in exchange for Felix Girard January 13, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 53° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 48° F South bracing for more severe storms, rain The Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 2:52 am Updated: January 3, 2017, 7:35 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) (AP) — Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Related: Check the weather in your area Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Coroner identifies 4 Alabama storm victims 3 killed in Alabama, 2 in Tennessee after severe storms pass through Atlanta aims to avoid repeat of epic, icy traffic jam Southern storms should ease drought, but fire threat remains Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Young Broadcasting of Nashville LLC A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices The Ensemble Effect Finding Home Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. U.S. MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition GOP Congressman Leaves Meeting Early After Constituents Want to Talk Obamacare Repeal China Rejects Donald Trump’s Suggestion to Negotiate With Taiwan Newborn Abducted From Hospital Reunites With Parents 18 Years Later 6 Dead in Ice Storms Across Midwestern U.S. Dozens of Countries Urge Israel and Palestinians to Commit to Two-State Solution See Ringling Brothers’ ‘Greatest Show on Earth’ Through the Years Bernie Sanders: FBI Director James Comey’s Resignation ‘Would Not Be a Bad Thing’ Megachurch Pastor Bishop Eddie Long Dies at Age 63 Racial Discrimination Still Exists With With Ride-Sharing Apps Rep. John Lewis ‘Would Not Invite’ Donald Trump to Visit Selma TIME U.S. weather Thunderstorms Kill Four People and Damage Buildings Across the Southern U.S. Jeff Amy / AP Jan. 3, 2017 SHARE Ryan Moore—AP Items lie scattered after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took off a roof on Jan. 2, 2017. The National Weather Service issued a tornado warning for Houston County A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Tornado 'I didn't expect this': Homeowners cope with damage after deadly storms strike Southeast Published January 03, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print   The severe storms that spawned tornadoes and killed at least five people across the Southeast Monday triggered more damage than many home and business owners were expecting, and starting a recovery process that could drag on for years. Expand / Contract Storm damage in Mendenhall, Miss. (Willie James Inman, Fox News) "Didn't expect to see what I saw. Sure I expected something to be torn up but I didn't expect this," Billy Miller, whose barn in Mt. Olive, Miss., was leveled by the storms, told Fox News on Tuesday. "It's a slow process. It's gonna take a year or two years to get done. I'm just glad no one was hurt, that's it," Miller said. The state saw at least two confirmed tornadoes, according to the National Weather Service, which reported that the final numbers could still change. FOX NEWS SEVERE WEATHER CENTER Four people were killed Monday when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency spokeswoman Kris Ware said. Ware added that most of the damage was in Rehobeth as winds damaged carports and other buildings, according to AL.com. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday. Local media reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in the homes and assess damage later in the morning. SOUTH BRACING FOR MORE SEVERE STORMS, RAIN Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." A man was found dead outside his Florida home in what authorities called an accidental drowning. The Walton County Sheriff’s Office identified the man as 70-year-old William Patrick Corley. Authorities said Corley was found with his body floating face down and his car partially submerged in water. Damaged buildings and a downed transformer appeared Tuesday along U.S. Highway 49 in Mendenhall, Miss., southeast of Jackson, just some of the aftermath across much of the state. A row of chicken houses in Mount Olive, Miss. were severely damaged by the storm front, killing many of the animals inside, the owner of the farm told Fox News. Expand / Contract A row of chicken houses in Mount Olive, Miss. were severely damaged by the storms. (Fox News) State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Storms ripped through central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive. Those storms were determined to produce tornadoes by the National Weather Service. The storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Fox News Multimedia Reporter Willie James Inman in Mississippi and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News featured Ready for Anything +2 By James Mayse Messenger-Inquirer 20 hrs ago 0 Library event will explore flood of memories Spring bluegrass lessons start Feb. 4 Annual Goodfellows Club drive falls short of $155K goal To Do Today: Sunday, Jan. 15 Marchers brave cold, rain for King march Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Local Sports featured Fans enthusiastic in Mavericks' home opener +2 By MADDIE LEE Messenger-Inquirer 20 hrs ago 0 Wildcats' Gabriel just scratching surface Panthers roll to 98-75 win Balanced Cats pull away from Tigers No. 14 Cards trip up No. 7 Duke --- MISSING HEADLINE --- Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Perspective AP featured An American fault line: High school-only grads left behind By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer 20 hrs ago 0 How to use the Color of the Year Deficits and debt seem not atop GOP priorities these days Will the Girl Scouts' S'mores cookies be the next Thin Mints or the next Le Chip? En Route Foreclosure sales rise from 15-year low Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Beaver Dam rest area on Western Kentucky Parkway closed temporarily By Keith Todd Kentucky Transportation Cabinet Jan 12, 2017 0 Beech Grove Nature Notes Letha Jordan Be safe when heating your home Museum News Storms kill 4, damage buildings across South By JEFF AMY Associated Press Jan 3, 2017 0 A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 41° Overcast Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Ready for Anything Fans enthusiastic in Mavericks' home opener Library event will explore flood of memories Spring bluegrass lessons start Feb. 4 Wildcats' Gabriel just scratching surface Annual Goodfellows Club drive falls short of $155K goal Panthers roll to 98-75 win An American fault line: High school-only grads left behind Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Five charged in OPD drug bust Peyronnin facing bankruptcy Police Reports: Jan. 11, 2016 Police Reports Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Readers Write (3) Louisville didn't let Wildcats do what they wanted (1) KWC women win eighth straight (1) No Payne, No Gain (1) Readers Write: Dec. 24, 2016 (1) Watson: City revenues not keeping pace with expenses New mayor said income must increase (1) Payne leaves legacy of revitalized downtown (1) Alex Trebek pays tribute to Cindy Stowell, cancer-stricken 'Jeopardy!' champion (1) Bridge death lawsuit settled (1) Cars CADILLAC CTS '09 $13,500 Mileage: 125,000 Updated 22 hrs ago AUTO MOVER SPECIAL!$24.95 1 PHOTO / 3 LINES / $24.96 Mar 31, 2016 2013 Hyundai Elantra, Grey, 66,042mi, $10,400 (pay off) Nice & $10,400 Mileage: 66,042 Updated 22 hrs ago Stocks Homes 14x76 Mobile Home 2 BR, 2 Ba. Buyer must remove $5,000 Bedrooms: 2 Jul 25, 2016 South - 1 bdrm., Heritage Park $525, all appls., no $525 Sep 21, 2016 South 1 bdrm., water & gas furnished, $375, laundry facilities $375 Jul 26, 2016 Special Sections 1-14-17 At Home Jan 14, 2017 0 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. 2016-17 High School Basketball Preview Nov 28, 2016 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 2016 Reader's Choice Awards Jun 24, 2016 0 The 2016 Reader's Choice Awards and quarterly Owensboro Magazine. 2016-17 Hunting Guide Aug 23, 2016 0 Hunting Guide for the 2016-17 season. 12-31-16 At Home Dec 31, 2016 0 Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Sunday / January 15, 2017 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Contests Quizzes Ask the Experts Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds PLACE AN AD THRIFT SALE MAP Jobs Coupons Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL home / news / daily updates Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said posted Jan. 2, 2017 11:21 p.m. (CDT) email article print font size - + by / Associated Press Jay Hare | Enlarge - Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Ryan Moore | Enlarge - People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore | Enlarge - Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore | Enlarge - Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore | Enlarge - Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill | Enlarge - Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Email this: Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states | Eau Claire Leader-Telegram Your Name: Your e-mail: Recipient(s) Name: Recipient(s) e-mail: *Separate multiple addresses with a comma Comments: (optional) Send Clear Recommended Man found dead in carbon monoxide-filled house The bald and the bold: Eagles' resurgence comes at a price Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Wisconsin DNR chief urges against breakup of her agency Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend John Lewis Secret WWI 'Zimmerman Telegram' holds lessons for today, historians say House Dems press FBI on Russia, possible link to Trump camp Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Protesters across U.S. decry Trump's anti-immigrant stance Occupants escape safely in Germania Street house fire Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read Mom’s drug use around her three kids results in probation Residents escape inferno on Germania Street Man charged for death of Saudi student in Menomonie Trump time comes for area Republicans heading to D.C. inauguration Repeat drunken driver jailed More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Tornado 'I didn't expect this': Homeowners cope with damage after deadly storms strike Southeast Published January 03, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print   The severe storms that spawned tornadoes and killed at least five people across the Southeast Monday triggered more damage than many home and business owners were expecting, and starting a recovery process that could drag on for years. Expand / Contract Storm damage in Mendenhall, Miss. (Willie James Inman, Fox News) "Didn't expect to see what I saw. Sure I expected something to be torn up but I didn't expect this," Billy Miller, whose barn in Mt. Olive, Miss., was leveled by the storms, told Fox News on Tuesday. "It's a slow process. It's gonna take a year or two years to get done. I'm just glad no one was hurt, that's it," Miller said. The state saw at least two confirmed tornadoes, according to the National Weather Service, which reported that the final numbers could still change. FOX NEWS SEVERE WEATHER CENTER Four people were killed Monday when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency spokeswoman Kris Ware said. Ware added that most of the damage was in Rehobeth as winds damaged carports and other buildings, according to AL.com. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday. Local media reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in the homes and assess damage later in the morning. SOUTH BRACING FOR MORE SEVERE STORMS, RAIN Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." A man was found dead outside his Florida home in what authorities called an accidental drowning. The Walton County Sheriff’s Office identified the man as 70-year-old William Patrick Corley. Authorities said Corley was found with his body floating face down and his car partially submerged in water. Damaged buildings and a downed transformer appeared Tuesday along U.S. Highway 49 in Mendenhall, Miss., southeast of Jackson, just some of the aftermath across much of the state. A row of chicken houses in Mount Olive, Miss. were severely damaged by the storm front, killing many of the animals inside, the owner of the farm told Fox News. Expand / Contract A row of chicken houses in Mount Olive, Miss. were severely damaged by the storms. (Fox News) State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Storms ripped through central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive. Those storms were determined to produce tornadoes by the National Weather Service. The storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Fox News Multimedia Reporter Willie James Inman in Mississippi and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast70° FULL FORECASTOvercast70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Ringling Bros. circus to close in May after 146 years US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Democrats rally across the country to save and expand Obamacare Deputies say teen was accidentally shot in the back in Seminole Thousands attend Bernie Sanders-led rallies to support Obama health law Tampa Bay Frongman Swim raises funds, awareness of fallen SEALs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup FLORIDA GUNS, PART 1: More guns could mean safer citizens, advocates argue Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia News conferences could be moved out of the White House, Priebus says Trump feud with civil rights icon Lewis could be harbinger of new hyper-partisanship (w/video) Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More TV and Radio Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning's Callahan to miss another four weeks Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Fennelly: Warmer, fuzzier, less crazy (maybe) Tortorella is winning again Emergency NHL goalie: The most unusual 1-day job in sports Competition in outfield can only benefit Rays Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed What to watch this weekend: 'The Young Pope,' 'Victoria,' History Channel special on President Obama Top News Sheryl Oring wants to hear your stories for a Tampa International Airport art installation Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Review: 'Grounded,' a small production with one actor, delivers a powerful message With attendance flat, Disney brings back Florida resident deal Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Top Opinion Samuelson: Obama's (tentative) legacy Leonard Pitts Jr.: Godspeed, Mr. President Brooks: Do markets work in health care? Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Editorial: Finally, equality on Florida birth certificates Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Bancroft: Book lover Obama has been an inspirational reader in chief Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states (w/video) By Jeff Amy, Associated Press JEFF AMYAssociated Press Tuesday, January 3, 2017 12:17am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. Related News/Archive Blizzards, ice storms wreak havoc across northern plains (w/video) 3 Weeks Ago Blizzards, ice storms wreak havoc across northern Plains (w/video) 3 Weeks Ago Tropical Storm Hermine causing widespread flooding across Tampa Bay ... and the worst is yet to come (w/video) 4 Months Ago The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued early today for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Ala., said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours early today, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Ga., near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, La., as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The Fire Department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store today, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout east Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Miss., through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Ga., received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Previous Next Previous Next Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states (w/video) 01/03/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 12:35am] Photo reprints | Article reprints Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Associated Press.      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Weather Alert The National Weather Service has issued a tornado watch in effect until midnight for the following counties: Dallas, Ellis, Johnson, Tarrant County A tornado watch is in effect until midnight for the following counties: Dallas, Ellis, Johnson, Tarrant Man wore Wal-Mart vest while taking merchandise, Grapevine police say Filed under Crime at Jan 2 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Claire Z. Cardona, Breaking News Producer Connect with Claire Z. Cardona On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Grapevine police are searching for a man who reportedly stole two carts of merchandise from a Wal-Mart.  The man was seen on surveillance footage Nov. 21 taking items from the store on State Highway 114 without paying, police said.  At one point, the man is seen wearing a Wal-Mart employee vest.  A detailed description of the man was not provided. He fled in a black Dodge Ram.  Anyone with information about the man's identity is asked to call Sgt. Spillers at 817-410-3243 or email wspillers@grapevinetexas.gov. Grapevine police are searching for this man accused of taking items from a Wal-Mart without paying for them. (Grapevine Police Department) View Comments Tags Crime Grapevine Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 41,676 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 23,978 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 23,927 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 21,714 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 17,855 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 13,840 Woman found half naked, bound with duct tape likely knew attackers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Here’s what happens to all those unwanted Christmas presents By Lisa Fickenscher View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 2, 2017 | 10:04pm Modal Trigger Getty Images Welcome to the retail returns season — the much less popular sibling of the holiday retail sales. Every year roughly $260 billion worth of stuff bought at retail is returned, 25 percent of which is returned after Christmas, according to industry estimates — everything from ugly sweaters and ill-fitting pants to that thoughtless hot plate and pingpong table that just won’t fit in the basement. Total annual returns equal 7 percent of everything sold in the US in a year, not counting autos and car parts. “The return season is in full swing,” said Eric Moriarty, vice president of B-Stock Solutions, which operates an auction Web site that connects retailers like Walmart, Costco and Amazon with resellers. “Retailers don’t want returned merchandise, because they don’t have room on their shelves for it, and they don’t have the resources to determine whether something’s been damaged,” Gina Barker, owner of Quick Discount, a no-frills, 25,000 square-foot store in Fort Smith, Ark., that sells everything from vacuum cleaners to sports equipment and toys to lamps, and resembles a flea market, told The Post. Just 5 percent of returned presents go directly back onto the same store’s shelves, Moriarty estimates. For the rest of the goods, the trip back to the store is just the beginning of a long and strange journey that can take that party dress or dollhouse either halfway around the world — or just around to the other side of town. While many Americans are just starting to fall in love with that new cellphone, TV or pair of slippers, the unloved presents are just starting out a that long journey home. This is their story. Take, for example, the very popular Ninja line of blenders that cost anywhere from $40 to $200. It was a popular Christmas gift — making it a popular return item, too, said Barker. Barker, who has bought returned goods sold by the top 10 retailers in the country — Walmart, Target, Macy’s and Amazon, to name four — sees lots of Ninjas this time of year. Take a Nutri Ninja Auto-IQ compact blender, which sells for $99 at Walmart. Once returned to the retailer, the Auto-IQ will be shipped to a regional warehouse or distribution center and then, perhaps, to a warehouse run by a middleman where they will sit and await on online auction. Barker and scores of closeout retailers then have at it. Barker will typically pay 16 to 25 cents on the dollar for an item. In the case of the Auto-IQ blender, that would be $16 to $25. She would then tag it at $60. FindTheData | Graphiq “We try to get 60 cents on the dollar,” or a little more than double our cost, said Barker, who travels to auction sites in a three-state radius hunting for goods. The auctions can attract retailers from outside the US, according to Ronen Lazar, chief executive of InTurn, which operates a marketplace for excess inventory. Barker used to carry apparel in her store, but no longer. The paperwork and terms became too onerous, she said. “Contracts involving fashion brands can be 15 or 20 pages long,” she said. Some insist their label be cut out and “some stipulate that several brands can’t even enter the building.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under economy ,  holiday shopping ,  retailers Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Carpool apps could reduce city traffic by 300 percent: stu... Read Next Carpool apps could reduce city traffic by 300 percent: stu... Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 12-year-old girl live streams her suicide in front yard Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 41,239 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 26,784 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 23,918 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On More women rip Michael Che’s dating app etiquette Katie Couric’s ready for her TV comeback Eric Schneiderman and Preet Bharara power lunch SEE ALL Video 1:01 Chilling documentary reveals stories of child sex slave trafficking More Stories pagesix Photo of Justin Trudeau's mom commando at Studio 54 up for auction Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 40° Share Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states By Jeff Amy / Associated Press Published: Monday, January 2nd, 2017 at 6:35pm Updated: Monday, January 2nd, 2017 at 10:11pm People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Advertisement Continue reading The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Advertisement Continue reading Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Nation Suggested Stories: The Latest: Suspected tornado damages Army post in Georgia – Feb 3, 2016 Southern plagues: Drought, flood, fire and now killer storms – Nov 30, 2016 Deadly storms add to drought, flood and fires plaguing South – Dec 1, 2016 Authorities: Georgia woman killed in storms – Jan 3, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
The Atlantic Subscribe Search Menu Today's News: Jan. 4, 2017 Close Home Latest Most Popular Magazine Video Photo Writers News Politics Business Culture Science Technology Health Sexes U.S. Society Education Global Notes Projects Next America Events Books Shop Your AccountLog Out Log InCreate Account 2 Free Issues Try two trial issues of The Atlantic with our compliments. Claim now Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store See our Newsletters > Live BlogThe Editors Jan 4, 2017 Today's News: Jan. 4, 2017 An Israeli soldier is convicted over the death of a Palestinian in Hebron, Turkish investigators identified the New Year’s day shooter, and more from the United States and around the world. Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Amir Cohen / Reuters —An Israeli soldier who shot and killed a Palestinian attacker who had been disarmed has been convicted of manslaughter. More here —Turkish investigators have identified the man who carried out the New Year’s day attack on a nightclub in Istanbul that killed 39 people. More here —Macy’s announced that it would shut down 68 stores in the coming months. More here —We’re live-blogging the news stories of the day below. All updates are in Eastern Standard Time (GMT -5). Updates This live blog has concluded Matt Vasilogambros Jan. 4, 2017, 6:31 p.m. Tweet Share Macy's Laying Off 6,200 Employees Andrew Kelly / Reuters Following the continuing trend of massive layoffs in retail, Macy’s announced Wednesday that it would shut down 68 stores in the coming months. The closings will affect 3,900 employees at those stores, who may be offered jobs at other stores. An additional 6,200 employees at central operations, mostly in management, will lose their jobs. As customers continue to choose online shopping to in-store shopping, Macy’s is attempting to streamline its operations across the country. Terry Lundgren, the company’s CEO, said that the majority of Macy’s transactions still occur in stores. Retail stores across the country have struggled with the transition to online sales. This week, Sears announced it would close an additional 19 stores. Late last year, Wal-Mart announced it would cut 7,000 back-office jobs, while American Apparel said it may soon layoff 3,500 employees. Layoffs in retails were at their highest level in 2016 than they had been since 2010, as many companies closed unproductive stores and dealt with growing expenses and increasing wages. Krishnadev Calamur Jan. 4, 2017, 1:35 p.m. Tweet Share UPDATE: Netanyahu Backs Pardon for Convicted Israeli Soldier Elor Azaria Elor Azaria’s father prays as he stands last March over the IDF soldier who was accused of killing a Palestinian man in Hebron. A military court in Jaffa found Azaria guilty on Wednesday. (Amir Cohen / Reuters) Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he supports a pardon for Sergeant Elor Azaria, the Israeli soldier convicted of shooting and killing a Palestinian attacker who had been disarmed and was lying on the ground. Any such pardon lies in the hands of Israeli President Reuven Rivlin. Haaretz reports the defense minister and chief military prosecutor must both submit a request for a pardon to the president in order for Rivlin to act. Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman has termed calls for the pardon “ignorance and slogans.” Our original post at 7:30 a.m. ET Sergeant Elor Azaria, the Israeli soldier who shot and killed a Palestinian attacker who had been disarmed and was lying on the ground, has been convicted by an Israeli military court in Jaffa. At issue is the incident that occurred March 24, 2016. A Palestinian man, later identified as Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, and his friend, Ramzi Aziz al-Qasrawi, stabbed an Israeli soldier. Qasrawi was shot and killed. Sharif was shot, wounded, and was lying immobile on the ground. Video from the scene showed Azaria, who was standing several meters away, cocking his gun, and shooting the Palestinian in the head, killing him. The Israeli Military Police arrested Azaria, 20, investigated the killing, and later charged him with manslaughter. The case caused widespread debate in Israel that has seen a spate of random knife and vehicular attacks by Palestinians against Israeli civilians and military personnel. Azaria’s defense attorneys argued the sergeant suspected Sharif, the 21-year-old Palestinian attacker, was trying to detonate a suicide vest. But military officials contended that Azaria’s actions violated the Israel Defense Forces’s (IDF) code of conduct. Indeed, one witness, a fellow IDF soldier, testified that Azaria had told him during the incident, “They stabbed my friend and tried to kill him—he deserves to die.” The three-judge panel, which made the ruling Wednesday, said it had no reason to doubt that testimony. J. Weston Phippen Jan. 4, 2017, 11:53 a.m. Tweet Share Dylann Roof's First Words to the Jury Chuck Burton / AP Dylan Roof, the man who killed nine black parishioners at a Charleston, South Carolina, church in 2015, spoke his first words to the jury on Wednesday, telling its members “there is nothing wrong with me, psychologically.” Roof has already been convicted by a federal court of all 33 counts against him, including hate-crime charges, and faces either life in prison or the death penalty. He chose to represent himself during the penalty phase, and previously said he’d provide no evidence or witness in his defense—only a statement. He’d had been ordered by the federal judge Monday not to approach the jury or witness stand, and he was restricted to talking behind the lectern. Roof spoke for about two minutes on Wednesday, saying he’d represented himself because he didn’t want his lawyers to try to sway the jury with arguments to make him seem incompetent to stand trial. Earlier, federal prosecutors urged the jury to sentence Roof to death, and also presented a jailhouse journal Roof kept shortly after his arrest. In it, the 22-year-old white supremacist wrote that he felt no remorse. “I am not sorry. I have not shed a tear for the innocent people I killed.” J. Weston Phippen Jan. 4, 2017, 10:34 a.m. Tweet Share Burmese Government Panel: No Evidence of Genocide Against Rohingya Soe Zeya Tun / Reuters An investigation commission set up by Burma’s president has found no evidence of genocide against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state, contrary to allegations made by human-rights organizations. The interim report was released Wednesday by the commission, created by President Htin Kyaw, following international criticism over the violence against the Rohingya. The Rohingya are a Muslim minority in predominantly Buddhist Burma. Many live in Rakhine State, which shares a border with Bangladesh. The Rohingya are considered one of the world’s most persecuted people. In 2012 they were the targets of violence that killed hundreds and displaced 100,000. The most recent crackdown began in October after Burmese border guards were attacked allegedly by Rohingya. Since then the Rohingya have accused government soldiers of murder, rape, torture, and of burning their homes. The government has denied this, though there is growing evidence some of the allegations are true. Last month, 13 Nobel laureates and 10 other international humanitarian leaders petitioned the UN Security Council to intervene, calling the violence in Burma “ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity.” Krishnadev Calamur Jan. 4, 2017, 10:26 a.m. Tweet Share Commuter Train Derailment Injures 100 in Brooklyn (Reuters) Updated at 2:08 p.m. A Long Island Railroad train derailed Wednesday at the Atlantic Terminal in Brooklyn, New York, causing injuries to 103 people—none of them life-threatening, the city’s Fire Department said. The train “came off the rail” as it entered the terminal at about 8:20 a.m., a department spokesman said. The New York Times, citing an unnamed Metropolitan Transportation Authority employee, reported the “train had come into the station and went past the area where it would normally stop. It hit the bumping block, a barrier meant to stop a train in an emergency,” causing the first car to be lifted off the rails. 103 injuries reported at scene of Atlantic Terminal LIRR train derailment, all non-life-threatening pic.twitter.com/t5p78cAFlU — FDNY (@FDNY) January 4, 2017 J. Weston Phippen Jan. 4, 2017, 9:26 a.m. Tweet Share Armed Philippine Rebels Free 150 Prisoners in the Country's South Reuters Armed men with ties to a Philippine Muslim rebel group attacked a prison in the country’s south on Wednesday and freed more than 150 prisoners. The men killed at least one guard in the gunfight at North Cotabato District Jail, which holds 1,500 inmates, and is located in Kidapawan city. This area, on the southern island of Mindanao, is home to a decades-long insurgency. The attackers cut power to the prison and fired on the building. The goal apparently was to free members of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF), a rebel group. The facility has a history of prison breaks, and this is the third and largest break in the past decade. Krishnadev Calamur Jan. 4, 2017, 7:51 a.m. Tweet Share Turkey Says It Has Identified Istanbul Attacker A frame grab made from a video distributed by Turkish police shows the suspected gunman. (Dogan / Reuters) Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says investigators have identified the man who carried out the New Year’s day attack on a nightclub in Istanbul that killed 39 people. No other details were offered about the gunman, who is still at large. Several suspects were arrested Wednesday in Izmir in connection with the attack, which was claimed by the Islamic State. Another dozen people were arrested in raids in Istanbul on Thursday. The attack was the latest in Turkey that has seen a rash of similar incidents since last year, and marks, as my colleague Graeme Wood noted, the end of ISIS’s “separate peace with Turkey.” Past attacks have been blamed on Kurdish separatists and others. Back to Updates Highlights Key moments from the Blog Macy's Laying Off 6,200 Employees UPDATE: Netanyahu Backs Pardon for Convicted Israeli Soldier Elor Azaria Dylann Roof's First Words to the Jury Burmese Government Panel: No Evidence of Genocide Against Rohingya Commuter Train Derailment Injures 100 in Brooklyn Most Popular Presented by Chelsea Beck Seeking an Escape Hatch From Trump’s America Emma Green Why some Americans are withdrawing from mainstream society into “intentional communities”—and what the rest of the country can learn from them VIRGINIA— For the last eight years, Nicolas and Rachel Sarah have been slowly weaning themselves off fossil fuels. They don’t own a refrigerator or a car; their year-old baby and four-year-old toddler play by candlelight rather than electricity at night. They identify as Christian anarchists, and have given an official name to their search for an alternative to consumption-heavy American life: the Downstream Project, with the motto to “do unto those downstream as you would have those upstream do unto you.” As it turns out, exiting the system is a challenging, time-consuming, and surprisingly technical process. Here in the Shenandoahs and central Virginia, a handful of tiny communities are experimenting with what it means to reject the norms of contemporary life and exist in a radically different way. They seem to share Americans’ pervasive sense of political alienation, which arguably reached an apotheosis with the election of Donald Trump: a sense of division from their peers, a distrust of government. The challenges of modern politics—dealing with issues like climate change, poverty, mass migration, and war on a global scale—are so vast and abstract that it’s difficult not to find them overwhelming. But instead of continuing in passive despair, as many Americans seem to do, the people in these communities decided to overhaul their lives. Continue Reading Carlo Allegri / Reuters Goodbye, American Apparel Bourree Lam The 19-year old company has been purchased for $88 million, which may be the brand’s last great marketing feat. It’s finally over for American Apparel, the trendy turned-scandal plagued clothing brand whose first store opened in 1997. On Thursday, a bankruptcy court in Delaware approved an $88 million sale of the brand’s intellectual property and manufacturing equipment to Gildan, a Canadian apparel company that focuses on wholesale. Gildan will pay an additional $15 million to acquire American Apparel’s purchase orders and inventory, effectively giving the buyer all the tools it needs to launch a new clothing line from the ruins of the now defunct brand. Millennials—especially those who identify with the term hipsters—likely remember a time in the early naughts when American Apparel’s snug, expensive t-shirts were emblematic of made-in-America cool. The company’s marketing blended the feel-good altruistic mission of making things in America while its advertising featured over-the-top sex appeal of one of America’s favorite traits: youth. Continue Reading Bettmann / Getty The Curse of Econ 101 James Kwak When it comes to basic policy questions such as the minimum wage, introductory economics can be more misleading than it is helpful. In a rich, post-industrial society, where most people walk around with supercomputers in their pockets and a person can have virtually anything delivered to his or her doorstep overnight, it seems wrong that people who work should have to live in poverty. Yet in America, there are more than ten million members of the working poor: people in the workforce whose household income is below the poverty line. Looking around, it isn’t hard to understand why. The two most common occupations in the United States are retail salesperson and cashier. Eight million people have one of those two jobs, which typically pay about $9–$10 per hour. It’s hard to make ends meet on such meager wages. A few years ago, McDonald’s was embarrassed by the revelation that its internal help line was recommending that even a full-time restaurant employee apply for various forms of public assistance. Continue Reading Ian Allen My President Was Black Ta-Nehisi Coates A history of the first African American White House—and of what came next In the waning days of President Barack Obama’s administration, he and his wife, Michelle, hosted a farewell party, the full import of which no one could then grasp. It was late October, Friday the 21st, and the president had spent many of the previous weeks, as he would spend the two subsequent weeks, campaigning for the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. Things were looking up. Polls in the crucial states of Virginia and Pennsylvania showed Clinton with solid advantages. The formidable GOP strongholds of Georgia and Texas were said to be under threat. The moment seemed to buoy Obama. He had been light on his feet in these last few weeks, cracking jokes at the expense of Republican opponents and laughing off hecklers. At a rally in Orlando on October 28, he greeted a student who would be introducing him by dancing toward her and then noting that the song playing over the loudspeakers—the Gap Band’s “Outstanding”—was older than she was. Continue Reading Tom Pennington / Getty Images The Mind of Donald Trump Dan P. McAdams Narcissism, disagreeableness, grandiosity—a psychologist investigates how Trump’s extraordinary personality might shape his possible presidency. In 2006, Donald Trump made plans to purchase the Menie Estate, near Aberdeen, Scotland, aiming to convert the dunes and grassland into a luxury golf resort. He and the estate’s owner, Tom Griffin, sat down to discuss the transaction at the Cock & Bull restaurant. Griffin recalls that Trump was a hard-nosed negotiator, reluctant to give in on even the tiniest details. But, as Michael D’Antonio writes in his recent biography of Trump, Never Enough, Griffin’s most vivid recollection of the evening pertains to the theatrics. It was as if the golden-haired guest sitting across the table were an actor playing a part on the London stage. “It was Donald Trump playing Donald Trump,” Griffin observed. There was something unreal about it. Continue Reading Mike Segar/Reuters Will Mike Pence Be Trump’s Bridge to Democrats? Alex Wagner Indiana Democrats weigh in on their experience with the former governor. Though he has not yet been installed in the Oval Office, Donald Trump has already made life fairly complex for his Republican brethren in Congress. Most recently, in an interview with the New York Times this week, Trump singlehandedly threw the GOP’s Obamacare repeal process into chaos, insisting that a repeal vote would come “probably some time next week” and a replacement “very quickly or simultaneously, very shortly thereafter.” Neither was correct, but especially the replacement timeline: Congressional Republicans  are quietly insisting that it will be weeks before a replacement bill is ready—maybe even months (or years!).   The only person in the administration who seemed willing to acknowledge this reality is Vice President-elect Mike Pence.  In a press conference earlier this month, following a meeting with Republican lawmakers, Pence said: “The architecture of the replacement of Obamacare will come together, as it should, through the legislative process in the weeks and months ahead.” Continue Reading Paul Windle Machiavelli Was Right Michael Ignatieff The shocking lesson of The Prince isn’t that politics demands dirty hands, but that politicians shouldn’t care. You remember the photograph: President Obama hunched in a corner of the Situation Room with his national-security staff, including Hillary Clinton with a hand over her mouth, watching the live feed from the compound in Pakistan where the killing of Osama bin Laden is under way. This is a Machiavellian moment: a political leader taking the ultimate risks that go with the exercise of power, now awaiting the judgment of fate. He knows that if the mission fails, his presidency is over, while if it succeeds, no one should ever again question his willingness to risk all. It’s a Machiavellian moment in a second sense: an instance when public necessity requires actions that private ethics and religious values might condemn as unjust and immoral. We call these moments Machiavellian because it was Niccolò Machiavelli’s The Prince, written in 1513, that first laid bare the moral world of politics and the gulf between private conscience and the demands of public action. Continue Reading WIkimedia Commons Why More Writers Should Talk About Money Joseph Frankel A new collection of essays and interviews breaks one of the biggest taboos of the literary world. Money makes people anxious—perhaps even more so with writers. The relationship between commerce and writing is commonly sketched out in caricatures: the starving artist, the hapless student, the privileged few who “make it.” More often, it’s not addressed at all. In the past few years, some writers have begun to more openly approach questions of class. The internet has seen a profusion of such pieces: A writer who is “sponsored” by her husband calls on other writers to be more transparent about where their money comes from. Another outlines the clear advantages that being born rich, connected, and able to attend expensive schools furnishes to becoming a successful writer. In another case, a woman who wrote a well-received debut novel details how she went broke after a single advance. Continue Reading Morgan Heim / Day’s Edge Production The Hermit Who Inadvertently Shaped Climate-Change Science J. Weston Phippen Billy Barr moved to the Rocky Mountains four decades ago, got bored one winter, and decided to keep a notebook that has become the stuff of legend. It was a year into his life alone in Colorado’s Rocky Mountains when Billy Barr began his recordings. It started as a curiosity, a task to busy his mind during the winter. By no means, Barr told me, having skied down from his cabin to use the nearest phone, did he set out to make a vital database for climate change scientists. “Hell no!” he said. “I didn’t know anything about climate change at the time.” In 1973 Barr had dropped out of college and made his home an abandoned mining shack at the base of Gothic Mountain, a 12,600-foot stone buttress. The cold winds blew through the shack’s wood slat walls as if they didn’t exist; he shared the bare dirt floor with a skunk and pine marten, his only regular company for much of the year. Barr had moved from the East Coast to the Rocky Mountains precisely because of the solitude, but he couldn’t escape boredom. Especially that first winter. So he measured snow levels, animal tracks, and in spring the first jubilant calls of birds returning. He filled a notebook with these observations; then another notebook. This has continued now for 44 years. Continue Reading Chris Wattie / Reuters How State-Sponsored Blackmail Works in Russia Julia Ioffe The art of kompromat In January 1999, Prosecutor General Yury Skuratov was summoned to the Kremlin by then-President Boris Yeltsin’s chief of staff, who showed him a videotape of “a man who looked like” Skuratov frolicking in bed with two prostitutes. Then he asked Skuratov to resign, even though the prosecutor was in the middle of investigating Yeltsin’s administration for taking bribes from a Swiss firm trying to secure lucrative contracts for Kremlin renovations. It was a grainy tape and Skuratov would later say it was fake, but he submitted his resignation nonetheless. What happened next was one of the most decisive battles in determining who would replace Yeltsin when his second presidential term expired in 2000. Skuratov’s resignation had to be confirmed by the Federation Council, the upper chamber of the Russian parliament—back when it had not yet become a Kremlin rubber stamp. The Federation Council balked and asked Skuratov to testify, but the day before he appeared on the floor, RTR TV ran the tape on its evening news, calling the segment “Three in a Bed.” When the Federation Council continued to resist the Kremlin, and Skuratov tried to go back to work as if nothing happened, the tape was played on TV again, this time on the program of the notorious media hit man Sergei Dorenko. Allowing children to see the tape, Dorenko said, would make it harder for parents to raise them patriotically; this was, after all, the prosecutor general of the Russian Federation, “not Mick Jagger, who can run around the beach with a naked behind.” Continue Reading Against Empathy Caitlin Cadieux and Paul Bloom From a moral standpoint, it makes the world worse. Watch Video How Tweed Gets Made Nadine Ajaka A short film from the Harris Tweed Authority looks at how the sought-after Scottish cloth is woven by hand. Watch Video A Tour of One of America's Most Toxic Rivers Nadine Ajaka In a boat ride along the polluted Passaic in New Jersey, a captain explains how it got this way. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Bartlesville Radio: The area’s best source for news, weather and sports! LISTEN LIVE! KWON — News/Talk KYFM — Your Favorite Music KRIG — Real Country KPGM — Pawhuska Home News Local News Weather Related Closings Coffeyville Crude Prices Sunrise Reporter Weather Road Condition Maps Local Forecast Weather Radar Area River Levels Area Lake Levels WeatherLINE K1-TXT Sports Coach's Corner Sports Schedules & Scores Bruin Buzz Archived Broadcasts John McKee Show Oklahoma Sooners Oklahoma State Cowboys Tulsa Golden Hurricane Dallas Cowboys St. Louis Cardinals Bartlesville Sports Commission Community Inter-State Farm and Home Show Obituaries Dog GONE Community Events Coupons Birthdays Anniversaries Birth Announcements Wedding & Engagements Stations KWON 1400 AM & 93.3 FM KWON - Your Information Station KWON Programming KYFM 100.1 FM KYFM Bright Star 100.1 KYFM Programming (HD-1) KRIG 104.9 FM KRIG - Real Country KRIG Programming Schedule KPGM 1500 AM KPGM - AM 1500 KPGM Programming Schedule Submit News Sporting Event Community Event Weather Related Closings Dog GONE Weddings Engagement Anniversary Birth Annnouncement Birthdays Obituaries On Demand Community Connection Homecoming Interviews Campaign Corner Consumer Calls Class Days One on One with a Professional KWON Tech Talk Green Country Gardener Capitol Call Somethin' in the Oven with Shanna Lovin Photos Gallery Submit Photo or Video Contact Rent Tower Space Meet the Staff Advertising Opportunities BartlesvilleRadio.com Advertising Plans Radio Advertising Plans Top Ten Reasons to Advertise Radio Rules The Last Impression ... Lasts! Tips on Radio Advertising How Advertising Works Meet Us Employment Opportunities About Us Weather Related Closings advertisements Join "R-Mail", Our Online Newsletter Email: News City of Bartlesville Posted: Jan 04, 2017 4:41 PMUpdated: Jan 04, 2017 4:43 PM First Baby Born In 2017 Announced   Ben Nicholas The first baby of 2017 was a baby girl, born on Tuesday afternoon at Jane Phillips Medical Center. Tandy Elizabeth Kate Landes was born at 2:21 p.m. to Sarah Dotson and Ricky Landes. Tandy Elizabeth is 19 1/2 inches long and weighs 6 pounds, 6 ounces.  The family will receive a 100-dollar WalMart gift card from Family Dentistry, a massage by Amy Morris and a facial from Susan Hayden at Bella Vita Salon and Spa, a gift basket from Jane Phillips Medical Center, a baby thermometer from Boulevard Discount Pharmacy, a 25-dollar gift card from Glorious Connections, a 50-dollar savings bond from Arnold Moore & Neekamp Funeral Home, a gift basket from Monday's Liquor Store and The Thirsty Turtle, a 50-dollar savings account from Arvest Bank, a vintage pearl Messy Nest necklace from The French Nest, a 100-dollar savings bond from Blue Sky Bank, a made-in-Bartlesville gift basket from Bartlesville Print Shop, a pedicure from Elite Nails, and dinner for two from Dink's Barbeque.  Welcome to the world Tandy Elizabeth Kate Landes, from your friends at Bartlesville Radio. « Back to News Advertising Opportunities Contest Rules About Us Make Us Your Home Page Employment Opportunities Terms of Use Privacy Contact Us 2017 © KCD Enterprises. All Rights Reserved. View Mobile Site
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Dr. Gridlock Metro Transit Police investigating after woman says she was robbed at knifepoint on Green Line train The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Faiz Siddiqui January 4 Follow faizsays A recent view of the Gallery Place Metro stop. (Photo by Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post) Metro Transit Police are investigating a woman’s account that she was was robbed and held at knifepoint by a group of men on a Green Line train last month, the transit agency said Wednesday, in a case that was not previously detailed to the public. Dana Lucas, 27, of Temple Hills, Md., said she was riding the Green Line toward Branch Avenue when a group of men attacked her and fled with her belongings. She said one of the men punched her multiple times in the ear and jaw, and another held a knife to her throat. The attack began near L’Enfant Plaza about 9:30 p.m on Dec. 15. After The Post inquired about the case Tuesday, a Metro Transit Police captain emailed Lucas seeking further details. Metro listed the incident in its weekly police blotter, but the details — including suspect descriptions — were not disseminated to the public. Lucas said she had just finished shopping at the H Street Walmart when she boarded the train at Gallery Place, intending to take Metro to Naylor Road. Around L’Enfant Plaza, Lucas said, she noticed a group of men — some of whom were wearing ski masks — toward the back of her car. Later as she she was sitting down, one of the men began tugging on her purse, she said. When she resisted, noticing her bag was unzipped, she turned around and noticed the attacker smirking. Finally she began pulling her purse away, and he became angry. [‘I’m risking my life’: Some Metro riders worry as serious crimes rise] “He smiles, he stood up and was like ‘this b—- think she’s strong,'” she said. When she again reached for her purse, she said, two other men walked toward her. Then, she said, one of the men punched her near her left ear and jaw. The other men took her grocery bags and grabbed for her purse. The last one held a knife to her throat, she said. “Stop fighting and give them what they want,” she recalled him saying. At Waterfront, Lucas said, the men fled the train as another female passenger screamed at them to leave her alone. Lucas said she got off at Anacostia and sought help. At Anacostia, Lucas said, a Metro Transit Police officer directed her to a station manager, who bounced the case back to Transit Police. Finally the station manager took down her name. Lucas reported the incident to Transit Police early the following morning; the report lists 7:06 a.m. “This case is being actively investigated and detectives are working with the victim to get additional information,” Metro spokesman Ron Holzer said. “A review of camera footage at Waterfront Station, where the victim reported the suspects exited, did not show persons matching the description provided, based on the information detectives have at this time.” [Man suffers concussion, broken jaw on Metro’s Red Line in rush hour attack] Lucas said she was frustrated that Metro didn’t publicize the incident in an effort to find her attackers. She said she provided details, such as the clothing the attackers were wearing; a man with mismatched gloves, another with a red jacket and a chain. Metro said it disclosed the incident in its police blotter the week it happened. The case is classified as a robbery with a dangerous weapon, and the incident report shows Lucas lost at least $200 in addition to $60 in groceries from three Walmart shopping bags. Lucas is a facilities assistant at Georgetown law firm Kelley Drye & Warren LLP. “Obviously you go anywhere in society and things can happen, but it just seems like we’re seeing so many things happen on Metro and their response is just so scattershot and haphazard,” said Mindy Pava, a Kelley Drye attorney who has helped Lucas. “Anything could happen, but it’s just troubling that that was the response especially when the agency says ‘we’re gonna have this new policy in place to try to report crimes and give publicity.’ Well they certainly didn’t follow that stated goal in this case.” [D.C. man accused of raping woman at knifepoint before 10 a.m. on Metro train] Last spring, Metro instituted a policy of reporting violent crimes on the day they happen after riders and elected officials were outraged that the agency did not disclose that a woman was allegedly raped on a Red Line train during the morning commute April 12. That incident didn’t come to light until court proceedings a month later. In the Green Line case, Metro said the first report didn’t come until the following day. Lucas said her injuries sent her to the doctor after her ear began “popping.” And now, she says, she’s afraid to ride Metro alone. Her five-year-old daughter fears for her mother. “Now every time I leave my house my daughter is like ‘Mom, are you going to be alone?’ Lucas said. ‘”I don’t want you to get robbed and hurt again, that hurts my feelings a lot.”   local dr-gridlock Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local dr-gridlock Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Faiz Siddiqui is a metro reporter covering transportation and local issues. He has previously contributed to NPR, The Boston Globe and the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. Follow @faizsays 32 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 There goes the neighborhood: Obamas, Ivanka Trump, Jeff Bezos moving in 2 A gynecologist secretly photographed patients. What’s their pain worth? 3 She was abducted from a hospital as a newborn. 18 years later, she met her birth parents. 4 Trump transition team says it asked D.C. National Guard general to stay 5 Meet the biker hosting the biggest pro-Trump demonstration at the inauguration Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local dr-gridlock Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs director, business development General Dynamics sr systems engineer General Dynamics sql database administrator General Dynamics washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The reason Amazon won’t kill the mom-and-pop convenience store The Washington Post Gene Marks 1/4/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How the country's biggest praline maker survived a divorce Bigger tax breaks, new health care options on tap for 2017 © Reuters/Jason Redmond An Amazon employee holds a bag with goods outside the Amazon Go brick-and-mortar grocery store without lines or checkout counters, in Seattle last month. Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not necessarily represent the views of MSN or Microsoft. A block from where I live is a popular grocery store. It’s not big enough to be considered a supermarket, but it has more than just the basics. I shop there a few days a week, buying everything from milk and produce to frozen food and meats. According to data from the National Association of Convenience Stores, there are more than 154,000 such places across the country. Almost two-thirds of them are owned by single-store operators and 81 percent also sell gas. It’s an enormous industry made up mostly of small business owners. And it’s about to undergo a huge change that will challenge their survival. Just last month, Amazon announced that it would be soon opening a first of its kind, fully automated grocery store called Amazon Go. (Amazon.com chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos owns The Washington Post). Using radio frequency powered sensors, beacons and other mobile and Internet of Things technologies, items pulled from a shelf will be automatically detected, tracked and paid for without a shopper having to stand in line or deal with another human being. Amazon’s not alone. Come this February, certain Lawson stores in Japan will be testing new machines from Panasonic that can automatically scan multiple items placed in a basket so shoppers can exit a store quickly. We’re just getting started. Self-service automation is quickly becoming the status quo for the grocery and convenience store industry. East Coast chains like Wawa and Sheetz have been using automated kiosks for years that accept orders for their takeaway sandwich counters. Food stores have installed un-manned stations socustomers can scan and pay for their own items without human interaction. Automated restaurants, like the one I wrote about a few weeks ago, are popping up in cities. Convenience and grocery stores operate on very thin margins. According to data provided to me by the research firm SageWorks, the typical convenience store averages a net profit of just two-percent on its sales. Compounding this problem is the demand by many customers, armed with smartphones and mobile payment services, for a quicker and better customer experience as well as the challenges posed by CVS, Rite Aid, Walmart and other big-box operators who are selling food and similar items in direct competition. Many believe that self-service technology will go a long way towards helping this industry cope with these changes while remaining profitable in the years to come. It will make things faster and more fun while lowering operating costs. “Technology will be redefining convenience,” says Jeff Lenard, a vice-president at the convenience store association. The problem, of course, is cost. Sure, it’s easy for bigger companies like Amazon, Wawa and Walmart to invest in this technology. But how does a mom-and-pop store like my corner grocer, already struggling, make this kind of investment? Could this be the end of these stores as we know it? I don’t believe so and for one reason: it has to be done. And the good news is that it’s been done before. In the same industry. Think back, if you can, to the 1960’s and early 1970’s. During that time in America, most gas stations were small businesses just like today’s convenience store industry. Like today, many also sold food and grocery items. But in those days, buying gas was a manual process where a full-service attendant washed your windows, checked your oil and either took cash or ran your credit card through one of those manual shuck-shuck things that required your signature and left you with a paper receipt. But then oil prices rose, along with inflation. Consumers became even more cost-conscious. Operating a gas station became more challenging. Around that same time saw the introduction of the self-service payment systems that enabled customers to fill their own tanks and pay for the gas in return for a lower price. The investment was significant, particularly for small operators. But they did it because they had to. Just like today, those same business owners needed to meet their customer demands and also do something to reduce their overhead and remain profitable. Many then were worried that filling and buying at the pump would reduce their inside store sales. But the opposite happened: more people paid at the pump which meant there were shorter lines for those that went in the stores and hence: more convenience. Store operators were able to expand their selections, their volume and their margins. The acceptance of self-service technology at a place that we all visited once or twice a week gave rise to this same technology in other parts of our lives, from airline tickets to taxi cabs to anything we now buy online from our homes. We’re about to see the same disruption once again over the next few years in the grocery and convenience store industry. Employees won’t be entirely eliminated because experienced managers understand that human interaction is always important and (until Silicon Valley figures it out) they’ll be needed if at least for age-verification when customers purchase tobacco, alcohol or a lottery ticket. And let’s face it – the minute something doesn’t work customers demand immediate attention and will punish those stores who don’t respond with a bad Yelp review. “Convenience stores have thrived because they meet the demand for immediate consumption with the average experience at your typical store being about three minutes.” Says Lenard. “But I would think that anybody competing with Amazon better be paying attention.” Like it did in the early 1970’s, new technology will transform this industry. The smart business owners in this space are already making their conversion plans. They will finance these investments with loans and savings. Increased profits over the past few years due to lower gas costs should help. Regardless, these owners will do this because they will have to. Like most business owners who are forced unwillingly to spend money, they will grumble and complain that they have to make the investment. But in the long run, I expect they’ll look back and be happy that they made this choice. Why? As Lenard puts it: “the “inconvenience” store industry is a bad place to be. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Surface business plans starting at $53.25/month | Sponsored Buy a select Surface, get $500 off Autodesk | Sponsored Find the right business credit card | Sponsored AdChoices AdChoices More from The Washington Post The Trumps: An unusual first family The Washington Post Highlights from the last 75 years of Inauguration performances The Washington Post One of Europe’s most powerful jobs is up for grabs. It’s a bad sign for the E.U. that no one’s paying attention. The Washington Post Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ in Obamacare replacement plan The Washington Post The Washington Post View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Contact Us Community Calendar Rison In The Fall 2016 – Entry Forms News News Briefs Features Editorials Letters to the Editor Cook Column Sports Sports Briefs Photos Obituaries Classifieds Public Notices e-Herald Subscribe or Renew Today! Julia Ray Posted by admin on Jan 4, 2017 in Obituaries | 0 comments Julia Ellen Ray, 61, of the Randall community near Rison, passed away Saturday, December 31, 2016. Mrs. Ray was born August 26, 1955 in Cleveland County, to Robert and Margie Kesterson Rodgers. She was a retired employee of Wal-Mart. Mrs. Ray was preceded in death by her parents and grandparents. Survivors include her husband, Mark Ray of Randall; one son, Allen (Bambi) Wilson of Randall; one brother, Burt Rodgers of Randall; and two grandchildren, Darian and Dalton Wilson. Graveside services were Tuesday, January 3, 2017, at Pleasant Ridge Cemetery near Rison with Bro. Bryan Smith officiating. Funeral arrangements were under the direction of Buie Funeral Home of Rison. To sign an online register go to www.buiefuneralhome.com. ﻿ Comments are closed. Cleveland County Football 2016 Click the image to download the 2016 Cleveland County Football Tabloid. Search The Paper Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events at this time. Get Local Powered by WordPress | Designed by Elegant Themes
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 求人 広告主様へ Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS Here come 'smart stores' with robots, interactive shelves By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Technology Jan. 05, 2017 - 06:13AM JST ( 9 ) This photo provided by SoftBank Robotics America demonstrates a shopping experience with SoftBank Robotics' humanoid robot called Pepper, waving at right. AP photo LAS VEGAS — Tomorrow’s retail stores want to take a page from their online rivals by embracing advanced technology — everything from helpful robots to interactive mirrors to shelves embedded with sensors. The goal: Use these real-world store features to lure shoppers back from the internet, and maybe even nudge them to spend more in the process. Amazon’s new experimental grocery store in Seattle, opening in early 2017, will let shoppers buy goods without needing to stop at a checkout line. Sensors track items as shoppers put them into baskets or return them to the shelf. The shopper’s Amazon account gets automatically charged. “Amazon, for good or bad, has been setting the path,” said Robert Hetu, research director at Gartner Research. “Each retailer is going to have to respond in some way. But it’s not one-size-fits-all.” Kroger, Neiman Marcus and Lowe’s are among the companies already experimenting with futuristic retail stores. Robots, for instance, could help guide shoppers to the right aisle, while augmented reality apps could help you see how a particular shade of paint will look in the living room — or how you might look in a pair of jeans. Many of these technologies will be unveiled or demonstrated at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which begins Tuesday with media previews. Plenty of retailers have learned through trial — and error — that technology can’t get too far ahead of shoppers. It has to be easy to use and beneficial to shoppers in some way, whether it’s to save time or money. If retailers get it right, they might succeed in boosting spending at retail stores at a time when consumers increasingly prefer to shop online. Here are five technologies coming to a store near you. SMART SHELVES Web retailers have plenty of data on their customers. Some of these online technologies can even track shoppers from site to site to lure them back with what’s known as retargeting ads — promos targeted to what that shopper has looked at before, but didn’t actually buy. Smart shelves with sensors promise the same kind of in-depth consumer behavior analytics at retail stores. At a Kroger store in Cold Spring, Ohio, shelves currently show digitized price tags and information about the products. The next step is to tie that to individual shoppers. For example, for a shopper who prefers gluten-free products, the price tags could light up in the aisle where all the gluten-free options are. The company says this will all be done with the customer’s permission. Perch Interactive, a startup that is working with chains like Sunglass Hut and fragrance maker Jo Malone, uses laser and motion sensors to detect when a product is picked up. Perch monitors the interactions and lets retailers know what people pick up but don’t buy. It also offers recommendations: When a shopper picks up a Jo Malone product, an interactive display pops up to show a complementary fragrance. ROBOTS Amazon and other retailers have long used robots in warehouses to help package and ship orders. But what about interacting with shoppers? Home improvement retailer Lowe’s is testing robots in one of its San Jose, California, store, and plans to roll them out to 10 more stores in the state this year. Besides scanning shelves for inventory, the robots can guide customers to specific products in both English and Spanish. Shoppers will also start seeing robots that interact with them more deeply. Japanese joint venture SoftBank Robotics is testing a 4-foot humanoid robot called Pepper at two Westfield Malls in California. They greet shoppers and can do a little dance, but have the potential to send messages geared to people’s age and gender through facial recognition. SoftBank Robotics says it’s working with clothing retailers to help suggest outfits to shoppers. INTERACTIVE MIRRORS High-end clothing stores are testing interactive mirrors in dressing areas, a key place where shoppers decide whether to buy or not. Neiman Marcus has installed these outside fitting rooms at 20 stores to offer shoppers a 360-degree view of what an outfit looks like. Shoppers can make side-by-side comparisons without having to try them all on. They can also share video with friends for feedback. Variations include capturing a customer’s session at the beauty counter and emailing a video to help the person recreate the look at home. Rent the Runway, an online retailer that lets people rent high-end clothing, teamed up with Samsung to have digital displays highlight its online inventory for shoppers at a new location in New York. A mirror in the store is planned to recommend items that go with what the customer is wearing. VIRTUAL AND AUGMENTED REALITY Home improvement retailers have been embracing virtual reality and augmented reality to help shoppers figure out ways to decorate homes or apartments. With such technologies, shoppers wear a headset to picture how something might look in 3-D, in some cases overlaid on top of their real kitchen or living room. Home Depot’s augmented reality app lets customers upload a picture of the room on their phone and thumb through thousands of paint and stain colors until they arrive at one that’s right. These tools should become more pervasive. At CES, a major clothing chain is expected to announce a tool for shoppers to virtually try on jeans and other items. SELF-CHECKOUT Stores have been pushing self-service kiosks for years to lower labor costs and speed up checkout lines. It hasn’t always been smooth, though. Two years ago, Wal-Mart offered a Scan & Go app for shoppers to scan items as they grabbed them from the shelves. At the checkout counter, the customer merely had to scan a code to complete the transaction. But Wal-Mart scrapped the project after customers found the app difficult to use. Despite Wal-Mart’s hiccups, plenty of stores believe they can avoid the pitfalls. Andy Wong, partner at Accenture’s Kurt Salmon Digital, said Wal-Mart had a tougher time because its customers are diverse and less techy overall. By contrast, Amazon is trying out its store in Seattle, a tech center, and has a customer base already comfortable with digital shopping. Wong also said Amazon is smart to focus just on groceries, and he expects other retailers to follow Amazon’s lead and also focus on certain products. In fact, shortly after Amazon announced its checkout-less store, Panasonic Corp. unveiled an unstaffed bagging system at a Lawson convenience store in Japan. Shoppers place a “smart” basket with their items on a machine at checkout. The system calculates the bill and automatically bags the items. Shoppers now have to scan items they put into the basket, though wireless tags coming in February will eliminate that step. Shoppers still have to manually pay using cash or card. As retailers consider automated self-checkout and other technologies, they have to look beyond the tech wizardry. “It all has to go back to the consumer,” Gartner’s Hetu said. “For each environment, you have to assess what the consumer will interpret as value.” Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tweet Back to top Order by Time Order by Popularity 9 Comments Login to comment 1 papigiulioJan. 05, 2017 - 08:50AM JST Actually not really happy with where this is going, yes it might be convenient but as I see now, when I rent a video at Tsutaya, they have these DIY counters where one has to scan their own stuff, etc. It actually takes more time because some people dont know how to use them and I miss the interaction with the staff. I always liked to make a quick chat and be on my way. I also think online shopping will grow even bigger, more people are getting lazier to get out of the house and delivery is also getting faster. 4 WakarimasenJan. 05, 2017 - 10:09AM JST all these automations just put people out of work and add to frustrations for the consumer. 1 wanderlustJan. 05, 2017 - 10:19AM JST The self-checkout machines for a book store at London's Heathrow airport seems to always have 2 or 3 staff helping customers checkout and pay, as their interfaces are so badly designed. Waiting staff (!) direct you to them, then end up having to come over and help you. Like others, I like to have a brief chat with the staff. 0 RichardPearceJan. 05, 2017 - 07:26PM JST Here's my prediction for what the 'smart shelf' pricing labels will soon be used for, changing prices based on the time you're shopping. If you're doing your shopping on the way home from work or a similarly busy time, you're almost certainly going to be less price sensitive and more time sensitive, and so willing to pay more rather than make another stop to save a little. On the other hand, if you're shopping at an off peak time, odds are good that you will be willing and able to go to the competition over the smallest of price differences. And given how big a difference to the bottom line of the retailer only competing on prices when it'll make a difference in the volume of sales will represent, that's what will change quickly and widely. 1 sf2kJan. 06, 2017 - 03:01AM JST Talk about sucking the life out of the shopping experience... Just don't talk. At all. With no more mom and pop stores there's even less reason to be a patron. You're not directly supporting anyone's family or anything in the community in which you live, just some company's shareholder "value". You're being told to be a bit. No better than a drone Please frequent stores for humans by humans. Otherwise if your only sense of value is the price embrace your robot overlords -1 StrangerlandJan. 06, 2017 - 03:14AM JST Please frequent stores for humans by humans. Otherwise if your only sense of value is the price embrace your robot overlords One thing that has always bothered me about Japanese people in general, is the wish to go to big box stores, rather than making an effort to support small retailers. Of course some people do, or there would be no small retailers, but for the most part, that idea of being willing to spend a little more to support a local business is nothing compared to what I've seen in other countries. 0 sf2kJan. 06, 2017 - 12:28PM JST One thing that has always bothered me about Japanese people in general, is the wish to go to big box stores, rather than making an effort to support small retailers That's too bad. I've had nice conversations with clerks and owners of shops in Japan. It struck me as odd that the youth never struck up a chat but it was always the seasoned clerk or owner who did. 1 Kobuta ChanJan. 07, 2017 - 01:17AM JST I hope French store owners will deploy Robot shop attendants instead of hiring human shop attendants in their stores. 0 JonathanJoJan. 11, 2017 - 08:46AM JST My local UK supermarket introduced a points card that would enable them to get to know what sort of products I buy, perhaps to target me with tempting offers. Checking their Ts and Cs however, I was aghast to see that they would "attempt to deduce my religion" based on what I bought. Given the possibility that lists of Jews, Muslims etc might be of interest to hackers, I decided they could keep their loyalty card, and I'd stick to paying with hard cash. It makes me wonder what Amazon etc will do with the data they collect using these new technologies. Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight Summer 2017 Semester at Temple University, Japan Campus Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA Kagoshima Tour Ep.3 Ms GreenTravel / Hotels Top Jobs in Japan, Jan 13-19, 2017 Japan Today CareersJobs Special Offers AJE Spring Adventure Camp Offer ends: n/a Work in Japan Search the Largest English Job Board in Japan. Find a Job Now! More in Technology Gadget mountain rising in Asia threatens health, environment Jan. 16, 2017 - 06:48AM JST ( 2 ) Japanese scientists say they are closer to solving mystery of Earth's core Jan. 15, 2017 - 06:36AM JST ( 9 ) Smartphone, internet use at record high in U.S.: survey Jan. 14, 2017 - 02:31AM JST ( 3 ) Nintendo Switch game console to go on sale in March Jan. 13, 2017 - 05:00PM JST ( 2 ) U.S. court revives civil suit against Apple's App Store Jan. 13, 2017 - 12:20PM JST ( 1 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 Widowed Japanese increasingly choosing to cut ties with aged in-laws 22 2 12 caught cheating in Japan's unified college exams 20 3 Trump denounces Streep as 'overrated Clinton flunky' 248 4 Trump's busy Day 1: Scrap Obama orders, deport illegals 13 5 Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights leader; protests begin across U.S. 160 View all Kobe White Bar Owner Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:25AM JST @Striker In addition, the inheritance of assets from the spouse’s estate remains possible. This part doesn't… Posted in: Widowed Japanese increasingly choosing to cut ties with aged in-laws Raw Beer Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:22AM JST Obama seems determined to start a war with Russia before he leaves office. Posted in: Kremlin counts days to Trump's inauguration, blasts Obama SenseNotSoCommon Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:22AM JST You missed the pledge to reevaluate our war-first policy. No more bombing, invading and occupying other… Posted in: Trump's busy Day 1: Scrap Obama orders, deport illegals toshiko Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:18AM JST Kennedy did not comment what tins wrote when she came to Japan. AST that time, no… Posted in: Japanese gov't highly praises outgoing U.S. Ambassador Kennedy's work kohakuebisu Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:14AM JST I think this comes under the category of "compatibility". If you can't take the odd remark,… Posted in: Love in Japan: Common post-honeymoon stage issues View all Time to Buy in Japan Find the perfect home today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us facebook twitter RSS
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Entertainment Mike Rowe Heard About Ford’s Decision And He’s Ecstatic Kaitlan Collins Entertainment Editor 4:39 PM 01/04/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5406145 Mike Rowe congratulated Ford Motor after the automaker announced that it was canceling plans to build a plant in Mexico and instead moving 700 jobs to Detroit in a “vote of confidence” for Donald Trump. Mike Rowe (Photo: MANDEL NGAN/AFP/GettyImages) In a lengthy Facebook post Wednesday, the 54-year-old host of “Dirty Jobs” congratulated the company in its “big, fat victory.” “I just read that my old employer, The Ford Motor Company, has reversed their decision to build a $1.6 billion manufacturing plant in Mexico, opting instead to invest $700 million in a Michigan assembly line,” Rowe wrote. “I’d like to take a moment to congratulate Ford, its current employees, its future employees, the great state of Michigan, and of course, The United States of America.” “This is a big, fat victory for anyone who wants to see America get back to the business of making things.” (Mike Rowe: Celebrities Only Encourage Their Fans To Vote So Liberals Will Get Elected) (Photo: Alex Wong/Getty Images) Rowe acknowledged that the company will be accused of acting in its own self-interest. “Will Ford’s decision be politicized? Yup. Will Ford be accused of acting in their own self-interest? Yup. Will critics say Ford could do more, and criticize them for doing too little? Yup. Will the media overwhelm us with articles that explain why this is no big deal, and how Ford’s decision will ultimately result in no new jobs? Yup.” “Do me a favor – ignore these people. They don’t know how to feel good about anything other than feeling bad. They don’t understand the value of justifiable optimism — or it’s importance.” (Mike Rowe: Media Wants To Impact Election By Labeling Trump Voters ‘Uneducated’) “Honestly, I don’t care what your politics are, or your opinion of NAFTA, The UAW, The New F-150, rich people, poor people, The Global Economy, or The President-Elect – this is good news, and sensible people should celebrate it,” he continued. “The company who invented mass production is once again betting on the future of America! What’s the worst part about that? And if I’m reading this right, it’s happening – at least in part – because of new ‘pro-growth policies, and a more positive manufacturing environment for US business.'” (Photo: MANDEL NGAN/AFP/GettyImages) “Couple years ago, I narrated a commercial for Walmart that announced their commitment to invest a quarter trillion dollars in US Manufacturing. That’s $250,000,000,000.00. That’s a lot of zeros.” “The backlash was instantaneous. People with an axe to grind against Walmart were livid with me, and thousands came to this page to tell me personally they hoped that Walmart would fail. Why? Because some people hate Walmart more than they care about America. Some people can’t see the bigger picture. Some people don’t understand if companies like Walmart choose NOT to invest in this country, no one will. And they don’t realize the importance of other companies, following their example.” “Bottom line — we need more companies to do what Ford just did. We need to support decisions like this one. And most of all, we need more policies that reward the kind of behavior we want to encourage.” (RELATED: Mike Rowe Was Refreshingly Humble When Asked Why He Didn’t Serve In The Military) Tags: Donald Trump, Ford, Mike Rowe Hide Comments   Show comments Slideshows This UFC Star’s Instagram Account Is Straight Fire And Full Of Bikinis [SLIDESHOW] 10:51 PM 01/12/2017 27 Times Victoria’s Secret Angel Josephine Skriver Took Her Top Off [SLIDESHOW] 10:37 PM 01/11/2017 This UFC Star’s Instagram Account Is Full Of Revealing Photos [SLIDESHOW] 10:42 PM 01/10/2017 26 Times Lindsey Pelas Went Topless [SLIDESHOW] 10:22 PM 01/09/2017 The Best Looks From The Golden Globes Red Carpet [SLIDESHOW] 11:08 PM 01/08/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
