News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Fowler Tom Sorensen All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Business April 6, 2017 6:00 AM Charlotte’s grocery wars: Who’s up, who’s down? Jenna Greenwood, a Shipt Shopper, shops at the Ballantyne Harris Teeter earlier this year. Diedra Laird dlaird@charlotteobserver.com i By Katherine Peralta kperalta@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story It seems like almost everywhere you look in the booming parts of Charlotte, a grocery store is either under construction or undergoing a renovation. The city’s long-running grocery wars are heating up, with Florida-based Publix muscling in on hometown grocer Harris Teeter’s turf and low-cost chains like Aldi pressing ahead with expansion. The intense competition shows no sign of letting up – and that could be good news for shoppers. Matthews-based Harris Teeter is once again the No. 1 supermarket chain in the Charlotte region by market share, according to a tally of 2016 revenue from sales-tracking firm Chain Store Guide. Wal-Mart Supercenters are the area’s No. 2 grocery destination, and Salisbury-based Food Lion is No. 3. Despite their high rankings, Wal-Mart and Food Lion both saw their market shares slip over the last year. Harris Teeter, on the other hand, grew its market share. So did Publix, which entered the market in 2014 and competes closely with Harris Teeter. Publix, based in Lakeland, Fla., is Charlotte’s No. 4 grocery chain. Phil Lempert, a supermarket analyst, says the competition in Charlotte’s grocery market is going to get even hotter, as discount European chains like Aldi and Lidl open new stores in the area. It could be especially true as Publix wraps up construction on several more stores around Charlotte, he said. “You’re going to see a price war,” Lempert said of the phenomenon of retailers beating out their competitors with low prices. “That’s great news for consumers, not such great news for retailers themselves,” who are already pressured by tight margins. The population of the Charlotte metro area has increased by 2.35 percent over the last year, according to Chain Store Guide’s report, but total area grocery sales surged by 4.75 percent over the same period. Shoppers could be spending more as the area’s economy improves, as they’re faced with more options and sparkly new amenities, and as grocery delivery services like Shipt launch in Charlotte. Still, as the Observer reported last month, lower-income areas are left behind as grocery wars heat up elsewhere in the city. Supermarkets have not been expanding into certain areas, such as the West Boulevard corridor, where the only full-service grocer for miles is a Wal-Mart Supercenter. On the other end of the price spectrum, Whole Foods and Fresh Market command a much smaller – 1 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively – share of Charlotte’s grocery market, ranking them at No. 16 and No. 17. That could start to change for Whole Foods, which is building its third area location uptown. &nbsp; facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:45 Commutation recipient James Patterson Jr. had sentence reduced because of Obama Pause 0:25 Raptor Center hopes donations soar like an eagle 2:37 Add this to S-Town buzz: Carolinians may know the professor 0:58 New McClatchy Podcast: 'Majority Minority' 1:56 HB2 deal announced in late-night press conference 0:58 Dowd YMCA breaks ground for big makeover 0:46 Leonard Fournette on what he had to prove at LSU pro day 0:25 South Charlotte apartment fire 0:55 Madness for reading on parade 2:39 Roy Williams on NCAA allegations: I know we did nothing wrong Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email How to spot GMOs on your grocery store shelf Scott Faber of the Environmental Working Group, an organization pushing for GMO labels on food packaging, shares some tips for finding items on grocery store shelves that contain genetically modified organisms (GMO). As Vice President of Government Affair Harris Teeter and Publix A local businessman named W.T. Harris opened the first Harris Food Store on Central Avenue in 1936. The chain, now called Harris Teeter and based in Matthews, remains the hometown favorite. Over the last year, Harris Teeter grew its market share in the area to 20.1 percent from 19.4 percent, according to the report. Grocery giant Kroger bought Harris Teeter in early 2014 for $2.5 billion. Since then, it’s been adding fresh amenities to its stores like wine bars, growlers, gas stations and more food-service offerings, an effort to make the chain an even more attractive destination. Harris Teeter spokeswoman Danna Robinson pointed to Charlotte’s “thriving economic climate and growing population” to explain why it and other retailers are expanding in the city. “Harris Teeter is always reviewing new real estate opportunities to drive growth and strengthen our brand in existing and new markets. We are thrilled with the opportunity to re-invest in our home market to bring our shoppers new, attractive and convenient Harris Teeter locations,” Robinson said. In multiple spots throughout Charlotte, including South End, Cotswold and Prosperity Village, Publix is building stores close to Harris Teeter, and vice versa. That’s because their prices are similar, and they compete for the same customers, experts say. Last year, Publix grew its market share to 7.2 percent from 6 percent the year prior, Chain Store Guide’s report shows. “The overwhelming response from our customers shows that they appreciate quality products and service,” spokeswoman Kimberly Reynolds said. Wal-Mart Wal-Mart is technically Charlotte’s biggest grocer, when the market shares for its Supercenters, Neighborhood Markets and Sam’s Club stores are added together. Supercenters are the area’s second-biggest grocery destination, with 18.6 percent of the market, down from 19.8 percent a year prior. Neighborhood Markets are Wal-Mart’s version of a traditional grocery store. While they grew their market share in Charlotte last year, Wal-Mart has since announced it is closing several Neighborhood Market locations, including the one on Independence Boulevard. “Over the next year, we will further our investment in the Queen City with plans to save our customers time and money, invest in e-commerce and continue to improve our existing stores by remodeling several Charlotte area locations,” said Phillip Keene, Walmart’s director of communications for the Southeast. Wal-Mart-owned Sam’s Club, alongside competitor Costco Wholesale, has been gradually losing market share in Charlotte over the years. They are the No. 6 and No. 7 grocers in the city, respectively. Meanwhile, BJ’s Wholesale Club, a competitor ranked No. 8, has been growing its local market share. BJ’s opened in the Metropolitan in late 2015. Food Lion Food Lion was the area’s No. 3 grocer last year, down from No. 2 the year prior. Food Lion saw its market share decrease to 18.1 percent last year from 19.1 percent, according to the report. Late last year, Food Lion wrapped up a $215 million renovation project of its 142 supermarkets in the Charlotte area. The store redesigns include new features like easy-to-navigate formats, new decor, lower prices on staples like chicken and produce and expanded product assortments. Spokeswoman Christy Phillips-Brown said the grocer is pleased with its performance in the Charlotte market, as well as with its recent investment. “We have been very pleased with our customer feedback about our new stores, which makes shopping easier, and ensures we are providing products that are fresh and affordable,” Phillips-Brown said. Food Lion could face competition from the growth of German grocers Aldi and Lidl in Charlotte in coming months and years. The two supermarket chains have stores that are about half the size of a typical 40,000 square-foot store like Food Lion, but they also offer low prices and quality, Lempert said. Lidl could be opening its first Charlotte stores as early as this summer. Aldi has said it’s spending $3 billion through 2020 to open 650 new stores across the U.S. “(Aldi and Lidl) are game changers,” Lempert said. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 Raptor Center hopes donations soar like an eagle Pause 2:37 Add this to S-Town buzz: Carolinians may know the professor 0:58 New McClatchy Podcast: 'Majority Minority' 1:56 HB2 deal announced in late-night press conference 0:58 Dowd YMCA breaks ground for big makeover 0:46 Leonard Fournette on what he had to prove at LSU pro day 2:45 Commutation recipient James Patterson Jr. had sentence reduced because of Obama 0:25 South Charlotte apartment fire 0:55 Madness for reading on parade 2:39 Roy Williams on NCAA allegations: I know we did nothing wrong Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 91-year-old keeps on truckin' at grocery store job Video: 91-year-old Mickey Judge works at the Harris-Teeter in Wakefield -- and has no intention of quitting anytime soon. Chris Seward cseward@newsobserver.com Katherine Peralta: 704-358-5079, @katieperalta Charlotte’s top 5 grocers by market share ▪ Harris Teeter: 20.1% ▪ Wal-Mart Supercenter: 18.6% ▪ Food Lion: 18.1% ▪ Publix: 7.2% ▪ Bi-Lo/Harveys: 5.3% Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:21 91-year-old keeps on truckin' at grocery store job Pause 0:25 Raptor Center hopes donations soar like an eagle 2:37 Add this to S-Town buzz: Carolinians may know the professor 0:58 New McClatchy Podcast: 'Majority Minority' 1:56 HB2 deal announced in late-night press conference 0:46 Leonard Fournette on what he had to prove at LSU pro day 2:45 Commutation recipient James Patterson Jr. had sentence reduced because of Obama 0:25 South Charlotte apartment fire 0:55 Madness for reading on parade 2:39 Roy Williams on NCAA allegations: I know we did nothing wrong Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Dowd YMCA breaks ground for big makeover 0:58 3 days ago Dowd YMCA breaks ground for big makeover 2:42 7 days ago Textile jobs gone for good: One worker's story 2:01 7 days ago The Gold District View more video Business Check out the newest corporate headquarters building under construction in Charlotte Househunting for a roomy kitchen? Look for this number in Charlotte home listings Charlotte’s grocery wars: Who’s up, who’s down? Apartments near uptown sold for $56.9 million, millions of dollars worth of upgrades coming Guy who wrote fake online review must pay store owner $34,500 for emotional distress Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 4/06 Updated To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) 4/06 Updated America’s best and worst airline? Depends on what you’re looking for 4/06 Ex-FBI director to lead Takata payout claims 4/06 Samsung forecasts 48% surge in Q1 operating profit Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 By Anthony Harrup Published: Apr 6, 2017 9:13 p.m. ET Share By AnthonyHarrup MEXICO CITY -- Mexico's biggest retailer, Wal-Mart de Mexico SAB, saw first-quarter sales expand at their slowest pace in over two years, held back by an incipient slowdown in consumption, protests, and several negative calendar effects. Walmex, a unit of Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc., said Thursday that sales in the January-March period totaled 131.7 billion Mexican pesos ($7 billion), up 7.3% from the first quarter of 2016. It was the slowest growth since the fourth quarter of 2014, and below the 12% growth for all of 2016. Same-store sales in the first quarter, which exclude stores opened in the past year, rose 4.1% in Mexico and 2.1% in Central America. In January, widespread protests in Mexico over higher gasoline prices led to violence and looting that temporarily shut down several dozen Walmex stores and shaved 1.5 to 2 percentage points off sales growth that month. February had an extra leap-year day in 2016, and the Easter holiday, which tends to lift sales, is in April this year instead of March. Mexico's employment and wage growth in the past two years, coupled with low inflation, has contributed to robust retail sales, although consumption shows signs of slowing in 2017 and annual inflation has picked up to 5.3% in mid-March. "We believe same-store sales growth is being increasingly driven by ticket rather than traffic, which we read as lower-quality growth," Credit Suisse said in a recent report in which it added that macroeconomic tailwinds such as wage and credit growth are losing strength. Walmex said that 1.4% fewer customers spent on average 6.1% more per visit in March at its stores in Mexico. Still, the company last month reiterated its target of doubling sales in the period from 2014 to 2024. Walmex said it would invest 17 billion pesos this year, 19% more than in 2016, in new stores, remodeling, logistics and development of e-commerce. Walmex plans to report its first-quarter financial results on April 27. Write to Anthony Harrup at anthony.harrup@wsj.com More from MarketWatch This lovely San Francisco driveway can be yours for just $35,000 Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Gillette Slashing Razor, Blade Prices By as Much as 20% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart's relentless price war is crushing America's biggest grocer Business Insider Hayley Peterson 13 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Spotify 'seriously considering' going public, but there's a twist Want to know if your local Payless ShoeSource store is closing? Click to expand Replay Video Trump, Xi prepare for difficult talks on trade U.S. President Donald Trump opened a two-day summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping, facing pressure to deliver trade concessions for some of his most fervent supporters. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Dog attacks on mail carriers hit 30-year high as online shopping surges The Associated Press reports that while Booming online retail sales is good news for the U.S. Postal Service, its carriers are incurring a cost: more dog bites. Dog attacks on postal workers rose last year to 6,755, up 206 from the previous year and the highest in three decades, as internet shopping booms and consumers increasingly demand seven-day-a-week package delivery and groceries dropped at their doorstep. The high for attacks dated back to the 1980s, at more than 7,000, before maulings by pit bulls and other potentially aggressive dogs became a public issue. The Postal Service released its annual figures Thursday as part of National Dog Bite Prevention Week, which begins Sunday. Wochit News These Palm Beach businesses shut down when Trump visits The Lantana Airport in Palm Beach County takes President Trump's frequent visits to Mar-a-Lago a lot harder than the other businesses in this corner of South Florida. CNN Money SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Kroger's disappointing sales Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump, Xi prepare for difficult talks on trade Reuters 1:06 Dog attacks on mail carriers hit 30-year high as online shopping surges Wochit News 0:46 These Palm Beach businesses shut down when Trump visits CNN Money 1:45 Minimum wage increases hit a wall The Wall Street Journal. 3:17 Comcast reveals details of wireless service Xfinity Mobile Veuer 0:57 Norway to build 'world's first ship tunnel' BBC News 0:42 Trump's US golf clubs are struggling The Wall Street Journal. 1:54 Are we in the middle of a retail apocalypse? The Washington Post 2:24 Regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone 'bricking' Reuters 1:21 China's beef with US cattle Bloomberg 2:00 This mindset is what separates the middle class from the millionaire class CNBC 0:54 Watch the world's largest tunneling machine emerge from under Seattle The Washington Post 1:37 Inside the factory that makes Ivanka Trump shoes CNN Money 3:08 The most tone-def ads ever? CNN Money 1:54 What's behind Axon's offer for free police body cams? Newsy 1:27 Airbus wants to cram more people into world's biggest passenger plane Newsy 0:55 UP NEXT Walmart and Kroger are in a price war, and Walmart is winning.  The retailer's groceries are about 4% cheaper than Kroger's, according to a recent price check by Barclays. Analysts compared prices on a basket of 78 identical items at Walmart and Kroger stores in Nashville to determine which retailer was cheaper.   Walmart offered lower prices than Kroger on 74% of the items checked.  Barclays found the biggest price differences between the two retailers on non-perishable and frozen items, where Walmart had a 5.6% price advantage over Kroger. Kroger was cheaper than Walmart in the "fresh" category, however, which includes proteins, dairy, and vegetables. Kroger was 3.3% cheaper in that category, but mostly due to steep discounts on a small number of items including eggs, apples, green grapes, baby carrots, bell peppers, and chicken breasts. Excluding those items, Kroger's "fresh" products were 15% more expensive than Walmart's, according to Barclays.  © Provided by Business Insider Walmart vs Kroger Both Walmart and Kroger have been aggressively lowering prices to better compete in the increasingly crowded grocery market.  But Kroger appears to be losing the battle.  The chain's same-store sales, or sales at stores open at least a year, fell 0.7% in the most recent quarter, marking the end to a staggering 13-year streak of quarterly same-store sales increases. The company blamed food price deflation for the decline, but its clear that Kroger is also feeling pressure from competitors. © Provided by Business Insider Walmart vs Kroger Barclays analysts said Kroger may have a hard time catching up to Walmart on price. "While we feel Kroger has clearly proven over the years that it is a superior operator, the magnitude of Walmart's investments may prove difficult to overcome," analysts wrote.  Related gallery: Kroger has a new plan that should terrify Walmart and Target Full screen 1/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Kroger is going after Target and Walmart by expanding a new type of store featuring home goods, clothing, and kitchen appliances. The store, called Kroger Marketplace, features nearly everything you would find in a Target or Walmart store, but with a greater focus on groceries, alcohol, and prepared foods. The company says Marketplace is one of its "primary growth formats of the future" - in other words, it's expanding rapidly. Kroger has nearly 3,000 stores, more than 120 of which are Marketplace stores. Business Insider went to three Marketplace stores in the Richmond, Virginia, area to check them out. (Click through the slideshow to see what they found) Also on MSN Money: What to buy — and what to skip — in April 2/45 SLIDES © Business Insider The store is massive. This image shows only one-quarter of the front of the buildings. Kroger Marketplace stores are typically 100,000 to 145,000 square feet — which is about three-quarters of the size of a Walmart Supercenter. 3/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Stepping inside, shoppers are greeted by the fresh-produce department. 4/45 SLIDES © Business Insider It's one of the biggest departments in the entire store, and it's meticulously organized. 5/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Starbucks is nearby so you can grab a drink before you shop. 6/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Just beyond the produce department, there are several prepared-food counters like this one, where three chefs are behind the counter rolling sushi. 7/45 SLIDES © Business Insider The "fresh meals" kitchen features all kinds of customizable dishes, including pizza, sandwiches, and burrito bowls made to order. 8/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Some pizzas are pre-made, but you can customize anything. 9/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Here's a closer look at part of the menu. 10/45 SLIDES © Business Insider You can order your food using touch-screen kiosks. 11/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Or grab it to go from the salad bar. 12/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There are self-checkout registers near the prepared food counters so people grabbing lunch or dinner don't have to wait in long lines. 13/45 SLIDES © Business Insider The store also cuts down on lines by setting out freshly sliced deli meat to go. 14/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There's a drink bar if you're dining in ... 15/45 SLIDES © Business Insider ... and the dine-in seating area features flat-screen televisions, a fireplace, and lounge chairs. 16/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Back in the main part of the store, there's a giant wine selection that stretches across four aisles. This department features 500 types of beer and nearly 2,000 types of wine. 17/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There's also a wine bar with craft beers on tap. 18/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Here's a closer look at the wine bar. 19/45 SLIDES © Business Insider The bakery has some cool gadgets like this self-service bread slicer. 20/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Like everything else in this store, the meat department is huge. 21/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Check out that meat selection. It goes on forever. 22/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There are all kinds of kitchen appliances ... 23/45 SLIDES © Business Insider ... from standing mixers and microwaves to mini refrigerators and blenders. 24/45 SLIDES © Business Insider The store even offers a selection of home goods. 25/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There are lots of decorative items like picture frames and vases ... 26/45 SLIDES © Business Insider ... as well as more useful things like silverware sets and cutting boards. 27/45 SLIDES © Business Insider One aisle is devoted to towels and bathroom accessories, such as soap dispensers and trash cans. 28/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Stylish pillows and baskets are for sale ... 29/45 SLIDES © Business Insider ... and there's a small selection of rugs. 30/45 SLIDES © Business Insider A few aisles are stocked with college-dorm decorations. 31/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Futons and bean-bag chairs are featured. 32/45 SLIDES © Business Insider The fashion department offers clothes and accessories. It's nearly the same size as the produce department. 33/45 SLIDES © Business Insider It offers back-to-school items like backpacks ... 34/45 SLIDES © Business Insider ... and a large selection of sneakers, heeled shoes, and flip-flops. 35/45 SLIDES © Business Insider Everything is affordable. Most pairs of shoes are under $20. 36/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There are workout clothes, including sports bras and running shorts. 37/45 SLIDES © Business Insider And more fashionable tops and dresses. 38/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There's also an aisle devoted to accessories like scarves and handbags. 39/45 SLIDES © Business Insider A fitting room is on site for anyone who wants to try the clothes on. 40/45 SLIDES © Business Insider If you get tired while walking around the store (and you probably will) there are several benches to take a rest. 41/45 SLIDES © Business Insider You can even buy a bike. 42/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There's an emergency clinic offering healthcare ... 43/45 SLIDES © Business Insider ... and a jewelry store. 44/45 SLIDES © Business Insider There's also a toy department. 45/45 SLIDES © Business Insider And on your way out, you can pick up some outdoor furniture. Continue reading on MSN Money: 75 things you really don't need to buy 45/45 SLIDES NOW WATCH: Inside Amazon's new Chicago store, where the books have an average rating of 4.5 stars online Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider Amazon is unleashing a new weapon in the grocery wars Business Insider BlackRock's Larry Fink thinks the stock market is overvalued Business Insider Trump's controversial modeling agency is reportedly imploding Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Making a #Peepza at Lehigh Pizza ALERTNation/World U.S. attacks Syrian air base with dozens of missiles in response to chemical attack News Breaking News Wal-Mart settles victims' lawsuit over ammo in 2015 shootings NORTHAMPTON COUNTY/HANDOUT Wal-Mart has settled claims by victims’ of a deadly 2015 shooting rampage that it negligently sold ammunition to Robert Jourdain, a drunken, underage accomplice in the killings, court papers show. The settlement amount was not disclosed. Wal-Mart has settled claims by victims’ of a deadly 2015 shooting rampage that it negligently sold ammunition to Robert Jourdain, a drunken, underage accomplice in the killings, court papers show. The settlement amount was not disclosed. (NORTHAMPTON COUNTY/HANDOUT) Peter HallOf The Morning Call Retailer Wal-Mart has settled a lawsuit over ammo used in 2015 Lehigh Valley shootings. The families of three people gunned down in random shootings in July 2015 in Allentown and Easton have settled their claims that Wal-Mart negligently sold ammunition to a drunken accomplice in the killings, court records show. Filings in Philadelphia County Court, where the victims' families sued Wal-Mart, show the parties reached a tentative agreement last week. Wal-Mart filed papers Wednesday asking Judge John M. Younge to seal the settlement under terms of a confidentiality clause in the agreement. While many settlements between private parties are never made part of public court records, the victims' settlement with Wal-Mart must be approved by a judge because the victims' estates and children would receive the proceeds, lawyers for the retailer said. The accord follows a decision this year by another Philadelphia judge allowing the lawsuit to move forward. Legal experts said the ruling was noteworthy because it was among only a few nationwide to recognize exceptions to the broad immunity to lawsuits for gun and ammo dealers under federal law. Judge Linda Carpenter refused Wal-Mart's request to have the case dismissed under the Protection for Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, a 2005 federal law that bars lawsuits against firearms dealers. Lawyers for the victims' families, at first glance, presented enough evidence for the case to proceed under an exception to the ban for certain types of negligence, Carpenter wrote. Caption Neighbor charged in Lower Macungie homicide Josef Raszler was charged with the murder of Stephanie Roof, who lived across the street from him in Lower Macungie. Josef Raszler was charged with the murder of Stephanie Roof, who lived across the street from him in Lower Macungie. Caption Neighbor charged in Lower Macungie homicide Josef Raszler was charged with the murder of Stephanie Roof, who lived across the street from him in Lower Macungie. Josef Raszler was charged with the murder of Stephanie Roof, who lived across the street from him in Lower Macungie. Caption WATCH: Lower Macungie Man charged in 2016 Homicide Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin announced that Josef Charles Raszler of Lower Macungie Township, has been charged in relation to the 2016 homicide of Stephanie Roof, of Lower Macungie Township.  Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin announced that Josef Charles Raszler of Lower Macungie Township, has been charged in relation to the 2016 homicide of Stephanie Roof, of Lower Macungie Township.  Caption WATCH: Eric Frein trial is underway, lawyer says Frein won't testify The trial for Eric Frein trial is underway at the Pike County Courthouse in Milford, PA. The trial for Eric Frein trial is underway at the Pike County Courthouse in Milford, PA. Caption $70,000 Reward Being Offered For Info In North Philly Shooting That Left 3 Dead Alicia Nieves reports. Alicia Nieves reports. Caption Prosecution, defense wrap up Day 1 of Eric Frein trial The prosecution and defense give a wrap-up of the first day of the Eric Frein trial at the Pike County Courthouse in Milford, Pa. The prosecution and defense give a wrap-up of the first day of the Eric Frein trial at the Pike County Courthouse in Milford, Pa. A spokesman for Wal-Mart said Thursday that the Bentonville, Ark., company offers its sympathies to the families and that the terms of the settlement are confidential. "We're pleased to have resolved this matter," spokesman Charles Crowson said. Attorney Matthew Casey, who represented the families, said he could not comment. Adam Skaggs, litigation director for the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, said the Wal-Mart settlement fits a broad pattern in lawsuits over gun deaths of dealers fighting "tooth and nail" until a jury trial becomes unavoidable. Judge: Ammo lawsuit tied to Valley slayings going back to Philly court Peter Hall A lawsuit claiming Walmart and its employees negligently sold handgun ammunition used to kill three people in Allentown and Easton last year must be heard in Philadelphia County Court, a judge has ruled. Shortly after the lawsuit was filed in January, Bentonville, Ark.-based Walmart moved the suit... A lawsuit claiming Walmart and its employees negligently sold handgun ammunition used to kill three people in Allentown and Easton last year must be heard in Philadelphia County Court, a judge has ruled. Shortly after the lawsuit was filed in January, Bentonville, Ark.-based Walmart moved the suit... (Peter Hall) "A party like Wal-Mart is not going to settle in a case like this if they believe they have a strong factual defense and clearly they didn't," Skaggs said. Lawrence Keane, general counsel of the National Shooting Sports Federation, cautioned against assumptions about the parties' reasons for settling. Either side might agree to settle because they recognize weaknesses in their case or want to avoid the uncertainty of a trial. "I believe the one thing that can be said is that the case shows the [Protection for Lawful Commerce in Arms Act] is functioning as Congress intended," Keane said. "It disproves the false claim of gun control advocates that the [act] is 'blanket immunity' for the gun industry." The families' suit alleged a cashier at the Wal-Mart in Lower Nazareth Township sold a box of .38-caliber ammunition to then 20-year-old Robert Jourdain, who had been at a bar for several hours before he walked into the store shortly before 3 a.m. July 5, 2015. Jourdain gave the bullets to his cousin, Todd West, who loaded them into a revolver, which he used to shoot people at random as he and Jourdain were driven around Easton and then Allentown, allegedly by Kareem Mitchell. Killed were Kory Ketrow, 22, in Easton, and Trevor Gray, 22, and Francine Ramos, 32, in Allentown. The shootings happened within an hour of each other. West pleaded guilty to three counts of first-degree murder in October and was given three life sentences. Jourdain pleaded guilty to third-degree murder conspiracy and faces 12 to 40 years in prison. Mitchell is in Lehigh County Jail awaiting trial. In its defense, Wal-Mart invoked the federal ban on death and injury claims against gun dealers resulting from crimes committed with guns. But the families argued Wal-Mart's sale of ammunition to Jourdain constituted negligent entrustment and negligence per se, both of which are exempt from the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act's ban. The victims' families claimed the cashier who sold the ammunition should have known there was a risk Jourdain would use it to harm others and that he was underage and drunk. Wal-Mart argued the sale was not negligent because the cashier could not have known Jourdain was drunk and had no way of knowing he would give the bullets to a murderer. Wal-Mart also claimed the federal law restricting the sale of handgun ammunition to people older than 21 wasn't intended to allow individuals to sue for damages, but rather to provide criminal and administrative penalties against dealers who make illegal sales. peter.hall@mcall.com Twitter @phall215 610-820-6581 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Homicide Families in Lehigh Valley slayings clear obstacle in suit against Walmart Walmart sued over ammo sale in deadly Lehigh Valley shooting spree New York weighs in on Wal-Mart's sale of ammo in Valley shooting spree READ: Lawsuit against Walmart for selling ammunition to gunman in Lehigh Valley shooting spree Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 45°
Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local Perspective Perspective Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Did caring for a profoundly sick daughter cost a mother her job at Walmart? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Petula Dvorak By Petula Dvorak Columnist April 6 at 12:55 PM Follow @petulad In 1996, Stacy Steward — diagnosed with brain cancer at age 5 — went to the Oval Office to watch President Bill Clinton sign the Cancer Control Month proclamation. She is 27 now. (White House) There were days when Stacy Steward had 25 seizures. And months when she had just two. There were days when Stacy’s blood platelet count dropped so low, she was sealed in an isolation ward, and her mom had to suit up and wear gloves and a mask to visit her. And there were months when Stacy happily went to the mall and to the movies. Coping with such unpredictability is motherhood when your 27-year-old daughter — diagnosed with brain cancer when she was 5 — still needs help. And this is the kind of care­giving that the Family and Medical Leave Act was designed to protect. Except in Beverly Steward’s case, she believes it didn’t. Beverly Steward, Stacy’s mom, filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court this week alleging she was harassed, badgered and eventually fired from her supervisor job at Walmart in Northwest Washington because she took the federally protected days off to take care of her sick adult child. She wants her job back and $250,000 in compensatory and punitive damages. Walmart denies Steward was targeted for using family leave. “Our policy is to treat everyone with respect and dignity. Ms. Steward was terminated from the company for legitimate business reasons,” said Ragan Dickens, director of national media relations for Walmart. “We deny all of the allegations and will defend ourselves in court.” For Steward, the struggle began in 1995. She had just given birth to a second daughter when she learned that the first had brain cancer. The doctor said Stacy, then 5, probably had only five years to live. The following year, Stacy went to the Oval Office to watch President Bill Clinton sign the Cancer Control Month Proclamation in 1996. She met Socks, the Clintons’ cat. And she went on to beat the brain cancer, graduating from high school on time. But as a result of her cancer treatments, Stacy suffered cognitive delays, seizures, thyroid disease and osteoporosis. She also has a blood disorder that has left her with a compromised immune system and repeated hospitalizations. She wears hearing aides, but she is almost deaf. She functions like a 13-year-old. Eventually, juggling all that care devastated the working-class family, and they landed in a city homeless shelter. [‘I wasn’t crazy’: A homeless woman’s long war to prove the feds owe her $100,000] The job at Walmart saved them. “Walmart gave me a very good opportunity to put my life back on track,” Steward said. “I remember moving into my apartment at last and crying. Stacy was in a safe place. That job was everything for us.” Then-President Bill Clinton greets Stacy Steward as her mother, Beverly Steward, stands behind her during their White House visit in 1996. (White House) Steward loved working at Walmart. She was one of the first employees to be hired at the Georgia Avenue location in 2013. She knew the customers, and they knew her. She got consistently good reviews of her performance as one of the night-shift supervisors, she said. And a raise. And for years, the system for granting her leave worked perfectly. And it definitely served the country. A recent study published by the American Academy of Pediatrics showed that family caregivers help save about $35 billion in special-needs care costs to public and private health-care providers every year. But this kind of family leave can be complicated for employers, said Sara Faulman, a labor lawyer who is representing Steward. The 1993 Family and Medical Leave Act — which doesn’t grant anyone paid leave, but rather protects their employment status when they take unpaid leave for a number of approved reasons — is easy to understand when it’s ­applied to a maternity leave. “You have the baby, take 12 weeks off, it’s a chunk of time,” Faulman said. But intermittent leave is a little harder to understand, especially in a case like Stacy’s, where the long-lasting effects from her childhood cancer treatments can send her into a medical crisis one week, but subside and leave her without major problems for two weeks. Each time Steward took the intermittent leave, Walmart’s managers approved it, and they were kind and thoughtful afterward, she said. “They always asked me, ‘How is your daughter doing now?’ ” Steward said. But it all changed last year, the lawsuit asserts, when she was promoted to a daytime job. Her new supervisor wasn’t supportive, she says. [The District expands paid family and medical leave] Although the human resources department cleared her to take intermittent leave throughout October 2016, the lawsuit alleges that her new supervisor harassed her every time she took an unpaid day, which was an average of once a month. He told her he was “tired” of having to document her absences as family leave in Walmart’s timekeeping system, according to the lawsuit. It contends he warned her that he’d find a way to fire the folks who bothered him with this kind of leave. After she filed a written complaint about him in May, she got her first bad performance review, the lawsuit charges. In July, after she took two days of leave to get Stacy to doctors, she was fired. The official reason? According to the lawsuit, it was because Steward charged the cash register 5 cents to open the drawer for the start of the shift, something she contends all the cashiers do. Steward said she is heartsick. She really liked it there. But she’s moved on. She has a new job working as a counselor and manager at a halfway house. She is sharing Stacy’s caregiving duties with her younger daughter, who is now 21 and a student at Trinity University. They call themselves the Three Musketeers, and they’re happiest when they’re all home, together, watching a movie and laughing. “It’s critical that I keep working, that I keep fighting for us and to keep our home,” Steward said. Back in 1996, meeting Socks the cat and putting on a brave face in her pretty blue dress and with her bald head, Stacy was a poster child for the urgent need for children’s cancer care. Twenty years later, the whole family was a poster-perfect example of how corporations can work with federal regulations so everyone wins. And today? They’re a perfect example of what can happen when the system’s protections don’t work. Read more Petula Dvorak: The attack on our civil liberties by TSA, ICE and other agencies has got to stop A panty liner triggers a TSA pat-down just one step removed from a pap smear Last call for a Rogue Saint Undocumented teens don’t deserve to be demonized A VFW post discovers it has been renting its hall to white supremacists for years local Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Petula is a columnist for The Washington Post's local team who writes about homeless shelters, gun control, high heels, high school choirs, the politics of parenting, jails, abortion clinics, mayors, modern families, strip clubs and gas prices, among other things. Follow @petulad 12 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Don Rickles, lightning-fast launcher of comic insults, dies at 90 2 You need to make $80,273 per year to live ‘comfortably’ in D.C., report says 3 Maryland becomes first state to reimburse Planned Parenthood clinics if Congress cuts funding 4 Accepted, 8 times over: Ohio quadruplets earn spots at Yale, Harvard 5 Microburst or weak tornado damaged roofs and snapped large trees near Union Station Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game local Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs business development assistant Legal E professional development assistant Legal E real estate attorney Legal E washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart's relentless price war is crushing America’s biggest grocer Hayley Peterson Apr. 6, 2017, 12:46 PM 11,655 facebook linkedin twitter email print A Walmart in Richmond, Virginia.Business Insider/Hayley Peterson Walmart and Kroger are in a price war, and Walmart is winning. The retailer's groceries cost about 4% less than Kroger's, according to a recent price check by Barclays. Analysts compared prices on a basket of 78 identical items at Walmart and Kroger stores in Nashville, Tennessee, to determine which retailer was cheaper. Walmart offered lower prices than Kroger on 74% of the items checked. Barclays found the biggest price differences between the two retailers on nonperishable and frozen items, where Walmart had a 5.6% price advantage over Kroger. Kroger was cheaper than Walmart in the "fresh" category, however, which includes proteins, dairy, and vegetables. Kroger was 3.3% cheaper in that category, but mostly because of steep discounts on a few items including eggs, apples, green grapes, baby carrots, bell peppers, and chicken breasts. Excluding those items, Kroger's "fresh" products cost 15% more than Walmart's, according to Barclays. Barclays Research Both Walmart and Kroger have been aggressively lowering prices to better compete in the increasingly crowded grocery market. But Kroger appears to be losing the battle. The chain's same-store sales, or sales at stores open at least a year, fell 0.7% in the most recent quarter, marking the end to a staggering 13-year streak of quarterly same-store sales increases. The company blamed food-price deflation for the decline, but it's clear that Kroger is also feeling pressure from competitors. Barclays Research Barclays analysts said Kroger may have a hard time catching up to Walmart on price. "While we feel Kroger has clearly proven over the years that it is a superior operator, the magnitude of Walmart's investments may prove difficult to overcome," analysts wrote. SEE ALSO: Kroger has a new plan that should terrify Walmart and Target NOW WATCH: 'Clearly we missed the mark': Pepsi just pulled this controversial ad Loading video... More: kroger Walmart Retail Grocery Grocery shopping Food Shopping Prices price wars facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart's relentless price war is crushing America’s biggest grocer Walmart's relentless price war is crushing America’s biggest grocer Walmart and Kroger are in a price war, and... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Nintendo Switch Stock Updates: GameStop, Walmart, Meijer And Amazon Prime Now Posted: Apr 6 2017, 9:30am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     New Nintendo Switch inventory keeps coming in. This morning many Walmart are reportedly having the Switch in stock. In addition the Switch is in stock at dozens GameStop locations and several Meijer stores. Amazon Prime Now offered the Switch to customers in Seattle, New York and Fort Worth according to the alerts on iStockNow. Don't Miss: This is How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Nintendo announced last week that more Nintendo Switch consoles are on the way. A recent report out of Japan tries explains why Nintendo struggles to produce enough Switch consoles to satisfy the demand. Lots of new Switch inventory has been showing up over the past days. The extreme demand makes it though difficult to score a Switch for the regular retail price of $299.99. Resellers still can charge a premium on marketplaces, but prices are declining. We have released a new comprehensive Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide with all the tips and tricks to find and buy a Nintendo Switch. Walmart stores are reported to have the Switch in stock This morning. To find a Walmart that has the Switch in stock enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  We recommend to check the stock information for your local Walmart stores on iStockNow and BrickSeek. The iStockNow live map provides the details where the Switch is in stock for Walmart stores. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch start a around $390 now, a $10 drop from beginning of the week. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. Nintendo started to restock the Nintendo Switch two weeks. GameStop kicked things off with restocking the Switch in stores. Walmart, Target, ToysRUs and even amazon.com offered the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con. The supply for the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con version was much lower. The Nintendo flagship store in New York sold Nintendo Switch each day last week. Read our Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide to find a Switch in stock. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. The colorful Switch is slightly harder to find than the console with gray controllers. The premium resellers charge is with 50 to 65% still much lower than it is the case for the Nintendo NES Classic. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Read the latest Nintendo Switch updates and also check out our Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Comcast Launches Xfinity Mobile Service for $65 per Month 12 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT YouTube TV: 10 Things to Know 15 hours ago, 9:20am CDT Xbox Scorpio Specifications Released 16 hours ago, 8:17am CDT Twitter Lite is Faster, Data Friendly Mobile Website 17 hours ago, 7:26am CDT The Toy of the Summer: Splashlings (Again) 6 hours ago, 6:31pm CDT Project Scorpio: What We Know and What Remains a Mystery 7 hours ago, 5:31pm CDT Shia LaBeouf’s Movie ‘Man Down’ Sells Just 3 Tickets in UK Release 8 hours ago, 4:30pm CDT 2017 New York Auto Show New Debuts 9 hours ago, 4:00pm CDT French Scientists are Offering Volunteers $17000 to Lie in Bed for Two Months and Do Nothing 11 hours ago, 1:50pm CDT Nissan to Bring Unique Star Wars Experience to 2017 New York Auto Show 12 hours ago, 12:30pm CDT Stone Age Cannibalism was Not Just for Food 13 hours ago, 11:59am CDT 2017 Honda Civic Si Coupe and Sedan Debut with 205 HP 13 hours ago, 11:41am CDT 2018 Alfa Romeo Stelvio SUV Lineup Debuts at 2017 New York Auto Show 14 hours ago, 11:09am CDT 2018 Nissan 370Z Heritage Edition Debuts at New York Auto Show 15 hours ago, 10:13am CDT Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Sylvester Stallone Role Revealed 15 hours ago, 10:05am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Technology News Comcast Launches Xfinity Mobile Service for $65 per Month 12 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT YouTube TV: 10 Things to Know 15 hours ago, 9:20am CDT Xbox Scorpio Specifications Released 16 hours ago, 8:17am CDT Twitter Lite is Faster, Data Friendly Mobile Website 17 hours ago, 7:26am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News The Toy of the Summer: Splashlings (Again) 6 hours ago, 6:31pm CDT Project Scorpio: What We Know and What Remains a Mystery 7 hours ago, 5:31pm CDT Shia LaBeouf’s Movie ‘Man Down’ Sells Just 3 Tickets in UK Release 8 hours ago, 4:30pm CDT 2017 New York Auto Show New Debuts 9 hours ago, 4:00pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
jezebel Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video TWSS The Muse Pictorial The Slot Dirt Bag Shade Court barf bag How ModCloth Strayed From Its Feminist Beginnings and Ended Up a Walmart Property Anna MerlanYesterday 12:20pm Filed to: modcloth walmart values clothing fashion online retail work employment corporations are not your friend 369 15 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Illustration by Angelica Alzona. The past couple years have been something of a season of ironic disappointment for customers of modern, ostensibly feminist clothing companies, from Nasty Gal’s infamously nasty corporate culture to new allegations of sexual harassment against the CEO of period underwear maker Thinx. Now, current and former employees at ModCloth are pointing to several issues at the company contributing to a sense of dissatisfaction among the staff: frequent layoffs, low pay, and an unpopular CEO. One alleged incident stands out: several insiders told Jezebel that CEO Matt Kaness made negative comments about the use of plus-size models, and wanted to see fewer of them on the site, telling employees in a meeting that they weren’t “aspirational” to look at. (Kaness denies having said that.) Advertisement ModCloth, a quirky online women’s retailer beloved by its customers for its mixture of twee and retro fashions, generated outrage from customers earlier this month when they announced they’d been acquired by Jet, which is owned by Walmart. Kaness defended the sale by saying that Walmart’s “culture” is similar to ModCloth’s own, a sentiment some of his employees don’t seem to share. Indeed, interviews with seven current and former ModCloth employees help illuminate how the company culture has shifted from the time it was co-founded by a now-married couple, Susan Gregg Koger and her husband Eric Koger, changes that echo the growing pains—for lack of a better term—seen at other tech-driven retailers catering to a customer base of young, with-it women. Gregg Koger has talked often about how the company grew from a humble start in her dorm room to being a large and thriving company, but one core element of their hitting it big, starting around 2014, was an embrace of plus-size customers and models. That generated them a ton of positive publicity, as we noted at the time, as well as a very real bump in business: Advertisement Since last June, the company has doubled its plus business, expanding from 35 vendors to 160. They say they now carry 1,200 unique plus-size styles at any one time. It’s Modcloth’s fastest-growing category and, according to this infographic, plus-size shoppers place 20 percent more orders. (Hell, where else are we gonna shop? Forever 21+ only gets you so far.) Longtime employees spoke warmly about the company’s early days. “It was an absolute dream job,” one employee who quit about a year ago told us. “The thing that made it so special is that the company was genuine when it talked abut its values. Everyone that worked there shared those values personally. It was a place you felt good about the work you were doing.” Those values explicitly involved feminism, she adds: “Susan is a feminist. She’s open about that and the company aligned with those values. I think that’s why it grew so rapidly.” Sponsored In 2010, the company moved its headquarters from its Pittsburgh hometown to San Francisco, although the fulfillment centers, customer care center, and other key elements of the business are still located in Pittsburgh. The San Francisco move was, the current and former employees told us, the start of a shift towards a more impersonal, stereotypically “Silicon Valley” company. Advertisement In size, ModCloth has shrunk recently: at least six rounds of layoffs in the past year dwindled the employee numbers down to about 300 people from 370. In the past two years, monetarily, the company has grown: it’s not publicly traded, so we don’t know specifics, but they took on millions in venture capital funding, mostly recently $15 million of Series C funding in June 2015. (According to Recode, the company “struggled to operate profitably” in recent years and weren’t able to secure another round of funding.) At the same time that the company grew financially, the hiring also changed, the current and former employees say. “They were hiring from companies with more cutthroat cultures,” one former employee told us. “They brought that culture in the workplace.” It was also the start of a brief period of tech-startup-like spending, she adds: “They also spent a shit-ton of money in that time. It wasn’t smart. We had a nap room. One of the executives insisted we buy an anti-gravity chair for that room.” Kaness took over from Eric Koger as CEO in 2015, when the company needed a more experienced CEO at the helm; Susan Gregg Koger says Eric was asked to step down by the company’s investors. She became the company’s Chief Creative Officer, a role she remained in until November 2016, she tells Jezebel. “After getting Matt up to speed, and getting Lizz Wasserman, our fashion director, up to speed, I felt like I finally had a chance to step away from the business.” (As a condition of agreeing to comment for this story, Gregg Koger and Wasserman requested that we make their full interview available; you can read that here.) Advertisement Kaness came from Urban Outfitters, where he was Chief Strategy Officer. Several of his immediate decisions involved plus-sizes and their representation on the site; the company announced in October 2015 that they would remove the plus-size section from the site to create a more “inclusive” shopping experience. The move was well-intentioned, past employees say, and designed to help plus-size women feel less alienated when shopping in the real life pop-up “fit stores” the company started rolling out that year. “Plus is not a term that we love,” Koger is quoted as saying in a Today Show article from the time. “In the [fashion] industry, it stands for taking a segment of customers and making them an ‘other.’ And as a person, it never feels good to be excluded in any way... We really feel like shopping categories should be defined by types of clothing, not types of bodies.” Advertisement Advertisement Online, though, past ModCloth employees say the move didn’t make sense, and seemed to reflect the CEO’s discomfort with plus-sizes. “It was [Kaness’s] decision to remove plus from the website,” one employee who recently left the company says. “That’s when we all really started to think he was not a great fit. A lot of us who’d been there for a really long time and were women who weren’t a size two ourselves—who were part of the demographic we were speaking to—felt it was a bad move and was going to make shopping for more difficult.” Kaness, she says, responded by saying he was “offended by the term ‘plus,’” as she remembers it. Kaness also objected to showing plus-size and straight size models next to each other, a different employee who recently left the company told us. Advertisement “He didn’t want us to show a straight size model next to a plus-size,” she told us. “He said it ‘invited you to compare’ the two. It doesn’t. Unless you’re a misogynist.” Another former employee says Kaness made odd remarks about plus-size models, even when talking about what was ostensibly a good-news rollout: The same year he came on as CEO, ModCloth also launched a private label in July 2015, a collection made exclusively for the company and meant to showcase its particular quirky-retro charms. “When Matt finally came to talk to us [at an all hands meeting in 2015], he told us his plan for making sure our assortment was mostly ModCloth label,” the former employee says. “That sounded awesome.” The clothes were meant to run in XXS to 4x sizes, she adds. “That was big commitment he was making, and it was very positive.” Advertisement Advertisement But, the former employee says, Kaness immediately added a caveat: “He also said we were going to stop showing as many plus-size models because plus-size is ‘not aspirational.’ There was an audible gasp when he said that.” Kaness denies having made the “aspirational” remark, and, in an email to Jezebel, pointed out that ModCloth has continued to use plus-size models under his leadership: No, I did not say that. And if you look at what we have done in my two years at ModCloth, including (1) increasing the % of our apparel offer that is available in a full-size range from less than a 1/3 to more than 1/2; (2) adding both “reg size” and “plus size” studio model imagery to the product detail pages of the commerce sites for the apparel available in a full-size range; (3) creating and opening a new-to-world store model that is specifically designed to include women of all shapes and sizes in the shopping experience; (4) more frequent and pronounced use of diverse models - including plus-size models - in our marketing campaigns; etc etc etc ... I hope anyone would rationally conclude that this allegation is baseless. A ModCloth spokesperson also responds: Advertisement ModCloth aims to be the most inclusive fashion brand in America, and as part of the mission is to try to develop clothing in a full size run (XXS-4XL) for her to shop. We broke away from industry standards by retiring PLUS language and segmented shopping sections on and offline. We plan to continue to create what Susan started, a place where all women feel comfortable to shop and express their individual style. So our attitude towards plus sizes and showcasing plus size models remains the same as it has always been, that style has no size. Our portrayal of women on our site, advertising, store is never retouched or altered in Photoshop, (we were the first retailer to sign the anti-photoshop pledge) and regularly cast our own employees and community members in our marketing campaigns. Look at our site today and let us know if you think we have moved away from showcasing plus size models. Gregg Koger, meanwhile, says Kaness was “adamant” about creating clothes in “the full range of sizes,” adding, “If you look at all we’ve done since the beginning of 2015, I think it’s clear that ModCloth, under Matt’s leadership, has continued to lead the charge in our industry and has become even more inclusive and diverse.” On Glassdoor, however, several anonymous employee reviews say that Kaness did make comments about plus-sizes. “The CEO wanted to start using less plus size women in features as they wanted to create a more ‘aspirational’ feel for customers,” one writes. Another called him “dismissive of plus-size models/customers,” and some are harsher (and their claims harder to verify) than that: Advertisement Advertisement The current CEO has singlehandedly destroyed this brand, its culture and the morale of hundreds of employees. His conservative, misogynistic views are the opposite of what ModCloth used to stand for. The decision to eliminate ‘plus’ from the site, despite strong protests from employees who had been there for years and been part of the research on it, was the first big indicator of his ego problem. Another employee who recently left the company says that she, too, experienced Kaness pulling photos that featured plus-sized models, and that the marketing team had to fight past him to use them. She writes, via email: Matt consistently tried to get us to not use plus imagery, it was an everyday occurrence that happened in a lot of little ways. He would pull rank on striking down photos that featured plus models and give no explanation (but we all knew why). The only reason why plus models were featured at all in the last year and a half was because the core marketing team would go against him and still choose those models, but if he happened to be at the meeting where images were being chosen, he would try and get us not to use them. Lizz Wasserman, ModCloth’s fashion director, says ModCloth has always been committed to showing a diverse range of models: “I’m hugely inspired by Susan and ModCloth starting ‘real-casting’ so long ago, and being able to cast and shoot with inspiring (and yes, aspirational) women (cis and self-identifying) of all shapes, sizes, religions, races and ethnicities is one of the reasons I’m super proud to work at ModCloth.” Advertisement Wasserman adds, however, that occasionally “finding models that fit our plus photoshoot samples (size 2x) and are aspirational to our community (meaning they demonstrate that certain special spark/quirk and don’t just look like an un-attainable idea of someone else’s idea of beauty) has been challenging.” It’s absolutely true, as Kaness and a ModCloth spokesperson contend, that plus-size models and plus-size clothes still appear on the site. But one current employee disagrees that plus-sized clothing is still emphasized the way it was around 2014, and said there are verifiably fewer extended-size options. “When he first got to the company he wanted to get rid of the term plus-size,” she says. “He didn’t want to single anybody out. We just want them to be able to go find something on the site and not be labeled as such.” At the fit shops, that was often the case, she said: plus-size clothes were grouped with straight sizes. On the website, she said, “We were told they were going to bring in fewer styles, but at more size variety.” That hasn’t happened, she says: “On the site there’s fewer and fewer options available in these extended sizes that we were told they were going to focus on.” Advertisement Advertisement The current employee says that in the end, the plus-size items on the ModCloth label fell short: “All the stuff on the private label fit poorly. We got tons of returns,” from plus-size customers, she says. “I don’t know what the sizing was with that but there was a lot of feedback on the private label that the plus-sizes were not good fits.” Since 2015, the company has also been trying out other expensive experiments, included an extensive site redesign and opening a brick and mortar store in Austin, Texas, after a “fit shop” tour that experimented with physical stores across the country. “It was the fit shops” that contributed to financial difficulties, a current employee says. “They sank tons and tons of money into fit shops all over the country and refused to close it up when they realized it wasn’t profitable.” Advertisement With the Walmart acquisition, a current employee says, the mood at the company is dour, and divisions between the company’s San Francisco and Pittsburgh offices are feeling particularly sharp. For example, nobody in Pittsburgh—where the customer care and fulfillment centers are located, what the employee calls the “more blue collar” part of the company—was aware that the San Francisco headquarters got to take International Women’s Day off. “All the women [in Pittsburgh] went to work for fear of retribution,” she says. “All the hard labor happens in Pittsburgh.” In that office, too, another former employee tells us, the pay is not high: “I wasn’t even making $15 an hour by the time I left. I have a college degree.” (In a response via email, a ModCloth spokesperson said: “I am not able to comment on specific $$, but I can say that our wages are in line with similar wages for similar positions in the Pittsburgh area.”) The Wall Street Journal reports that the Kogers sent an email to a small group of employee stockholders warning them that nobody will make money on the sale or see a return on their stocks. On Facebook, Gregg Koger wrote a post that also sounded somewhat downbeat, and emphasized that she’s not making money on the sale: Advertisement Advertisement I am incredibly proud of my time at ModCloth (literally almost half my life so far) and grateful for all the amazing people who helped make it happen. Every employee, past and present, and every customer. We couldn’t have done it without you. I’m also filled with regret. We did a lot of things right but also made tons of mistakes. No one, in life or business, is perfect. To those who are calling me a “sell out”, or worse, please know this: I’m not making any profit on this sale. I haven’t had a controlling stake in the business for years. And this was the only way forward that allowed ModCloth to continue to exist. Trust me, it’s a good thing. Now I’m going to take some much needed time off and practice some self-care. Who knows, maybe I’ll write a book about this entire circus one day. Gregg Koger also told Jezebel via email the criticism is difficult for her to hear: “I spent the last 15 years of my life working on this business and trying to make a positive difference in the world. It hurts to hear former employees and customers tell me that I am ‘selling out’ or that I’m ruining the brand (aka: my life’s work, so far). “But,” she added via email, “now that I’ve had some time to think about everything, I’ve realized that the negative reactions are actually an indication of how strong the ModCloth brand and community are. People truly and passionately care about it, and feel like it’s something they own. And that’s extremely hard to create in a brand. So I’m proud of the reaction too, in some way.” Advertisement Gregg Koger says that she and Eric will spend the next year “traveling the world” and writing a book: “We have lived three lifetimes in the last 15 years, and I think it would feel really good to share our successes, failures and learnings with others.” ModCloth’s current employees don’t have the option, of course, to turn to world travel to salve their wounds. “I’m really sad and I’m really conflicted,” one told us. “I’ve been actively boycotting [Walmart] for years. Having to sign papers saying I now work for them is a tough pill to swallow.” Recommended Stories 'Everything Really Hit Rock Bottom': How Nasty Gal's Culture Went Nasty Women's Retailer Modcloth To Be Bought By Jet.Com, Which Is Owned By Walmart  Thinx 'She-E-O' Fondled Employees' Breasts, Fostered Environment of Fear According to Complaint Anna Merlan anna.merlan@jezebel.com @annamerlan Anna Merlan is a Senior Reporter with the Special Projects Desk, which produces investigative work across all of Gizmodo Media Group's web sites. PGP Fingerprint: 67B5 5767 9D6F 652E 8EFD 76F5 3CF0 DAF2 79E5 1FB6|PGP Key Reply369 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Jezebel Nivea Pulls 'White Is Purity' Ad, But I'll Never Forget It Yesterday 9:50am The Slot Trump Supporter's Undocumented Immigrant Husband Deported to Mexico Yesterday 11:30am Jezebel Michelle Obama's Hairstylist Says 'She's Always Embraced Her Natural Hair' Yesterday 1:30pm Recent from Anna Merlan 39 202 28.5K The Slot · Anna Merlan What Did Sebastian Gorka Do in the British Army? Yesterday 10:05am Anna Merlan · Anna Merlan A Full Interview With Susan Gregg Koger, Modcloth Co-Founder, and Lizz Wasserman, Fashion Director Yesterday 8:30am 29 270 32.6K The Slot · Anna Merlan Is Today...Good?  3/24/17 5:05pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jezebel Store Redirecting to the Jezebel store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Johnston County April 6, 2017 11:34 AM The bus stops here, but not for much longer A Go Raleigh bus makes a stop Wednesday afternoon at the Walmart in Clayton as part of a daily route to and from Raleigh. Drew Jackson jdjackson@newsobserver.com Neil Davis said it could cost as much as $300,000 to operate two bus routes into downtown Raleigh. Drew Jackson jdjackson@newsobserver.com Bus commuter Donna Wade asked the Johnston County Board of Commissioners to put serious thought into a public transit system. Drew Jackson jdjackson@newsobserver.com 1 of 3 i By Drew Jackson jdjackson@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story For three years, federal dollars have paid for two Johnston County commuter bus routes into downtown Raleigh. But at the end of June, that program will end with nothing to take its place, frustrating riders and offering Johnston leaders a preview of coming concerns for the county. The dollars are tied to the rebuild of Interstate 40 in Raleigh and come from the Federal Highway Commission. The money established two morning and evening bus routes in Johnston. One route begins at the Walmart near I-40 and N.C. 42 in the Cleveland community and one at the Walmart on U.S. 70 Business in Clayton. Neil Davis, director of the Johnston County Area Transit Service, which has been exploring a possible replacement, said the bus routes were created to keep some commuting traffic off the narrowed interstate during the rebuild. “The idea was that if we could encourage those that commute out to Johnston County and the Triangle to take the bus, that would help mitigate congestion during the Fortify project,” Davis said, using the N.C. Department of Transportation project name for the rebuild. “So (the routes were established) with the stipulation that the funding would end after three years. The end of that three years comes this June 30th.” The buses make six trips into Raleigh from the two Johnston County stops each morning and six return trips each evening. A spokesman for GoRaleigh, the transit organization operating the buses, said the two routes combine for about 80 riders per day. Davis presented a couple life-raft scenarios for the riders once the buses end. In one case, JCATS would take over both routes but reduce the number of trips to three in the morning and three in the evening. That would cost $80,000 to $90,000 a year, Davis said, and require three new small buses, like the ones JCATS uses, at $75,000 apiece, putting Johnston County on the hook for more than $300,000 to start. County commissioners chairman Jeff Carver said that’s not going to happen, that the county could buy a taxi for each of the riders with the same money. “I gotta get these things down to the real numbers, and the real numbers aren’t too favorable right now,” said Carver, a banker. Either way, Davis said it would take at least six months to get buses, meaning even if the numbers did work out, the bus riders will need to find a new way to work right now. “Bottom line, we can’t do this by July 1,” Davis said. Davis suggested simply driving to the GoRaleigh park-and-ride lot the White Oak shopping center in Garner and catching the route to and from Raleigh. While Johnston didn’t paid for the bus routes, this three-year experiment is the county’s first foray into true public transportation. The JCATS bus system currently running in the county has no set routes and works more as a ride service for residents who set pickup times and destinations. While 80 riders might seem trivial now, the number of residents expecting such services could boom in the coming years, as roadway projects make it easier to live in outer counties like Johnston and still work in Raleigh. That’s what has current riders frustrated – that the county seems to be having little conversation or planning about a transit future for Johnston. “I’m a bus rider, but I don’t want to talk about the bus,” said Donna Wade, a Johnston resident who says she has a Garner address. “I want to talk about public transportation in general, which includes the bus.” Wade said riders from inside and outside of Johnston use the Raleigh-bound buses, some catching the bus at Cleveland or Clayton, some from as far away as Goldsboro and Fayetteville. “It’s not a free ride we’re looking for; we’re looking for continuation,” Wade said. “It’s good for the whole county to find an alternate transportation plan, not just to try and quiet these 50 people down.” She said many riders pay the $3 fare, while many other riders have their fares picked up by employers. As a funding source, Wade suggested looking to developers, whose rooftops are tied to the transit dilemma traveling back and forth from Raleigh and Research Triangle Park. “Public transportation should be thought of just like you think of parks and recreation, just like you think of schools,” Wade said. “Everybody doesn’t have schoolchildren, and everybody doesn’t go to the park, but the taxes pay for those things because it’s in the interest of the whole county.” Carver, the county commissioner, said no transit system in the world pays for itself, that what riders are willing to pay in fares would never come close to covering operating costs, meaning tax dollars prop up trains and buses. Carver admitted that tax-subsidy day is approaching for Johnston, but he seems unconvinced it’s here now. “We’ve looked at this for years and years,” he said. “When we did a survey, public transportation was at the bottom of the list of things (residents) wanted to do. There’s not a system in the world that pays for itself. It’s not if we ever, it’s when we ever get to that point. I’m not sure 40 riders, I’m not sure 400. You know, what is our magical number?” Drew Jackson; 919-603-4943; @jdrewjackson Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Johnston County Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:32 UNC Tar Heels' championship 'shining moment' in Lego animation Pause 1:39 UNC's Roy Williams on his Dadgum 'Royisms' 1:32 Large fire causes Georgia highway overpass collapse 2:30 Return to home ice is emotional for Canes' Bryan Bickell 2:56 NC State's Abu: 'We're starting a new chapter" 1:41 NC State's Deatherage: This is my comfort zone 0:40 Marcia Morey: From district judge to legislator 1:46 National police dog competition comes to Raleigh 1:01 DeVos promotes school vouchers during Fort Bragg visit 1:03 Relive the final seconds of UNC's NCAA National Championship Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Local chicken rental reps live in Zebulon 1:01 a month ago Local chicken rental reps live in Zebulon 1:39 6 months ago Matthew flooding collapses Smith Road 2:06 6 months ago Matthew floods Johnston County Boys & Girls Club View more video Johnston County The chicken question comes to Clayton The bus stops here, but not for much longer Johnston will end year-round schools Wedding venue The Farm to add second location near Flowers Plantation NC bracing for early Thursday storms that have a history of producing hail Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 5 Facts About High-Yield Dividend Stocks Every Investor Should Know If you like fat dividend yields, you need to go in with your eyes open. Here are five things to keep in mind -- always! Reuben Gregg Brewer (TMFReubenGBrewer) Apr 6, 2017 at 10:35AM If you are like me, you love dividends. And there's nothing more enticing for investors like us than a high-yield dividend stock! There are good reasons to like dividends, but you need to think about what a high yield means and take that into consideration before you pull the trigger on a high-yield stock.  1. A big yield can mean big risk The first and most important thing to remember about a stock that has a high yield is that, well, there's probably a reason. For example, home heating distributor Suburban Propane Partners LP (NYSE:SPH) has a massive yield of more than 13%. That's because there's a very real risk of a distribution cut. Cash levels have fallen by over 95% since late 2015, and business has been weak recently because of warm weather. This doesn't mean the distribution will be cut, but you can't look at Suburban Propane's yield without at least considering the risk that it could be cut.   Image source: Target Corporation. Another company that falls into this category today is Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT). The giant retailer's shares yield around 4.5% currently. Competitor Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) has a yield of around 3%. You have to ask, why the difference? In this case, Target's same-store sales fell in the all-important holiday season, and the company is calling for more declines in 2017. It's basically struggling to adjust to a fast-changing retail landscape. Wal-Mart appears to be holding up better, with same-store sales increasing over the Christmas shopping period and the company making aggressive moves like the acquisition of Jet.com.   2. Streaks can end and even lie If you are like me, you are fond of companies that increase their dividends regularly. It shows that the company believes it's important to return value to shareholders over time. And the decision to increase dividends is also a statement that management believes the future is bright. But Suburban illustrates another fact: Dividend streaks can end. Suburban Propane had increased its distribution for 14 years, but hasn't upped the distribution since the second quarter of 2015. There's a risk that the annual streak will end if the company doesn't declare an increase this year. Long dry spells like this one can be an indication that the dividend is at risk, particularly when the trend is paired with the cash burn on the balance sheet at Suburban.   Compare that to Target, which has a streak of 49 years. And it hasn't missed a beat when it comes to annual increases. Target's better financial shape relative to Suburban makes all the difference here. The takeaway is that just because a company has a history of increasing its dividend doesn't mean it will continue. You have to look more deeply to see what's going on at the company and whether it is well-positioned to handle adversity.   But streaks can lie, too, and Chevron (NYSE:CVX) is the perfect example. The oil major didn't increase its dividend for 10 quarters (over two years) but still maintained an annual streak of 29 years. It was the timing of the increases that allowed the annual streak to survive. This is just another example of why you need to analyze the information behind the headline number when it comes to dividends.   CVX Dividend Per Share (Quarterly) data by YCharts. 3. Why do you care? An important piece of the puzzle when it comes to big yields is understanding one's self. You need to ask yourself, essentially, what is it that a big yield is doing for you? If you are looking for income, then you like dividends because you can live off of them today. However, you have to keep in mind the three points above. Sometimes a big yield means a big risk, and that could leave you with less income in the long run if you reach for yield. You have to know your investing needs well, or you could continually fall into high-yield traps. That said, it's important to note that a big yield can also be an indication that the market is overreacting to bad news, leaving an entire sector out of favor and its constituent companies with high yields. In this case, the dividend yield is a tool identifying investment opportunities. Retail is a good example. Target is just one high-yielding retailer. L Brands, with a nearly 4.9% yield, and Stage Stores Inc, with a massive 28% yield, are two more. Although the industry is facing big risks, some retailers will survive and thrive and the large number of high yields means retail is probably worth a deep dive for dividend investors. Which brings up point No. 4. 4. A valuation tool A company's yield can also provide a rough estimate of valuation. For example, Target and Wal-Mart both have yields at the high end of their historical ranges. Based on the retail discussion above, that makes sense, but each still appears relatively cheap right now in the context of their respective histories.   WMT Dividend Yield (TTM) data by YCharts. Then there's Chevron, which we looked at earlier, and its roughly 4% yield. That's slightly higher than the norm for this oil giant, but not so far removed as to suggest a huge opportunity. In other words, just because a yield looks high on an absolute basis, it doesn't mean you're getting a bargain. . You can't use yield as your exclusive valuation tool, but don't overlook it either. It can tell you a lot very quickly. 5. Dividend growth matters, too  Now I'm going to challenge you to question everything you love about high-yield dividend stocks. A big yield is wonderful for today, but it can be a disaster for tomorrow if dividend increases (assuming there are increases) don't keep up with inflation. For example, Universal Health Realty Trust has a 10-year annualized dividend growth rate of just 1.8%, with shorter periods at about that level, too. That's not enough to keep up with inflation, which has averaged around 3% over the long term. The stock yields around 4.3% today.   Meanwhile, retailer Lowe's Companies (NYSE:LOW) yields only 1.7%, toward the high end of its historical range, but the dividend has been growing at around 20% a year. To give you an idea of just how powerful that is, a decade ago the quarterly dividend was $0.05 a share per quarter. Today Lowe's pays $0.35 a quarter. A fast-growing dividend can make up for a lower yield and help protect you from the ravages of inflation. Thus, the lower yield might be the better option in this situation. LOW Dividend Per Share (Quarterly) data by YCharts. But there's a middle ground, too. Target yields 4.4% and has a 10-year annualized dividend growth rate of 18%. Growth over shorter periods is lower, but the dividend grew roughly 7% over the past year despite the headwinds the company is facing. The dividend is telling you there are real risks at the retailer, but it's also saying that it could be an opportunity, too. Add in the historical dividend growth and you might decide that the extra risk is worth it.   The real issue here, however, is to make sure you don't get suckered in by a high yield that isn't going to keep up with inflation. That could leave you poorer in the long run even if the dividend doesn't get cut. No magic bullet By now you should realize that I love dividends and high yields, but I don't think they are a magic investing bullet. Yes, they can get you headed in the right direction, but if you don't go in with your eyes open to the risks, they can also lead you astray. Next time you look at a high yielder, keep these five points in mind before you blindly hit the "buy" button. Reuben Brewer has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron and Enterprise Products Partners. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Reuben Gregg Brewer (TMFReubenGBrewer) Reuben Gregg Brewer believes dividends are a window into a company's soul. He tries to invest in good souls. Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 10:35AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $71.43 down $0.22 (-0.31%) Chevron NYSE:CVX $109.29 up $0.65 (0.60%) Target NYSE:TGT $53.57 up $0.82 (1.55%) Lowe's NYSE:LOW $81.97 up $0.35 (0.43%) Suburban Propane Partners NYSE:SPH $26.76 up $0.52 (1.98%) Read More Seadrill Ltd: Time to Move On? Gold Resource Corporation Stock Slumped 11.5% in March: Should You Worry? Why Cliffs Natural Resources Inc Shares Plummeted Nearly 25% in March 8point3 Energy Partners Thrown Into Turmoil Here's Why Rice Energy Inc. Popped 19.7% in March Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Facts About High-Yield Dividend Stocks Every Investor Should Know @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $CVX, $TGT, $LOW, $SPH
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart Data Trends Cause Increasing Concern, Easter Becomes Important Event Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 06, 2017 10:19am   Comments Share: Related WMT Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers On IDEXX Laboratories And Target Amazon, Plug Power Supply Agreement 'Just Another Tech Upgrade' Trump, Xi To Meet; CarMax, Constellation Report: Investing Action Plan (Investor's Business Daily) Following its assessment of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT)'s March pricing data, BMO Capital Markets said the data trend has it increasingly concerned about slowing transaction growth. That said, the firm thinks Easter in an important first-quarter event. Sequential Price Cuts Across The Board Analyst Wayne Hood said he sees elevated sequential price reductions across the six major business units for February and March, as compared to January. The analyst noted that grocery, accounting for 56 percent of sales, saw a 25–26 percent price reduction of items on price rollback, sale or clearance in February and March versus 24 percent in January. The analyst also said it sees deepening rollbacks in household essentials. For household essentials, BMO Capital Markets sees an average price reduction of 43 percent in March, up from 39 percent in February. The firm sees average price reductions in the 18 percent range for food, thus rendering prices elevated in the category. Baby and beauty categories are starting to increase promotional intensity in March over February, the firm noted. The firm indicated that beauty continues to shift toward rollbacks. The firm also highlighted the fact that the seasonal area is set for Easter, with related core items such as baskets, plastic eggs and candy are aggressively priced. Same-Store Sales To Slow Concluding, BMO Capital Markets said, "Furthermore, the data trend has us increasingly concerned that our first-quarter SSS forecast of +1.5 percent is at risk of falling to the low end or below guidance of +1.0 percent to +1.5 percent (consensus +1.3 percent). If this were to occur, the two-year SSS stack rate would potentially slow to 2.0 percent from 2.4 percent in the fourth quarter." Underwhelming EBIT/EPS Growth Prospects Despite the success of many initiatives underway in the United States to sustain or accelerate customer transaction growth and reduce inventory, the firm sees the company's EBIT/EPS growth prospects over the next 12 months trailing the S&P 500 and the Staples group. The view is premised on elevated e-commerce and payroll/training investments. Consequently, BMO Capital Markets rates the shares of Wal-Mart an Underperform, with a $63 price target. Related Links: Here's Why Amazon And Wal-Mart's Price War Is Bad News For Major Brands Amazon, Plug Power Supply Agreement 'Just Another Tech Upgrade' Latest Ratings for WMT Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Bank of America Maintains Buy Feb 2017 Bank of America Upgrades Neutral Buy Feb 2017 Susquehanna Initiates Coverage On Positive View More Analyst Ratings for WMT View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Short Ideas Downgrades Psychology Top Stories Analyst Ratings Movers Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers On IDEXX Laboratories And Target Amazon, Plug Power Supply Agreement 'Just Another Tech Upgrade' Here's What To Expect From This Year's World Retail Congress 50 Advertisers Boycott YouTube Advertising, And It Won't Mean More Than A 1% Dip In Google's Top Line Here's Why Amazon And Wal-Mart's Price War Is Bad News For Major Brands Should Wal-Mart Investors Be Concerned That Amazon Invited Food Execs To Its Seattle Office? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 OHRP, DNR: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 AMZN, TWLO: Trip Chowdhry: Twilio's Broken Fundamentals, Problems Ar... 3 WDC, INTC: March PC Shipments Exceed Forecasts, Bode Well For A... 4 AUPH, TNXP: Adam Feuerstein Sees Major Price Manipulat... 5 CYCC: Adam Feuerstein Unloads On Cyclacel Ph... 6 BTX, KMX: 22 Stocks Moving In Thursday&#... 7 COF, TDG: Citron Goes Short On F... 1 T, S: T-Mobile May Reflect M&A Upside, But Sustained Competition Merits A Deut... 2 GLUU, AAPL: What Does Apple Dropping Imagination Mean For Other Apple Suppliers? 3 KOL: Coal ETF Still Hoping Trump Delivers 4 KHC, UL: Unilever Is 'Highly Energized' Following A Fai... 5 SCON, SBNY: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For A... 6 NTAP, DELL: NetApp's Recent Momentum Should... 7 NVDA, AMZN: The Market In 5 Minutes View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products T-Mobile May Reflect M&A Upside, But Sustained Competition Merits A Deutsche Bank Downgrade
Home Weather 59° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Mom left kids in 100-degree car while she shoplifted, police say Mom charged with leaving kids in hot car KVUE 10:28 PM. CDT April 05, 2017 Raquel Perez booking photo from 2016. (Photo: Austin Police Department) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST AUSTIN - Police allege a woman left her two children in a hot car for more than an hour while she got her nails done and shoplifted from a south Austin Wal-Mart last year. According to an affidavit dated April 5, police say they were called to the Wal-Mart near East Ben White and Interstate 35 around 1:55 p.m. May 5, 2016 for a report of two children – a 21-month old and a 3-year-old – left in a hot vehicle. Witnesses alerted Wal-Mart employees, and the affidavit states the 3-year-old was able to unlock the door so they could be taken inside. A fireman noted the interior temperature of the car was 100°F several minutes after the vehicle was opened. Police say they were able to identify Raquel Perez, 26, as the victims’ mother when she came into the store looking for her children. The affidavit states Perez told police she left her children in the car because they were asleep. Using surveillance cameras, police established Perez parked at the store shortly around 12:45 p.m. and walked into the Wal-Mart. After exiting the store around 10 minutes later, she reentered the store and went to the nail salon.  Edward Alcoser and his co-worker heard the kids in the car before they saw them. "We went closer to the car to see there were two kids crying up a storm and totally drenched in their own perspiration," Alcoser said. "It just felt wrong and we needed to do something about it." Police say while Perez was getting her nails done and shoplifting, Alcoser's co-worker went to get help while he dialed 911. He added "I was really upset and a bit angry. You don't do this to kids, you just don't," Alcoser said. The affidavit states around 2:05 p.m., surveillance video captured Perez leaving the nail salon and proceed to shoplift from the store. Police said Perez activated the anti-theft sensors around 2:25 p.m. and placed items in her car before returning to the store to ask about her children. Police have charged Perez with endangering a child, a state jail felony. A year later, Alcoser said he doesn't feel like a hero, he's just happy the police were finally able to gather enough evidence to arrest Perez.  "I'm just grateful that we were there and willing to do something about it, not to just let them suffer in the car. Who knows how long it would've lasted?" Alcoser said.  Both children are in the custody of relatives, according to Child Protective Services (CPS). KVUE spoke to police about why it took a year to bring charges against Perez, officials said it was required in order to interview all witnesses and cooperate with CPS. © 2017 KVUE-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Family desperately searching for missing UH student Baytown police combing through leads Man shot, killed in strip center KHOU 11 Breaking News Funeral held for Deputy Constable Clint Greenwood Couple ties the knot at Toyota Center Man who tipped off police rattled by case Police release video of possible suspect in murder of deputy constable HPD Chief Acevedo: We are not ICE agents, we are here for witnesses, victims Several possible motives in deputy's fatal shooting being investigated More Stories U.S. launches cruise missile strike on Syria after… Apr. 6, 2017, 8:24 p.m. Trump: Syrian strike is in 'vital national security… Apr. 6, 2017, 9:48 p.m. U.S. launches strike on Syrian military airfield:… Apr. 6, 2017, 9:36 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Here Are Ivanka Trump’s Favorite Things — And How Much They Cost How You Can Save Over $1,000 by Not Getting Sick 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market Bet You Didn’t Know Your FSA Can Cover These 7 Things Why You Need an HSA 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes Here’s How Often CD Rates Change 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News The Most Valuable Public Company in Every State How to Cash Savings Bonds 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News You Won’t Believe These 8 Things That Can Majorly Impact Your Social Security Benefits 40 Social Security Tips for 2017 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts How to Close a Checking Account for Free Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News How to Find the Best Bank Account How to Cash a Check 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips 6 Easiest Credit Cards to Get 6 Instant-Approval Credit Cards 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Personal Finance Tips > Fun Facts > From Diamonds to Doorbells: 30 Shocking Grocery Store Buys That Aren’t Food From Diamonds to Doorbells: 30 Shocking Grocery Store Buys That Aren’t FoodYou can find much more than fruits and veggies at your local marketplace store. By Jodi O'Connell | April 6, 2017 Previously 8 of the Highest Grossing Easter Movies 1/31 Show Thumbnails Stokkete / Shutterstock.com A grocery store that sells only food and household items is so last year. These days, supermarkets are focusing on the "super" part of their name, offering a wide range of items from baby clothes to bedding at bargain prices. If you're tired of journeying to Costco or Target for all your household products and supplies, consider picking up some of these items at marketplace stores such as King Soopers, Fry's, Kroger and Dillons Marketplace. Here are just a few unique deals you can find at the grocery store. 2/31 Show Thumbnails Claudiophotography / Shutterstock.com 1. 1 1/2-Carat Solitaire Engagement Ring Price: $13,999 If you're ready to pop the question and a trip to Tiffany & Co. is out of the question, it's time to splurge on an engagement ring from the Fred Meyer jewelry department. The 1-1/2-carat Forever Ideal Diamond Solitaire ring's hearts-and-arrows pattern pairs beautifully with the 14k white gold setting. 3/31 Show Thumbnails All About Space / Shutterstock.com 2. Bedding Price: up to $129.99 Fred Meyer has everything you need to make your bed a place you want to snuggle up in at the end of the day. A Kroger trademark, the HD Designs brand boasts 700 thread-count sheets in sizes ranging from twin to king. Spread your bed in a bevy of colors, including banana crepe, eggnog and vapor blue. Don't Miss: The Best Spring Shopping Steals at Walmart, Target and More 4/31 Show Thumbnails Africa Studio / Shutterstock.com 3. Bath Towels Price: $8.99 to $13.99 Wrap yourself in luxurious Egyptian cotton the moment you step out of the shower. HD Designs bath towels come in multiple sizes reaching up to 35 inches by 66 inches for sumptuous drying. Plus, the 10 playful colors, including Tango Red and Sahara Sun, help liven up your bathroom. 5/31 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / Beano5 4. KitchenAid Artisan Stand Mixer Price: $349.99 Baking goods are typically a bad deal at Walmart and Target, but some supermarkets not only offer stellar discounts on baking goods but kitchen appliances. Pick up a KitchenAid Artisan stand mixer on your next shopping trip. The 10-speed mixer holds nine cups of flour, and the versatile power hub can operate optional attachments. 6/31 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / Bill Oxford 5. Cookware Price: $29.99 to $199.99 Upgrade your old cookware set for an easier time creating those kitchen masterpieces. Select stainless steel Calphalon pans for braising and browning or opt for lightweight anodized aluminum for everyday jobs. You can choose among single pans, duos and entire sets. 7/31 Show Thumbnails Anatoly Vartanov / Shutterstock.com 6. TAG Heuer Watch Price: $1,000 to $5,700 If you've been thinking of springing for a new TAG Heuer watch, go ahead and add it to the grocery list alongside the milk and eggs. You'll find the swanky Swiss timepieces at Fred Meyer in the jewelry department. An unforgettable gift choice, the TAG Heuer Aquaracer Watch features rose gold hands sweeping around a mother-of-pearl dial with diamond hour markers. 8/31 Show Thumbnails Max Topchii / Shutterstock.com 7. Barbecue Grill Price: $20 to $699 Cook the meat you bought on sale on a new barbecue grill. Grab an HD Designs portable charcoal grill to take to the beach or on a camping trip for just $20. Or cook out in the backyard on the Genesis E-310 for $699. The grill's expansive cooking area gives you plenty of room to feed friends and family. 9/31 Show Thumbnails Todd Castor / Shutterstock.com 8. Patio Furniture Price: $14.99 to $700+ Although it's not uncommon to find resin patio chairs in the $14.99 range at the supermarket, marketplace stores like Freddy's roll out Adirondack chairs and attractive barstools in shades like Dragonfly Teal and Ski Patrol Red. For more luxurious outdoor time, check out the store's supply of fabric sectionals and wicker sofa sets for $600 and up. See: 20 Deals You Can Only Get at Costco 10/31 Show Thumbnails Viktor Prymachenko / Shutterstock.com 9. Diamond Earrings Price: $59.99 to $19,250 Complete your special dinner with a little candlelight — and splurge on diamond earrings to reflect the glow. For something truly extraordinary, opt for Kallati 5 1/3-ct. tw. diamond drop earrings. You can take a pair home for $19,250. If your grocery budget doesn't stretch that far, you can pick up 1/12-ct. tw. stud earrings in the $60 range. 11/31 Show Thumbnails Halfpoint / Shutterstock.com 10. Shoes Price: $24.99 to $124.99 Find your favorite shoe brands, including Skechers, Vans and New Balance, in your local marketplace grocery store. You can also browse an extensive selection of work boots, casual boots and dress shoes. 12/31 Show Thumbnails Maridav / Shutterstock.com 11. Athletic Wear Price: $12 and up Uncover discounts on some of your favorite athletic-wear brands while you shop at a marketplace grocery store. Find apparel by Columbia, Adidas, Champion and more designer brands, or show your support for your favorite sports team with fan gear ranging from tees to jackets. 13/31 Show Thumbnails Dmitry Kalinovsky / Shutterstock.com 12. Clothing for the Family Price: $3 to $150 With the extensive apparel departments offered by many marketplace stores, you can save money on clothes for every member of your family. At Carter's, you can shop coordinating outfits for the kids or look for a special piece for yourself. The stores carry everything from socks and hats to dressy slacks and office wear. 14/31 Show Thumbnails Markus Mainka / Shutterstock.com 13. Wine by the Glass Price: $2 to $10 Take a break from all that shopping and relax over some vino. You'll find stellar deals on wine by the glass at Fred Meyer Marketplace right between the produce section and gourmet cheese. The Happy Hour Chardonnay runs just $2 a glass, or you can sip some Robert Craig Zinfandel, sourced from Black Sears Vineyard on the top of California's Howell Mountain, for $10. 15/31 Show Thumbnails Artem Oliinyk / Shutterstock.com 14. Decor Price: 99 cents to $100 Check out the decorative touches at your favorite marketplace store to spruce up the home. You can pick up clear votive candle cups to create ambiance for as little as 99 cents each. Or spruce up a bare wall with a replica of Stephen Fishwick's portrait of Albert Einstein, "It's All Relative." 16/31 Show Thumbnails arisara / Shutterstock.com 15. A Good Book Price: 20 to 30 percent off cover price At marketplace grocery stores, you'll find more than a rotating rack of paperbacks. The floor-to-ceiling shelves of the book department tower over cozy tables and chairs where you can delve into your finds before making a purchase. Browse through hardcovers, paperbacks, magazines, children's books and more. 17/31 Show Thumbnails Syda Productions / Shutterstock.com 16. Cooking Lesson Price: $0 to $450 Many marketplace stores feature an extensive selection of gourmet cheeses, meats, fresh produce and import products. So, it's only natural that they'd help you make the most of your buys. Take a complimentary knife skills class on the first Wednesday of the month at Fry's Marketplace in Paradise Valley, Ariz. You can opt for a one-night class, where you'll enjoy a gourmet menu, or enroll in a 10-week cooking skills course. 18/31 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / Missing35mm 17. Fire Pit Table Price: $350 to $450 If you like to linger in the backyard after dark, a fire pit is a must. Snag a fire pit table and you'll have somewhere to set your drink down or put your feet up while you warm your hands by the flames. The round table features sturdy steel framing and an easy-to-clean tile surface. 19/31 Show Thumbnails A. Aleksandravicius / Shutterstock.com 18. Fitness Equipment Price: $4.99 to $249.99 If you're feeling guilty for buying all those cookies and chips, hit the fitness selection of your local Fred Meyer for everything you need to keep the pounds off as you try out new workout trends. Trim your middle with affordable fitness tools like the Simply Fit Board or spring into action with a 12-foot enclosed trampoline. And toss a Fitbit activity tracker into your cart for good measure to track your fitness progress. 20/31 Show Thumbnails Breslavtsev Oleg / Shutterstock.com 19. Hot Tub Price: $449.99 Relax after dinner in your very own hot tub. The Coleman Inflatable Hot Tub assembles in a matter of minutes and comes with everything you need to get started, including a pump, heater unit and pressure gauge. 21/31 Show Thumbnails SpeedKingz / Shutterstock.com 20. Curved TV Price: $2,899 Although you'll find the best deals on electronics at Best Buy, it's nice to have the option of buying at TV at the grocery store — right? Invite friends over to watch the game on a Samsung 65-inch Class Curved 4K UHD Smart HDTV. The curved screen promotes a more immersive experience, while the slim silhouette looks attractive from any angle. You won't get this item to fit in your shopping cart, but you should be able to position it on your entertainment center with ease: It weights just 62 pounds. 22/31 Show Thumbnails Artazum / Shutterstock.com 21. Convertible Baby Crib Price: $179.99 Take your new baby from tot to teen with a convertible crib. Freddy's carries the Delta Children Layla 4-in-1 convertible crib in dark-chocolate wood. The crib converts to a toddler bed with guard rail, a daybed and a full-size bed. 23/31 Show Thumbnails nikitabuida / Shutterstock.com 22. Shower Curtain Price: $3.99 to $24.99 If you don't have time to scrub your shower every week, consider purchasing a colorful curtain to conceal any soap stains. Choose from elegant patterns on waterproof fabric curtains or playful prints of hippos, whales and other water creatures. 24/31 Show Thumbnails Artazum / Shutterstock.com 23. Living Room Furniture Price: $13.99 to $449.99 If your old seating is looking a little worn, give your living room a facelift through the Fred Meyer furniture department. Ashley Furniture, Emerald and Sauder are just three of the name brands you'll find on the marketplace store's floor. Choose among sofas, loveseats and recliners, or create your own custom sectional by mixing and matching pieces in the Hansen collection. 25/31 Show Thumbnails Africa Studio / Shutterstock.com 24. Rolling Suitcase Price: $70 to $90 If you have a vacation planned for this year, head over to the apparel and accessories section to pick out some new luggage. Check out the Olympia Tuscany Spinner Rolling Cases, available in a range of sizes. The expandable, soft-sided cases offer extra room for souvenirs on the trip back. 26/31 Show Thumbnails Pressmaster / Shutterstock.com 25. Laptop Computer Price: $189 to 199 Stay connected with a Chromebook laptop by Asus or Samsung. These basic computers provide up to 13 hours of battery life and 16 GB of hard drive storage. Chromebooks also offer a simple and affordable way to help kids do homework or stay in touch with friends and family online. 27/31 Show Thumbnails ben bryant / Shutterstock.com 26. Car Battery Price: $110 to $154.99 Don't worry about getting stuck in the grocery store parking lot — or anywhere else — if your car won't crank. Freddy's sells automotive batteries so you can get back on the road fast. As a bonus, many of the batteries come with 30-month exchanges and performance guarantees. For all your other car emergencies, try these necessities. 28/31 Show Thumbnails Freedom_Studio / Shutterstock.com 27. Video Doorbell Price: $199.99 See who's at the door — even if you're not home. The Ring Wi-Fi Video Doorbell uses a motion sensor to alert you to activity near your front door. Plus, infrared night vision lets you see your visitor in low light. You can even record your visitors and save the video to the cloud. 29/31 Show Thumbnails Rob Marmion / Shutterstock.com 28. Interior House Paint Price: $18.99 to $39.99 You might be surprised to find a paint department in a grocery store. However, Fred Meyer Marketplace rolls out a selection of Dutch Boy paints in a bevy of brilliant colors to help you freshen up your home's interior on the cheap. 30/31 Show Thumbnails kurhan / Shutterstock.com 29. Lawnmower Price: $94.99 to $299.99 It's that time of year again. Keep your lawn looking lush during the growing season with a lawnmower from Fred Meyer Marketplace. Purchase an Earthwise 20-inch cordless electric lawnmower and never worry about running over the cord again. Or get in shape and reduce your carbon footprint with a rotary push mower. 31/31 Show Thumbnails Savvapanf Photo / Shutterstock.com 30. Starbucks Price: Varies After your long trek through the marketplace, relax with a handcrafted coffee drink from Starbucks. Try an Iced Coconut Milk Mocha Macchiato for a cool and satisfying pick-me-up with summer flavor, or order a fruity Starbucks Refreshers Beverage to get invigorated. Up Next: Costly Mistakes You're Making While Grocery Shopping Up Next 15 Affordable Destinations All Car Lovers Should Visit View All Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article 15 Affordable Destinations All Car Lovers Should Visit These destinations are shrines for car lovers around the world. Related Articles Shocking Truths About What Protests Cost You Bet You Didn’t Know These Huge Corporations Own Your Favorite Brands 11 Popular Diets of the Rich and Famous 30 Surprising Uses for Your Unwanted Pennies People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. SOFI: Terms and Conditions Apply. SOFI RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE PRODUCTS AND BENEFITS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. To qualify, a borrower must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident in an eligible state and meet SoFi's underwriting requirements. Not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. To qualify for the lowest rate, you must have a responsible financial history and meet other conditions. If approved, your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed above and will depend on a variety of factors, including term of loan, a responsible financial history, years of experience, income and other factors. Rates and Terms are subject to change at anytime without notice and are subject to state restrictions. SoFi refinance loans are private loans and do not have the same repayment options that the federal loan program offers such as Income Based Repayment or Income Contingent Repayment or PAYE. Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Finance Lender Law License No. 6054612. SoFi loans are originated by SoFi Lending Corp., NMLS # 1121636. (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org) Fixed rates from 3.375% APR to 6.740% APR (with AutoPay). Variable rates from 2.365% APR to 6.290% APR (with AutoPay). Interest rates on variable rate loans are capped at either 8.95% or 9.95% depending on term of loan. See APR examples and terms. Lowest variable rate of 2.365% APR assumes current 1 month LIBOR rate of 0.79% plus 1.825% margin minus 0.25% ACH discount. Not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. If approved for a loan, the fixed or variable interest rate offered will depend on your creditworthiness, and the term of the loan and other factors, and will be within the ranges of rates listed above. For the SoFi variable rate loan, the 1-month LIBOR index will adjust monthly and the loan payment will be re-amortized and may change monthly. APRs for variable rate loans may increase after origination if the LIBOR index increases. The SoFi 0.25% AutoPay interest rate reduction requires you to agree to make monthly principal and interest payments by an automatic monthly deduction from a savings or checking account. The benefit will discontinue and be lost for periods in which you do not pay by automatic deduction from a savings or checking account. *To check the rates and terms you qualify for, SoFi conducts a soft credit inquiry. Unlike hard credit inquiries, soft credit inquiries (or soft credit pulls) do not impact your credit score. Soft credit inquiries allow SoFi to show you what rates and terms SoFi can offer you up front. After seeing your rates, if you choose a product and continue your application, we will request your full credit report from one or more consumer reporting agencies, which is considered a hard credit inquiry. Hard credit inquiries (or hard credit pulls) are required for SoFi to be able to issue you a loan. In addition to requiring your explicit permission, these credit pulls may impact your credit score.
Sports News Entertainment Opinion Log In Subscribe Log In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Advertise Place Classified Ad Display Advertising Stay Connected Mobile Facebook Twitter E-mail RSS Feeds My Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Manage Account E-Edition Newsletters News News Local Crime Weather Education Marijuana California Nation/World Databases Special Reports Obituaries Death Notices Blogs Political Notebook Sports Sports High Schools Outdoors Grizzlies MLB MLB Scores & Stats NBA NBA Scores & Stats NFL NFL Scores & Stats College Columnists Andy Boogaard Marek Warszawski David White Politics Politics Elections Voter Guide Fresno State Bulldogs Fresno State Bulldogs Football Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie Times Music TV Theater & Arts Comics Puzzles & Games Dine Out Peoples Choice Blogs & Columnists Beehive Rory Appleton Rick Bentley Donald Munro Joshua Tehee Living Living Food & Drink Calendar Religion Horoscopes Blogs & Columnists Beehive Brew Buzz Bethany Clough Carmen George Fresno Famous Ask Amy Business Business Agriculture Personal Finance Technology Mortgage Rates Blogs BoNhia Lee Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters Valley Voices Other Opinions SW Parra Submit a Letter Columnists Armen Bacon Victor Davis Hanson David "Mas" Masumoto Bill McEwen Obituaries Today's Obituaries Place an Obituary CV Magazine Shopping Local Deals Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Local Ads Special Sections Classifieds Classifieds Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Real Estate New Homes Map Jobs Automotive Merchandise Pets Legal Notices Service Directory Place An Ad Classified Open House Weekend Real Estate Marketplace Jobs Jobs Fresno Bee Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Search Real Estate New Homes Map Real Estate Showcase Shopping Crime April 5, 2017 7:11 PM Police seek help finding suspect who brandished knife while robbing Walmart facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:36 B-17 Flying Fortress flies again over Fresno Pause 1:13 Fresno State's lacrosse team drawing better crowds, fan support (and winning, too) 1:27 Rushing to avoid a flood 3:28 High speed rail construction update for March 2017 1:30 What to do if you think you have a recalled product 2:04 Schiff: Devin Nunes stepping away from Russia probe 'in the best interest of the investigation' 1:33 Pillar of buffalo skulls to be dedicated at Fresno State 1:30 Piemonte's Deli started out as a meat market in 1929 in downtown Fresno 1:10 Video: Farmworkers Communities call on California to ban brain-harming pesticide Chlorpyrifos in the state 4:52 Video premiere: Stoneshiver – ‘Fanboy’ Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Fresno police are asking for the public's assistance locating a suspect who brandished a knife while stealing merchandise at the Walmart at 7065. N. Ingram Ave. in Fresno, California, on March 23, 2017. The Fresno Bee i The Fresno Bee LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Fresno police are asking for the public’s helping identify a suspect who is brandished a knife while allegedly robbing a Walmart in north Fresno on March 23. The suspect entered the Walmart at 7065 N. Ingram Ave. in Fresno around 5:40 p.m. and selected several items and placed them in a Walmart bag at a self-checkout counter. The suspect did not pay for the items and headed for the exit where he brandished a knife at a Walmart employee who was checking receipts. Police believe the suspect is in his mid-20s, about 5-foot-6 with a thin build and a light complexion. He has a sleeve tattoo on his right forearm. The suspect is believed to have fled in a white unknown model pickup truck. If you recognize the suspect for have any information about the incident, contact Detective Pat Mares at 559-621-2080 or Crimestoppers at 559-598-STOP. Related content Fresno police seek help finding Walmart robbery suspect LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:36 B-17 Flying Fortress flies again over Fresno Pause 1:13 Fresno State's lacrosse team drawing better crowds, fan support (and winning, too) 1:27 Rushing to avoid a flood 3:28 High speed rail construction update for March 2017 1:30 What to do if you think you have a recalled product 2:04 Schiff: Devin Nunes stepping away from Russia probe 'in the best interest of the investigation' 1:33 Pillar of buffalo skulls to be dedicated at Fresno State 1:30 Piemonte's Deli started out as a meat market in 1929 in downtown Fresno 1:10 Video: Farmworkers Communities call on California to ban brain-harming pesticide Chlorpyrifos in the state 4:52 Video premiere: Stoneshiver – ‘Fanboy’ Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Fresno police seek help finding Walmart robbery suspect 0:33 a day ago Fresno police seek help finding Walmart robbery suspect 3:24 a day ago We won't take part in immigration roundups, Tulare County sheriff says 0:51 9 days ago Low-speed chase in Fresno leads to arrest on pot charges View more video Crime Reedley police investigating gun sighting at high school Lawyer says former Fresno State mascot innocent in groping case There’s been a rise in vehicle burglaries in northwest Fresno Aunt charged with murder, child abuse in 4-year-old girl’s death Inmate was facing less than 3 years in prison. Then he stabbed a jail officer Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery e-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile Options Mobile Alerts Newsletters RSS Advertising Advertising with the Bee Place Classified Ads Classified Ad Help Local Deals Shopping Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery e-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile Options Mobile Alerts Newsletters RSS Advertising Advertising with the Bee Place Classified Ads Classified Ad Help Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Skimming schemes keeping law enforcers busy By Pat ReavyDeseret News@DNewsCrimeTeam Published: April 5, 2017 8:25 p.m. Updated: yesterday 6 Comments 1 of 1 View 1 Item Ravell Call, Deseret News FILE - Lt. Von Steenblik of the Centerville Police Department talks with the media south of Kemmerer, Wyoming, Wednesday, May 18, 2016. Steenblik said there are groups that travel around the country to either steal credit card information or use the information they've already illegally obtained. CENTERVILLE — A Wal-Mart gift card. A gift card from a Mexican restaurant. A hotel room key card. What Centerville police say these items recently seized from a hotel room have in common is that rather than being able to buy only food or get into a room, the magnetic strips on all of the cards were re-encoded with someone else's credit or debit card number and could be used just like a regular credit card. It's just the latest example of what law enforcers statewide say is a continuously growing problem: skimming. "Especially this last year. We’re seeing people come from out of state and doing this," said Centerville Police Lt. Von Steenblik. During an investigation in March, two men were observed by store security at Wal-Mart in Centerville, 221 W. Parrish Lane, making "suspicious credit card transactions," according to a search warrant unsealed in 2nd District Court. "(Loss Prevention) advised that the males purchased gift cards with multiple credit cards, which she believes were cloned. The LP have been involved with several investigations involving traveling groups using cloned credit cards and from her experience believed that is what the two suspects  were doing. LP had also been alerted by at least two other Wal-Mart stores about these same two individuals doing the same thing at their stores," the warrant states. Police were called and searched both the men and their hotel room. Investigators found more than 40 gift cards, a machine that re-encodes magnetic strips and an Xbox that detectives believe was being used like a computer to access the internet, according to the warrant. Sixteen of those cards "were found to have been re-encoded with a different financial transaction card account number." Because this type of crime has become more frequent, Steenblik said Centerville police had been working with Wal-Mart security closely, teaching them how to identify potential card skimmers and then document their transactions using store security cameras. "How many people go in and buy 25 gift cards at a time? You just don’t. That’s the give-away,” he said. "And they just keep buying them until they get declined and then they move on to the next credit card number." Steenblik said there are groups that travel around the country to either steal credit card information or use the information they've already illegally obtained. "A lot of them that we were seeing that have come through over the last six to nine months through Centerville are Cubans, and they’re coming out of the Miami area,” he said. Over the weekend, Cottonwood Heights police arrested two men from Florida who were caught allegedly installing a card skimming machine in a gas pump. That arrest comes on the heels of the arrests of two teen boys from Romania by the Utah Highway Patrol earlier this year on I-70 near Richfield. According to a search warrant affidavit filed in the case, the teens were allegedly "traveling cross-country in order to skim credit card and personal information using the skimmers, laptop, cellphone and electronic storage devices found in their possession." Similar incidents are being reported around the country. • Two men from Italy and Romania were indicted Tuesday on charges they ran an elaborate, large-scale, credit-card skimming ring in several Middlesex, Massachusetts, towns along the Route 128 corridor, according to the Bedford Patch. • The Louisana secretary of agriculture reported on March 30 that 15 credit card skimming devices were found at gasoline pumps in different parts of the state over the past month, collecting about 4,000 credit and debit card numbers. • The San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department reported in March that at least 80 people had their bank card information compromised by a card skimming device at a gas pump in the tourist town of Big Bear, California, according to ABC 7. Steenblik said a person's credit card information is obtained by one of two ways. One is buying a number off the "dark web." Those numbers, he said, are collected during high-profile security breaches such as what happened with Target and Arby's. The other way is by installing card skimming machines, such as at gas pumps or ATMs. A person then buys a re-encoding machine, which can be purchased off the regular internet, Steenblik said, and puts the stolen number on anything that has a magnetic strip. "It can be a gift card, it can be any card that has a magnetic strip,” he said. A room key card can then be used, essentially, as a credit card. Most victims don't realize they've been victimized until after the fact because their credit card is still in their wallets. They have no idea the information from it has been stolen. Steenblik said the scammers will then typically go to big box stores and purchase either gift cards or iPads and phones. Gift cards can be spent, re-encoded or pawned off, he said, which is why they are so popular. Plus, they're small and easier to steal and conceal, Steenblik said. Skimming is part of a "really big operation" that is similar to organized crime, he said. The ones that are caught in Utah are typically at the bottom of their group. "They drive in or fly in, get a rental car, and go up and down the I-15 corridor doing this,” he said. But when they're caught, Steenblik said they rarely talk. And those who do talk to investigators only know the person who hired them by their first name, and the only contact they have with them is through a phone that has since been discarded. Once they bail out of jail, they typically flee. "Some of them get bail posted for them, and then they’re gone. We see very few of them come back to court,” Steenblik said. 6 comments on this story Investigators believe the "bigger fish" in the operation aren't actually in Utah, which is why local police agencies rely on assistance from the U.S. Secret Service to help with the cases. U.S. Attorney for Utah John Huber said Wednesday that his office has seen skimming scams for years. "Cyber is the new frontier of crime. This is the manifestation of that. This is a cybercrime. They’re using technology to rip people off,” he said. Steenblik said the best thing local law enforcers can do for now is to train stores on how to recognize skimming. Contributing: Dennis Romboy Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Utah.com Top spring/summer concerts coming to Utah in 2017 Utah 5 hours ago Federal monitoring of UTA 'unprecedented,' state official says Utah 5 hours ago Amid contention over homeless issues, Salt Lake leaders celebrate success stories The PopuList 1 Google Fiber installation moving at dial-up speeds in Salt Lake City 2 Figure skaters spin fairy tales on ice 3 Mormons rejoice at news of new temples in Utah, Idaho, Kenya, Philippines, Brazil 4 Lehi woman fighting Parkinson's disease one punch at a time 5 About Utah: 'American Idol' alum offering live stream with an Easter theme View all for Utah most Commented 39 Hatch, Lee vote for 'nuclear option' to ensure Gorsuch confirmation 36 LDS Church President Thomas S. Monson hospitalized 36 Draper mother deported despite last-minute push 31 Dawn Armstrong: Homelessness has a face, and it's mine 30 Jay Evensen: I get it now; people are rude and getting worse 27 Birth of a Utah coal mine in the Trump era (+video) 23 Hatch, Lee vote in favor of sending Gorsuch nomination to full Senate 16 President Monson, other LDS leaders end conference with pleas for daily discipleship Friday, April, 7, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Edison - Liberty City April 6, 2017 7:26 PM Hanging out at Walmart? A rhino iguana facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:56 Man attacks clerk after credit card declined Pause 0:56 Miami-Dade SWAT combats rise of synthetic heroin 2:51 Mark Walton talks UM football 3:21 Bal Harbour Shops Expansion 0:54 Surveillance video shows moment motorcycle rider is hit by flying mattress 1:06 What to do when you meet a python 0:58 Irula tribesmen chase pythons in the Everglades 1:26 "Chimp mom" raises to small chimpanzees in her Havana apartment 0:36 U.S. fires missiles at Syrian air base 0:54 WOW takes flight from Miami Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email A rhino iguana was spotted and captured by Miami-Dade Fire Rescue’s Venom One unit on April 6, 2017. Courtesy: Miami-Dade Fire Rescue’s Venome One unit A rhino iguana was found outside of Liberty City’s Walmart, 3200 NW 79th St., on Thursday, April 6, 2017. Miami-Dade Fire Rescue’s Venom One unit removed the reptile. Neal, David - Miami Miami-Dade Fire Rescue 1 of 2 i By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Big, with coarse-looking skin and a face that repels smiles, he worried Walmart shoppers while he walked around the premises Thursday afternoon. Authorities were called. When they arrived around 2:30 p.m., he was hanging out near the shopping carts. Lieutenant Lisa Wood took him into custody. Thus did Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Venom One save consumers at Liberty City’s Walmart, 3200 NW 79th St., from a rhino iguana. Reptiles Magazine calls the rhino iguana “one of the world’s most magnificent iguanas” and says it’s found on Hispaniola, the island split between Haiti and the Dominican Republic. “The disposition of this species can vary considerably,” the magazine says. “Some rhinoceros iguanas become extremely tame, while others can be extremely aggressive and inflict bites.”   David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal Related content Rhino iguana captured by Venom One in northwest Miami-Dade LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Edison - Liberty City Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:27 Rhino iguana captured by Venom One in northwest Miami-Dade Pause 1:26 "Chimp mom" raises to small chimpanzees in her Havana apartment 0:56 Man attacks clerk after credit card declined 0:56 Miami-Dade SWAT combats rise of synthetic heroin 0:36 U.S. fires missiles at Syrian air base 0:54 WOW takes flight from Miami 2:03 Education secretary DeVos tours FIU 0:33 'They bought your cabinet position, secretary': Protester follows Betsy DeVos at FIU 0:25 Tennis star Simona Halep surprises 8-year-old girl with video message 0:23 Surveillance video shows possible attempted abduction of baby Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 months ago Community marks 10th anniversary of killing of 9-year-old Sherdavia Jenkins in Miami's Liberty City 2:01 9 months ago Community marks 10th anniversary of killing of 9-year-old Sherdavia Jenkins in Miami's Liberty City 2:59 9 months ago Family recalls life of slain 9-year-old Sherdavia Jenkins 0:36 2 hours ago U.S. fires missiles at Syrian air base View more video Edison - Liberty City Hanging out at Walmart? A rhino iguana Another night of shooting in northwest Miami-Dade ends with a father dead No bond for Miami teen accused of wounding two undercover detectives Miami Dolphins’ oldest fan, pioneering nurse Willie Porter dies at 105 A Sunday murder mystery in Liberty City Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: HOANG DINH NAM/AFP via Getty Images Trump's Trade Threats Forcing Export-Dependent Vietnam to Pivot by Nguyen Dieu Tu Uyen @ndt_uyen More stories by Nguyen Dieu Tu Uyen and John Boudreau @svwriter More stories by John Boudreau April 6, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT From shoes to chairs, U.S. is Vietnam’s No. 1 export market Vietnam seeks new partners to weather possible border tariff President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from a Pacific Rim trade deal was viewed as a glancing blow by Vietnam’s Phu Tai Corp., which makes furniture for Wal-Mart outlets. The knockout punch may come if he follows through on threats of protectionism. From a possible border tax to higher tariffs, America’s push to reset trade relations is putting Vietnam’s small economy at risk. Phu Tai, based in a central province, relies on the U.S. for 40 percent of sales, and some business may evaporate if its dining-room sets and outdoor chairs become too expensive. “If protectionism rises in the U.S., it will hurt countries like Vietnam that rely on exports,” said Nguyen Sy Hoe, the company’s deputy general director. “The government needs to help companies.” Vietnam sells a fifth of its exports to the U.S., making it one of the few Asian nations counting America as a bigger market for their goods than China. Yet Vietnam’s $32 billion trade surplus with the U.S. puts it in the crosshairs of the White House after Trump ordered a study to identify any “trade abuse” fueling American deficits. Trump also professed support for a border adjustment tariff to encourage production of goods in the U.S. and reduce incentives for companies to move overseas. Higher taxes on U.S. importers would reduce Vietnam’s gross domestic product by almost 0.9 percent, the most negative effect on any Asian country, Credit Suisse Group AG economists Santitarn Sathirathai and Michael Wan said in a January report. “If the U.S. creates a new wave of protectionism, Vietnam will be very vulnerable,” said Alexander Vuving, a Vietnam political analyst at the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies in Hawaii. The U.S. will investigate countries running the biggest bilateral trade deficits to assess the extent they’re caused by “cheating or inappropriate behavior,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said. That tone is triggering alarm in Hanoi. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc told his cabinet that U.S. protectionist policies could hurt the economy and lead to a slowdown in exports and foreign investment. Samsung, Intel The rhetoric comes at an inopportune time for a nation where foreign technology titans Samsung Electronics Co., Intel Corp. and LG Display Co. have set up shop. Companies relocated factories to Vietnam from China in recent years because of the latter’s rising costs and shrinking labor force. Since introducing market-oriented “doi moi” changes in the 1980s, Vietnam has increasingly tethered itself to global trade, helping transform an agrarian economy into a manufacturing hub of everything from shoes to smartphones. Exports surged to a record $177 billion last year, with U.S. customers accounting for about $42 billion of that -- more than double compared to five years ago. Mobile phones and parts make up the biggest segment at about 27 percent. The most-recent GDP figures show how trade-dependent Vietnam has become. Samsung’s decision to scrap production of the fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 smartphone last year spurred an 11 percent decline in shipments of phones and parts during the first quarter, the national statistics office said. That played a role in curbing growth of gross domestic product to just 5.1 percent from a year earlier, compared with the 6.25 percent median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg. Phuc called the slower rate “very worrisome” and asked ministries to find “suitable solutions,” according to an April 3 posting on the government’s website. The government is targeting 6.7 percent growth this year. Just the threat of American trade barriers is denting exports for some homegrown manufacturers. Thanh Hoa-based Delta Sport Joint-Stock Co. saw a 20 percent drop in U.S. orders for its sportswear during the first quarter, Chief Executive Officer Nguyen Trong Thau said. Wal-Mart, Mizuno Last year, shipments to the U.S. represented about 40 percent of its exports, or the equivalent of $30 million in revenue. Customers include Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Mizuno Corp., according to its website. “Some of our American retailer clients are concerned about some uncertainty in the policies of the new administration,” Thau said. “We’re a bit worried about the outlook of our exports to the U.S.” The Trans-Pacific Partnership would have benefited Vietnam by reducing or, in some cases, eliminating U.S. import tariffs. Without U.S. participation, Vietnam is pivoting toward Plan B. Government officials vowed to push through structural changes to the economy required under the deal, including reforming state-owned enterprises and strengthening enforcement of intellectual-property protections. They’re also pushing sectors such as agriculture and manufacturing to improve efficiency and product quality. The science and technology ministry recently organized a business trip to the U.S. for Vietnamese companies to meet prospective clients, and the government is helping market their goods. Bilateral Deals “In the current environment, it’s crucial for us to improve our competitiveness,” said Tran Viet Thanh, the deputy minister of science and technologies. Hanoi may explore ways to keep TPP alive even without U.S. participation, said Michael Michalak, regional managing director of the U.S.-Asean Business Council and former U.S. ambassador to Vietnam. One alternative would be bilateral or small-group deals with neighbors or Latin American countries on the basis of the earlier negotiations, he said. “I don’t think they want to see those six years go to waste,” he said. “There are opportunities there to build on.” That’s what furniture supplier Phu Tai is trying to do. It’s spending about 140 billion dong ($6.2 million) to build a factory in coastal Binh Dinh province to boost capacity and cut out the middlemen it uses for Wal-Mart, Hoe said. “That will help us save a lot more in costs,” he said. “We must be more competitive to cope with what protectionism may bring about.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Two of Wall Street's Biggest Names Are Sounding the Alarm on the U.S. Economy ICE Agents Go From Friend to Foe Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Cohn Backs Wall Street Split of Lending, Investment Banks Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Exclusive: Jil Sander Confirms Luke, Lucie Meier as Creative Directors Adidas Teams With Silicon Valley-Based Carbon to Unveil Futurecraft 4-D Footwear 3.1 Phillip Lim to Open Downtown Los Angeles Arts District Concept Store Karl Lagerfeld Collaborates With Vilebrequin on Swimwear Capsule Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Digital Download: ContentExchange, the Photo Agency for Influencers Amazon, Wal-Mart and Apple Top List of Biggest E-commerce Retailers What Joshua Schulman Leaves Behind at Bergdorf's Preparing for a Coach Empire Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Lalique Unveils 2018 Séduction Perfume Bottle Reflekt Skincare Readies E-Commerce Launch ModiFace Launches Beauty Augmented Live-Stream Technology Former QVC Beauty Authority Tunes Into Social Selling With Willing Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Saint Laurie Changes Name to Kozinn + Sons Jack Spade Expands Collaborations for 20th Anniversary Ermenegildo Zegna Profitability, Sales Dented in 2016; CEO Sees Growth in 2017 The Tie Bar Dives Into Apparel Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Acuod by Chanu RTW Fall 2017 J Brand Fall RTW 2017 St. John RTW Fall 2017 A.L.C. RTW Fall 2017 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Louis Vuitton Leather Workers Stage Rare Strike Fine Jewelry Retailer Plukka Charts New Course Under CEO Natalia Obolensky Roger Vivier Taps Stylish Asian Set For Photocall Exhibition Amélie Pichard Receives Cash Injection Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Rick Owens Launches Furniture Book MTV Unveils New 2017 Movie Awards Categories and Full List of Nominees Chanel Iman Dishes on Her Favorite Coachella Fashions at Teva Event Talking Social Responsibility at Document Journal's Fifth Anniversary Party Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Execs Tackle Women's Equality in Tech and the C-Suite clock 9h • Alexandra Steigrad Fashion Hood by Air Will Go on Hiatus clock 10h • Aria Hughes Business The Truth About Facebook Ads clock 13h • Elizabeth Doupnik Business Marketing and Promotion Macy’s, Wal-Mart Grab Lead in ABX Ad Effectiveness Measure for March The top retailers ran 464 new ads in March, which was on par with February. By Arthur Zaczkiewicz on April 6, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Macy's Lennihan/AP/REX/Shutterstock Macy’s Inc., Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Sam’s Club took the top positions in the ABX advertising effectiveness report for March. Major retailers ran 464 ads during the month, which was on par with February. The ABX Advertising Benchmark Index measures effectiveness using 15 variables, and a consumer panel. A score of 100 is equal to average effectiveness, and the ABX Index reading measures the overall effectiveness of a television, digital, print, radio and billboard ad. For March, Wal-Mart’s “Free, 2-Day Shipping. No Membership Fee” television spot was number one — driven by a “reputation” score of 190 and an “action” reading of 161. The ABX Index came in at 131 as a result. Researchers at the firm said the 15-second spot is part of the retailer’s “Best Things in Life Are Free” campaign, which took first place last month with a longer version. “Images of family life accompany the great jazz song, ‘The Best Things in Life Are Free,’ with text and no spoken audio,” ABX researchers said in their report. “While Awareness (brand linkage) is still lower than expected with the other high scores, the Message (plus-29 percent over norm) got through and impacted Reputation (plus-90 percent) and Action (plus-61 percent). While all [call to actions] were successful, the strongest was Intent to go to the Web for more information at 117 percent over norm. It is a coup on Wal-mart’s part to generate such high scores with a [15-second] version as compared with longer versions.” See Wal-Mart’s television spot here. For radio, Sam’s Club’s feed America campaign was number one. The spot introduced the warehouse club‘s “Meals for Members” program — which donates 12 meals to feed America food banks for any purchase (of an approved promotional product). It garnered an ABX Index score of 122. “This spot features a steady narrative without the usual frenetic tone of radio announcers, and has a pleasant music track beneath,” ABX noted. “The offer is clear and resulted in a huge plus-100 percent over norm Reputation score and good Action scores for Talking about (73 percent) or go to the web (plus-23 percent) for more information.” For digital, Macy’s one-day sale ad grabbed the top spot with an ABX Index score of 124. It’s “reputation” and “action” scores were 135 and 136, respectively. It also performed well with the gender equality metric. “The strength of this ad was its cast of tiny boys and girls,” ABX said adding that the spot’s ABX Gender Equality Index score was 114 for “female” and 110 for “girls.” The firm said all of the top retailers had high gender equality index scores. “The Gender Index is part of the ANA #SeeHer call to portray girls and women respectfully in all media,” ABX said. For print, Kroger was number one with its $2.77 with Card” campaign. Kroger also nailed the top position with free-standing inserts. Albertson’s scored the highest in the out of home, or billboards category. More on Business News from WWD: Think Tank: Why Brick-and-Mortar Retailers Aren’t Going Away Consumer Survey Reveals Generational Differences With Markdown Expectations Survey Shows Preference for Mobile Shopping, Impact of Push Notifications You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. Macy's retail sales and marketing Wal-Mart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Execs Tackle Women’s Equality in Advertising, Tech and the C-Suite clock 9h • Alexandra Steigrad Latest Galleries New Museum’s Annual Spring Gala 2017 A.L.C. RTW Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Milan Design Week 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd Pastels are in for fall 2017. Click link in bio to see the 14 prettiest accessories of the season. #wwdfashion (📷: @joshuascottphoto; Styled by @mayteallende) @wwd At first blush: Backstage at @ninaricci. (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd Staying warm in style. #theyarewearing (📷: @shootingthestyle) @wwd Fernando Garcia and Laura Kim of Monse and Oscar de la Renta, were nominated for the Swarovski Award for Emerging Talent at the CFDA Nominees and Honorees event. See all the nominee news in our Insta Stories. @wwd Little black bags are always in style. #theyarewearing (📷: @shootingthestyle) More From Our Brands Footwear News Melania Trump Shortened Her $5,500 Red Dress and Flaunted Towering Pumps to Host China’s First Lady 2h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Retail 20/20: London – The New Store Experience 4 months Ago Variety Film Review: ‘The Case for Christ’ 4h Ago BGR Security researcher unearths serious iOS and Android Wi-Fi exploit 7m Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD Subscriptions twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 50° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low 44F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 6, 2017 @ 10:35 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Letter to the editor: Walmart will provide extensive services to our community By CHERRILL GRAGG Apr 6, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago With great respect for Mr. Haughness and the wonderful contributions he has made to the greater Tehachapi community, please note that the reading references he made in his letter were all published between 1998 and 2006. Looking at the circumstances in Kirksville, Mo., today, Walmart is thriving and providing extensive services to a community which is economically in need of their services. The state of our whole nation is shifting so rapidly. Change is being thrust upon us whether we like it or not. It's sad that so many businesses were allowed to be built on the Tucker Road/ Highway 202 egress through Tehachapi. The traffic is out of control. Hopefully Walmart will force more control efforts on this too-busy street. If this matter of Walmart were to go before the City of Tehachapi voters, sadly Mr. Haughness would not be able to vote on the matter since he does not live in the city. Hopefully the residents of Tehachapi will continue to insist that all of the growth in our Tehachapi community is healthy and safe. We have so many wonderful people in our community preforming good deeds to create a wholesome lifestyle. We all want the best for Tehachapi, and will continue working to make to happen. Cherrill Gragg, Tehachapi More information Letter to the editor: The impending Walmart invasion is of great concern A few Tehachapi residents have written to the Tehachapi News expressing a welcoming attitude toward the imminent threat of Walmart invading ou… This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Woman accused of threatening witness in alleged Tehachapi love triangle murder takes plea deal PHOTO GALLERY: Anglers take the bait at Fishing Derby PHOTO GALLERY: Shepherd of the Hills congregation dedicates 'magnificent new church' Gayle Lee Letter to the editor: Happenings at the school district leave me dismayed Donald Zanghi Canine Creek to host grand reopening as fundraiser Tehachapi EMT to be honored at state Capitol Warriors bounce back vs. West on Riley two-hitter County supervisors looking for better pot shop enforcement Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
FRI, APR 07, 2017 | 2 °C Light rain Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago Golfing with Trump? Better leave your ego at the clubhouse Leave your ego in the clubhouse if you ever get the chance to golf with... Latest News SEE MORE Syria’s Assad faces mounting pressure after chemical attack 18,000 litres of diesel fuel stolen in Norfolk Oosterhoff’s anti-turbines motion voted down Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 10 hours ago Taser changing its name, will focus on body cameras Taser International, the company behind ubiquitous shock devices carried by... Latest Business News SEE MORE Celebrating Burlington's businesses Facebook launches resource to help spot misleading news Toy for toddlers doubles as code bootcamp LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Lucic's hat trick leads Oilers past Sharks 4-2 Lucic's hat trick leads Oilers past Sharks 4-2 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Flames flatten Kings 4-1 as Gillies wins in first start Vrbata scores 2 to lead Coyotes past Canucks Harvey looks like ace of old; Mets top Braves 6-2 Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 1 hour ago Mel B's estranged husband wants spousal support Mel B's estranged husband Stephen Belafonte has requested she pay him... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Shia LeBeouf thrown out of bowling alley over meltdown New on DVD: Force is strong with new DVD releases for April 4 Two Goblets: Different location, same fine food Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines Apr 04, 2017 The Spectator’s View: Council must support poverty investment You can say many things about Hamilton city council, some not... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 12 hours ago New Stoney Creek park still in search of a name, presence Almost a year and a half after an official unveiling, upper Stoney Creek’s... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Tell us why you love Canada in short video, $1,000 travel voucher up for grabs Signpost Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 2 hours ago Bridal gowns made more casual for comfort Say so long to the poof. Latest Living Stories SEE MORE How to highlight, now Drew Edwards: The toilet is quiet again and I’m flushed with pride Lori Borgman: Fans scramble to the ‘grand’ attraction Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 40% off Dinner and a Concert discount: 39% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $31.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Has your disability claim been denied? Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood Up to 40% off Dinner and a Concert discount: 39% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $31.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Realize your dream cake with Sweetness Bakery –Ancaster’s first choice for nut-free treats Home News Business How hipster brands have the king of razors on the... | 11 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 How hipster brands have the king of razors on the run Gillette Associated Press file photo Gillette shavers are displayed at Walmart store in Little Rock, Ark. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Thomas Heath   The razor business is all about the blades. Get consumers hooked on your razor, and they buy the highly profitable refill blades forever. That seemingly indestructible, high-margin revenue stream is what made Warren Buffett once fall in love with Gillette, which dominates the global razor business with an estimated 50 per cent market share. Buffett became one of its largest shareholders and added to his humongous fortune when the razor king was sold to Procter and Gamble for $57 billion in 2005. But Gillette's dominance is now at risk, with lower-priced, private-label upstarts like Dollar Shave Club and Harry's eroding market share that Gillette built over more than a century. Last week, Gillette began across-the-board price cuts averaging 12 per cent in an attempt to halt the inexorable surrender of its men's razor business to the newcomers. The Boston-based company, now a division of P&G, has seen its market share drop from 70 per cent in 2010 to 54 per cent in 2016. Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman said Gillette's moves are too late. "We are not assuming that there's any material change in the long-term trajectory of the Gillette business as a result of these cuts," Lieberman said. "There is something about Dollar Shave and Harry's ... we are in a consumer environment where people like feeling they are making a differentiated personalized choice. Small and niche is in vogue." Gillette said its price offensive is hitting every part of its portfolio "as we speak." "We want to be available at all price points that men are looking for and give them the best shaving experience in that category, regardless of what they want to spend," Gillette spokesperson Barbara Diecker said. Diecker said refill blades for the Gillette Fusion, for example, will drop from $4.99 to $3.74 per blade, a savings of around 25 per cent. The company is also recharging its longtime "18th Birthday Program" initiative, with a goal of putting a Gillette razor handle and cartridge blade against the cheek of every American male turning 18. Parent P&G has a strong relationship with Amazon.com, which also helps the company's online sales, according to industry observers. "We are fully aware of the challenges we are facing as a North American business," Diecker said. For decades, Gillette was focused on a trade-up model similar to how General Motors encouraged its customers to start with Chevrolet and eventually buy up to Cadillac. Gillette prided itself on every seven years or so inventing new — and pricier — razors that would offer an even better shave. "Gillette was the only game out there for high-quality shave," Lieberman said. "The idea was if you were a (Gillette) Sensor user, when they launched Mach3, to get Sensors to trade up to Mach3. Then trade up from Mach3 to Fusion, an even better shave." That business model was always in place." Rival Schick disrupted Gillette's cycle several years back with its own innovations such as the Quattro. Then along came the Dollar Shave Club, Harry's and even smaller players such as 800razors.com. "This is not a new issue," Lieberman said. She said Gillette realized they needed to emphasize lower price products, but they waited too long to launch them. "If I go back to 2012, they were already losing share and it was before the advent of the Dollar Shave Club."         The Washington Post | Latest News City Hall Hamilton's LRT critics making headway in Mississauga Snapshot Education York Region teacher's licence revoked after having sex with a student Snapshot Local Stingy spending, cuts leading to average tax hike of 2.1 per cent in Hamilton Snapshot Local Blown away by Augusta Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment VIDEO: Goat Yoga Local CityLife: On location on Ottawa ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Junos red carpet Local Video: Popsicle stick bridge challenge The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton couple in $6 million cocaine case described as ‘loyal and trustful' Father of Ancaster alleged ‘hacker for hire' vows to keep his son out of trouble Stingy spending, cuts leading to average tax hike of 2.1 per cent in Hamilton Girl found living with monkeys in Indian forest Principal resigns after high school students investigate her credentials In Your Neighbourhood Today Cool your engine with proper system maintenance Putney's Brake & Alignment Service in Hamilton knows how heated drivers can get when their cooling... Sharp Monuments has the urn to suit your needs Hamilton's Sharp Monuments understands that remembering those who were close to you is an important... Now playing: New Burlington’s Paradigm East Building on the success of Paradigm Condominiums’ virtually sold out West and Centre Towers, the... Plumbing expertise: A look into what’s required to meet all industry needs Binbrook Plumbing & Heating in Binbrook, Ontario, sometimes finds customers don’t always have a... Award-winning salon delivers trendy hairstyles and exceptional community service Albert Snow Hair Design Group in Hamilton is an award-winning salon that will help you achieve the... Reptiles may be cold-blooded, but they can still warm your heart The popularity of pet reptiles is on the rise, and the team at Big Al’s Pet Supercentres in... A & A Exhaust Systems has your vehicle’s hard-to-find exhaust parts Your car’s exhaust is one of the most important parts of your vehicle, and that’s why Hamilton... Fine dining in style doesn't have to be expensive Fine dining doesn't have to be cost prohibitive, which happens to be a mission of Aberfoyle Mill... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Sterling Honda is Hamilton’s first choice for new or previously owned Honda vehicles Sterling Honda, located at 1495 Upper James Street, is proud to be the Greater Hamilton Area’s... Plants of steel with TERRA featuring Carson Arthur Every time I travel south for the winter, I fall in love with all of the amazing plants that grow... Institutional plumbing: Industrial demands with people in mind Institutional plumbing has some of the heaviest demands in the industry placed on it, but Binbrook... Reverse osmosis: Water with taste and purity Reverse osmosis water — available at Soul Water Plus in Hamilton — is quickly earning a reputation... Simplify your life with Jans Awnings If you’re one of the many people who aims to simplify their life in 2017, you can start with remote... Maintaining family values is a priority at Hamilton Auto & Cooling Paul Jeffery, owner of Hamilton Auto & Cooling on Upper Wellington Street in Hamilton, knows the... Who can heal your dishwasher? The Appliance Doctor can Before you junk your broken dishwasher, talk to the experts at The Appliance Doctor in Hamilton to... Benefits you may be entitled to in the event of an accident Even if you don’t have an income, you may still be entitled to benefits or compensation if you are... Brake maintenance: The key to safe stopping Putney's Brake & Alignment Service in Hamilton is a leading provider of quality diagnostic services... Legal Matters: Multi-generational living Question: My son and his wife have asked me to move in with them. Should I speak to my lawyer... The top 5 reasons to get adjusted by a chiropractor Dr. Barbara Sloat’s Ancaster Cold Laser & Chiropractic Clinic in Ancaster, Ontario, is a leader... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 65% off Ground Turkey $25 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal Up to 53% off Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 35% off a 4-Course Dinner $49 View Deal 65% off Ground Chicken $25 View Deal 44% off Bacon-Wrapped Sirloin Steaks $75 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Celebrating Burlington's businesses Sign of the times? Solar panels power Kentucky Coal Museum Postmedia CEO warns of more cost-cutting to come TSX lifted by energy and bank stocks Royal Bank CEO 'concerned' about house prices PreviousNext CIBC, RBC on defensive over sales tactics Royal Bank CEO ‘increasingly concerned’ about Toronto, Vancouver housing markets TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Search Contact Us Home News Artists Songs Videos Top 10 Store Festivals RISERS Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSSTip Us Trending: ACMs Worst Dressed ACMs Best Dressed Miranda Lambert’s ‘Tin Man’ Thomas Rhett’s Big Night RISERS Original Songs Kelleigh Bannen’s ‘This Nashville Life’ Guest Shows How Diligence Pays Off By Kelleigh Bannen April 6, 2017 2:30 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL EMAIL REDDIT Courtesy of Kelleigh Bannen Every other week, Kelleigh Bannen will provide behind-the-scenes analysis, stories and insight into Music City’s No. 1 export, with help from some of Nashville’s top songwriters, artists, executives and producers. Taste of Country will debut each new episode of her This Nashville Life podcast, and Bannen herself will introduce it as a guest writer. Thoughts and opinions expressed by Bannen are hers alone and do not reflect the opinions of Taste of Country, unless she’s talking about #TomatoGate, in which case, yeah … she’s spot on. Today we’re visiting with second generation session musician and ACM Guitar Player of the Year Derek Wells. He didn’t even pick up a guitar until late in high school, but once his interest in guitar playing really ignited, he applied himself in a really diligent way. While he was still waiting tables and hustling to get work as a musician, Derek went to Walmart once a week and bought two CDs. Every week. He’d buy one country record and one non-country record. Then he’d go home and chart those albums front to back and learn to play them. It left me thinking about how at a certain point in your musical education, you have to teach yourself in order to go to the next level. And that makes me wanna ask you (and myself): what’s your “Weekly Walmart trip”? What structure are you putting on yourself to get better at whatever it is that you’re passionate about? Because in my experience we don’t just get better accidentally — we get better because we take certain intentional steps. Derek spent five years on the road playing for Josh Turner, and then eventually decided he wanted to make the move to being a full-time session musician. You’ll notice a diligence every step of the way as Derek talks about his different career moves. He’s actively taking steps to ready himself for whatever his next goal is. He’s systematic. This is kind of an unusual characteristic for a musician, but I think you’ll see how it uniquely sets Derek up find work, and keep it, and ultimately to be one of the most sought-after session guys in town. He’ll also treat you to the best Dolly Parton impersonator story you’ve ever heard, and he’ll tell us the last time he was nervous performing on national TV (and why everyone wore long sleeves on the David Letterman Show.) His answer to “What does it mean to live This Nashville Life?” “This Nashville Life is the community, for better or worse. It’s the connectedness of everyone. It’s that everyone is a few degrees of everyone else.” I think you’ll find some practical take-aways and “real talk” about what it takes to have consistent work as a musician in this town, as well as some real insight into the spirit of living and working in Nashville. Come with us as we try to figure out what it means to live This Nashville life by listening to our interview with Derek Wells. Listen to This Nashville Life Season 2, Ep. 5 About Kelleigh Bannen: Kelleigh Bannen’s This Nashville Life Podcast offers an authentic, vibrant look at the journey of someone trying to “make it” in country music. Bannen is admittedly still learning what that means. After a short career as an independent artist, the “Famous” singer signed a major label record deal and recorded two-and-a-half albums that were never released. She’s honest, but not bitter about the obstacles female artists face in country music, but her blog and podcast go much deeper. Next: This Nashville Life Live from SXSW Filed Under: Kelleigh Bannen Category: Country Music News | Exclusives SHARE TWEET EMAIL More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of Taste of Country Who Is Already in the Country Music Hall of Fame? Proof Alan Jackson Has Always Kept It Country: See Rare Career-Spanning Pictures Behind-the-Scenes Moments You Didn’t See Watching the 2017 ACM Awards [Pictures] Matching Tim McGraw + Faith Hill Are ‘That’ Couple at 2017 ACM Awards Leave a Comment RISERS Live 7 Original Performances Best from the ACM Red Carpet Latest News Featured Top 5 Moments From the 2017 ACM Awards April 3, 2017 10:05 AM Maren Morris Closes ‘Hero’ Tour With Swagger April 6, 2017 7:05 PM Brett Eldredge Celebrates Sixth Consecutive No. 1, ‘Wanna Be That Song’ April 6, 2017 7:00 PM RaeLynn Celebrates With Burger and Shake After ‘Wildhorse’ Tops Billboard Chart April 6, 2017 6:00 PM Ben Haggard Giving Free Show With the Strangers After Merle Haggard Tribute April 6, 2017 5:00 PM Carrie Underwood, Mike Fisher Leaving Second Child Up to ‘God’s Good Timing’ April 6, 2017 4:15 PM Willie Nelson Records Heartfelt Merle Haggard Tribute, ‘He Won’t Ever Be Gone’ April 6, 2017 4:01 PM ToC Critic’s Pick: Miranda Lambert, ‘Tin Man’ [Listen] April 6, 2017 3:15 PM George Strait Once Helped Mend a Fight Between Miranda Lambert and Her Dad April 6, 2017 3:00 PM Country's Best Couples Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! LOL! Best Brad & Carrie Moments Photo Galleries Who Is Already in the Country Music Hall of Fame? April 5, 2017 12:50 PM Proof Alan Jackson Has Always Kept It Country: See Rare Career-Spanning Pictures April 5, 2017 12:45 PM Behind-the-Scenes Moments You Didn’t See Watching the 2017 ACM Awards [Pictures] April 4, 2017 11:00 AM Matching Tim McGraw + Faith Hill Are ‘That’ Couple at 2017 ACM Awards April 3, 2017 6:40 PM Miranda Lambert, Anderson East Hit ACM Awards Red Carpet in Black and White April 3, 2017 4:52 PM Taste Of Country Network Contact Us Privacy Advertise Mobile App Welcome back to Taste of Country It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to Taste of Country It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://tasteofcountry.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Taste of Country (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Taste of Country brought to you by: Sign up for Taste of Country Register Now Sign up for Taste of Country quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Taste of Country brought to you by: Taste of Country Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Movie Awards Season Pulse Shooting 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Cox Conserves Science Center Weather Experience Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ More Man accused of fatally shooting Walmart diaper thief to face judge Updated: Apr 6, 2017 - 9:42 AM Twtter ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - A 51-year-old man arrested Wednesday in connection with the Feb. 4 shooting death of a teen shoplifter at an Orange County Walmart is set to face a judge Thursday, deputies said. Investigators with the Orange County Sheriff's Office recommended Lonnie Leonard be charged in connection with the death in late March. Related Headlines Stealing diapers not a reason to kill, says mother of shoplifter slain… Reward offered for information on 3rd suspect in Walmart theft that led… Orange County deputies recommend criminal charges for man they said shot… Arthur Adams, 19, was one of the people suspected of stealing diapers at the Walmart on Clarcona-Ocoee Road. Adams was confronted by a loss-prevention employee from Walmart when deputies said a shopper stepped in and some sort of argument took place, and Adams was shot, deputies said. The shooter, later identified as Leonard, allegedly told deputies he thought Adams was reaching for a weapon. Adams was found at a nearby Citgo gas station, where he was taken to the hospital and declared dead, deputies said. Leonard was charged with manslaughter, aggravated battery with a firearm and carrying a concealed firearm. Lonnie Richard Leonard (Photo: Orange County Sheriff's Office) © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Man accused of fatally shooting Walmart diaper thief to face judge US fires more than 50 cruise missiles into Syria Service dog in training missing after running from owner at OIA Man hospitalized for burns after allegedly setting house on fire in… Wife of Pulse gunman extradited to Florida, attorney says News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: How Target and Dr Pepper Snapple Plan to Head Off the Challenges in Their Industries We look at recent quotes from the management teams at each company to determine whether their hopeful plans for the future should be accepted at face value by investors. Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Apr 6, 2017 at 12:00PM In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Vincent Shen is joined by senior Fool.com contributor Asit Sharma as they dive into the latest earnings calls from Target (NYSE:TGT) and Dr Pepper Snapple (NYSE:DPS) to determine how investors should interpret some of the key comments from management regarding the future of their companies. The team also discusses some of the context behind the Panera Bread (NASDAQ:PNRA) acquisition rumors as they correctly singled out JAB Holdings as the likely buyer. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 4, 2017. Vincent Shen: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. I'm your host, Vincent Shen, and it's Tuesday, April 4th. Joining me via Skype is Asit Sharma. Great to have you with us, Asit! Asit Sharma: Thanks for having me! Great to be back. Shen: Fools, we have a two-part show for you this fine day. We'll be looking at some quotes from the management teams at Target and Dr Pepper Snapple, a sniff test for investors and shareholders. But before we get to that, Asit, I really wanted to cover some of the news that broke yesterday. Bloomberg broke this story right around lunch time, the idea that Panera Bread may soon be a buyout candidate. If you look at the intraday trading from Monday, you can see the stock soar immediately following the Bloomberg report. Shares ultimately gained 8% in the day, and reached a new all-time closing high of about $283. As it turns out, that comes on top of the all-time high hit last Friday, just a few days ago, by which point the shares were already up 28% for the first quarter of 2017. Can you give us a lay of that land, and who some of the potential suitors may be that might pursue Panera Bread? Sharma: Sure. Basically, Panera Bread is more of a slow-growth company in the recent past, but it's a very predictable cash cow. It's a bakery restaurant concept, as most of our listeners know, and has been overshadowed in recent years by the success of Chipotle, which has had its own stumbles. It has almost been seen as an also-ran, yet it's a very intriguing business. Panera Bread, last year, did about $2 billion in sales. They have operating cash flow predictably between $300 to $400 million each year. So, the question is, who would want to buy this company? Bloomberg reports that there's a putative deal value of $7 to $8 billion. That narrows the realm of suitors. The most likely one is JAB Holdings, which is a conglomerate in consumer goods. It's based in Luxembourg. They're well-known for some recent acquisitions, including Peet's Coffee, the Douwe Egberts brand, which is partly the old Mondelez coffee portfolio and D.E. Master Blenders, if any of our listeners remember those names. They've also acquired the Keurig Green Mountain business. For those of you who are coffee aficionados, they bought Stumptown, high-end roaster, and Intelligentsia Coffee. So, JAB Holdings is probably the most likely suitor, but Dunkin' Brands has also been mentioned as having possible interest in this company. I think Dunkin' Brands is not as likely, but we'll get to that in a moment. But, this is the basic story that cropped up yesterday. Maybe we can talk a little bit about why a holding company like JAB would be interested in Panera Bread. I'll flip it back to you for your thoughts, Vince, then I have a couple of thoughts, as well, on why JAB might find this company attractive. Shen: Sure thing, thank you, Asit. It's interesting to note that in addition to the names that you mentioned, and because at this point there are no official comments from any of these companies yet, some of these other names that have been floated out there if you read some of the coverage for this story, Starbucks has been mentioned, even Domino's Pizza has been mentioned, which I thought was interesting, McDonald's and Yum! Brands as well. Overall, as Asit mentioned with the business here, Panera, 2,000 locations across the U.S. and Canada. About 45% of them are company operated. The way their segments for their business break down, they have their company-operated stores, and then 55% of them are franchise operations, so they collect the royalties and fees there, and then they also have a small part of a piece of their business being fresh dough and other product sales to those franchisees that they supply. The company-owned stores, not surprisingly, make up the largest share of revenue at about 87%. In terms of the performance that the company has seen and outlook, for shareholders of Panera, and the potential suitors, as you view this deal, the fact is, revenue growth has slowed pretty significantly from high-teen percentage levels just a few years ago to about mid-single digit levels the past three years. Something that has been a pretty significant concern is the fact that while the top line has continued to grow at those mid single-digit levels, net income has declined each of the past three years, and they've been really going through share buybacks, reducing their shares outstanding almost 30% since 2012, to juice their earnings per share growth. The way I see it, ultimately, you have a company here that's still out performing in an industry where chain restaurants have been struggling quite a bit.  I guess, when it comes down to it, $6.42 billion market cap, you mentioned a potential deal size around $7 to $8 billion. Right now, where Panera trades, price to sales of 2.3 times, forward price to earnings of 36.7 times. Where the stock is trading now, it's definitely not going to be exactly a bargain deal for whoever ends up picking it up. Sharma: Correct. And one of the interesting things about Panera is that, depending on what kind of buyer you are, it changes its complexion as an acquisition target. Let's go back and look at the basic concepts in acquisition finance. The strategic buyer versus the financial buyer. Panera Bread is a great target for a financial buyer, maybe not so great a target for a strategic buyer. A strategic buyer wants to combine its own assets for a strategic reason with a target, and then blow up both of the businesses combined. So, there's a strategic reason to take hold and increase revenues, because of some strength that the target has. Financial buyers are actually looking for a company that is more predictable, where it can make a few tweaks, or perhaps even something more than a tweak, increase that EBITDA, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, and reap those rewards year after year. JAB Holdings is basically a financial buyer. If you look at the companies that Vince and I mentioned, they're all very strong, stable businesses. Many of them are leaders in their niche. JAB Holdings hasn't come in and drastically changed those businesses. It has an enormous balance sheet, so this is a company it can acquire and add to that stable cash cow businesses, if I could mix a metaphor between the stable and the cash cow. If you look at companies like McDonald's, which has been mentioned, Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts, none of these is a true strategic fit with Panera Bread. Panera is a different kind of company. It's fast-casual, part restaurant, part bakery. It has a little bit of the coffee focus, as Vince mentioned, but it's a hard company to grow at a fast rate. It's just has reached a stage of maturity where that will prove more difficult to whoever operates it. If your objective is to get a nice return, then you're probably looking at JAB as a potential buyer. Now, I could be totally wrong. But that's why we like to play the game. My money is on JAB Holdings. I think if this deal goes through, it would be very good for this privately held business. Shen: Sure. That's a really good description of the two different kinds of buyers that might be going into this. The last thing I want to touch on before we move on, something that speaks to the outlook of the company being more stable with those 2,000-plus locations at this point through the U.S. and Canada, something that's really interesting that the company has done really well is with their digital penetration, which is about 25% in the company-owned stores. Also, their loyalty program, which we've talked about on the show before, 25 million numbers, I think these members account for something like half of transactions that the restaurant sees, and something else that might be a bit of a growth driver for the company going forward is their delivery footprint, which is now available at 15% of locations. We've seen with companies like Domino's, for example, mentioned as a suitor, how powerful that could be as part of their business. The Panera 2.0 initiatives that were rolled out recently, basically, a lot of operating and technological enhancements to some of these stores, and efficiencies there, and something that I noticed in the Panera Bread across the street, a lot of kiosks or tablet ordering, those have been rolled out to about 70% of the company-owned restaurants. These ongoing strategic investments, I think, have contributed a bit to the weaker operating margins for the company. Then, you have rising labor costs as well. So, that's some of the headwinds that are faced, but at the same time, the company is forward-thinking with the investments they make.  That's going to be tied, a little bit, to the next company we talk about, which is Target. The idea here overall is that 2016 was just not a good year for the company. Their sales decreased about 6%. Going forward, they are expecting declining comps. If you look at the earnings call, the transcript from the management team, you'll see that the various executives who speak, including the CEO, spent far less time talking about the specific numbers for the year than you would usually expect, a lot more time talking about how they're going to be seeing a lot of weakness, a lot of pressure on their margins, and on their operating numbers, but how this is, long-term, a forward-thinking look because they need to invest in the seismic change they talk about in the retail environment. With these next two companies we talk about, we want to do a bit of a sniff test, or, Asit, the way you put it was "fact or fluff." Can you set us up in terms of the quote you wanted to look at, and also the main question that we're looking at for the listeners and investors? Sharma: For Target, you look at fact or fluff, they are in a tight business situation, almost every brick-and-mortar retailer has felt the impact of Amazon.com over the last year. Vince, when you and I had our year-end special, we talked about this at the very end of the show when we were looking at our predictive trends for 2016. We talked about the pressure that Amazon was going to put on companies like Kohl's and Target, and all of their siblings. This has come to pass. This conference call that you mentioned, where Target had owned up to that 6% decline in sales, was a really interesting call, as you mentioned, because management essentially said, "Hey, we're going to change our financial model, we're going to adjust to the future by taking a hit on our earnings. We're going to invest in our supply chain to move items quicker to our stores. We'll engage in a little delivery of furniture. We will introduce more private brands." I know when you and I were talking before the show, there is a private brand called Cat & Jack, which grew to be a $1 billion brand almost overnight within a year. If you think about $1 billion, it sounds like a lot of money, but Target's sales last year were $69.5 billion. It's going to need a lot of this type of onion springs sprouting out of the ground to make an impact on their profit and loss statement.  To give you the fluff or fact quote, this is from their CFO Cathy Smith, she said on the call on the EBIT line, so, earnings before interest and taxes, on the earnings line, "This year, we are planning to generate about $1 billion less than last year. This reduction reflects investments in enhanced store service, the continued shift into digital, support to develop, launch and market new exclusive brands, gross margin investment to ensure we are competitively priced, and additional investments in existing stores." So, this idea of fact or fluff, I'm going to take the first stab at this and I'm going to say this is fluff. Here's my reason. One of the things that was repeated on that call was that Target is going to take gross margin investment. What that means is, the company is going to start competitively pricing so it doesn't lose more businesses. To me, that's always a little bit of a dangerous signal. I do acknowledge all these other initiatives that we've mentioned, including more penetration into digital channels. I think last year, Target sold about 14% more digital goods than it had in the prior two years. However, a short term what we call taking of price, where you lower your prices to compete, that short-term gambit by the company often becomes a long-term expectation on the part of the customer. This is my concern with Target. It doesn't solve their fundamental problem of, how do you compete with the likes of Amazon.com? What do you think, Vince? Fact or fluff? Shen: I'm torn. I agree that ultimately, with the results that were presented, and the way the stock traded afterwards, a big decline -- the stock, I will add, is down something like 30% so far in 2017. That might be slightly off, but they're definitely struggling, and they're definitely looking for ways to reinvigorate their business. Investors in this company have been on a roller coaster ride the past few years. You think about, I think it was 2014 when they exited their Canadian business and took a huge loss on that, 2015 things seemed to have stabilized, and now in 2016, 6% decline in sales. Now the outlook is for ongoing declines in their comparable sales. So, that volatility, that shift ... I can commend management, to an extent, for the fact that they're trying to take this longer-term outlook, they make these longer-term investments in their business and try to tell these Wall Street analysts on the call, "Listen, we need a little bit of time for these investments and these initiatives to pay off, to see that return on investment." But all in all, I think, with a more critical eye, I will have to agree with you, more fluff. But, presenting a more bullish view of this, or, a more positive view of this. They address certain things that resonated with me personally. Here's another quote from that call, they said, "Put a guest in the store, they are looking for inspiration, they enjoy discovery, they enjoy shopping. But very often a visit to Target.com, it's far more transactional. One item at a time, logon, check out, as fast as possible, friction free." I think that reflects a lot of the challenges that these brick-and-mortar operations face, which is declining customer traffic. That's affected the other industry we've talked about today, which is restaurants, especially with chain restaurants. You see less traffic at malls and shopping centers, and that has hurt a lot of the restaurants that are located near them, as well. But ultimately, the expression "friction free" speaks to a lot of people, younger consumers especially, who want to be efficient with their time, and technology overall has generally made shopping this very informed, competitive process, where you can price check, you can compare, at any time and place, and then press a button for very fast, often free delivery to your doorstep. Ultimately, the company is trying to think about what is going to get their shoppers out the door and into stores. They mentioned the importance of things like experiences, and how that can be addressed in two ways. You can either have a really wide breadth of offerings, like a Costco model, or the fact that Wal-Mart has expanded into groceries; or you have a convenience model where, even Amazon, the company that's putting a lot of pressure on Target, where they're opening locations for their pick up concepts. And now Target is pushing some of their smaller-store concepts. I think they have 30 of them in operation now. They've talked about doubling that base with another 30 stores this year, 40 more in 2018. Some of the things they've learned from this test location, I think it was in LA, they really want to expand the aesthetics of the store, update them, make them more of an attraction, more of a place that people want to go, to boost that traffic. So, on the more positive side, I hear things like that and I think that's the right move. But, again, some of the finer details when it comes down to how they're going to try and step up the business, especially, like you mentioned, the investments in the gross margin, what that means is basically, they're going to be discounting and trying to get into a price war, essentially, with other bigger retailers like Wal-Mart. And that's really not a place I think Target ultimately wants to be. Any last thoughts for Target before we move on? Sharma: Briefly, I like going toward fact in this comparison, the great case that you've laid out, Vince. One thing that you said that I will grant is a method for Target to turn this more into fact than fluff, and that is that smaller store format. When it comes down to it, this future for brick-and-mortar retailers is about smaller spaces, so less fixed cost per square foot. When you have anchor stores and these very large 20,000 to 40,000 sq. ft. stores, you're competing against Amazon's and Wal-Mart's fixed costs, which are now in warehouses. That's where they are investing their dollars, in technology warehouses and distribution. By experimenting with these smaller stores, which are more experiential, I think Target might have a way to turn some of this fluff into fact. I think it's a great point that you make. I also do think their brand resonates more than other brands. I think they have an edge over Wal-Mart, and it is a brand that customers, if you give them something to come into the store for, they'll return. So, there are some positives here. Still say fluff, but there is at least a narrow path to getting back to fact for Target. We'll see what 2017 brings. Shen: Absolutely. I think this is a company that both investors and consumers are rooting for. They want to have that reason to shop with Target, and it's just a matter of the company executing, regardless of what strategies they may be, with their online operations or their small store formats. We'll see. Before we finish out here, for our next company, this is a beverage company, Dr Pepper Snapple. I think it gets neglected on the show a little bit. We usually talk about the big guys with Coca-Cola and Pepsi. But, Dr Pepper Snapple is in a similar situation as its bigger rivals in that it is, overall, dealing with this ongoing decline in carbonated soda consumption. Despite that, the company has done quite well for its investors. Let's get right into it. In terms of the fact of fluff quote and the dynamic there, what did you want to look at, Asit? Sharma: Dr Pepper Snapple, last year, grew 2.5%. The year before, they grew 2.5%. Yet, the stock has returned 95% over the trailing last three years. That's versus about 50% for Pepsi and just 20% for Coca-Cola. So, you're right, we talk about the big guys, and we sometimes neglect this interesting company. Investors have been willing to pony up for Dr Pepper Snapple because it has a diversified portfolio. It has brands like Peñafiel -- I apologize to our listeners who speak Spanish -- that's the number one carbonated brand in Mexico. It has Snapple, it has Mott's Juices, to supplement Dr Pepper and some of these other sparkling brands of sodas that we're more familiar with. The question is, how do you get over this 2.5% growth hump? Recently, Dr Pepper Snapple spent $1.7 billion to purchase Bai Brands, which is an enhanced water product that features fresh fruit flavors. It's one of these holistic, sustainable brands that the millennials gravitate toward. This was sort of Dr Pepper Snapple's answer to Coca-Cola and Pepsi's recent acquisitions to broaden out their portfolios.  Here's the quote. This is from, again, another CFO. This is CFO Marty Ellen, who said on the company's most recent quarterly conference call, "Coming off our solid 2016 performance, we enter 2017 with a lot of momentum, and we expect another solid year of business performance. We're expecting net sales growth before currency translation of about 5.5%, with 3% of this growth coming from our acquisition of Bai." Now, remember, I said the company has grown revenues by 2.5% the last two years. So, essentially, the whole rest of the business is going to remain flat this year, and they have the Bai acquisition effect that will give them the rest of the growth. My question is, next year, does that just become something that's lapped, and the company is again looking for growth? You have to know that Dr Pepper Snapple was originally the distributor for Bai Brands. So, they're only acquiring the revenue they didn't already have. I'm going to lean on the side of fact, because I think this is a big acquisition for Dr Pepper versus its $9 billion balance sheet, and I think it's an aggressive move into a category where it hasn't had a lot of presence. I'm a little skeptical on how it's going to grow this new company organically after the first year. But I say, all in all, this is a fact. You can bank on this quote. It's not a bad acquisition. What about you, Vince? Shen: I generally feel similar. I think, in this industry, especially when you have the traditional carbonated soda product, as that demand declines, a lot of these newer categories claim growth, and the one that's really popular right now is some of these holistic waters, the flavored waters that have swept a lot of interest and popularity in the last few years. Ultimately, a lot of the bigger players will turn to these younger brands, these upstart companies and acquire them, and leverage, ultimately, their reach or their resources and marketing to grow them very quickly. I think Dr Pepper Snapple has that interesting position in that it makes its distribution capabilities available to these allied partners. Bai was one of these allied partners. I think the company gets a pulse on the industry in this way. On the flip side, and you had a great article on this, Asit, the company isn't always able to take advantage of some of these allied partnerships that they have because sometimes the really popular and ultimately successful brands get acquired by their bigger rivals like Coca-Cola and Pepsi. Some of the names that come to mind that have gone on to become massive successes include Rockstar, Monster, and Vitamin Water. Overall, though, Bai is an example, it's kind of a first step that this company can take, in terms of the type of opportunities it has with some of these partners and how it seizes them, ultimately. But a lot of the opportunity also lies in the fact that a solid 80% or 90% of the company's business remains very U.S.-focused. I think a lot of investors are curious to see how the company might expand its reach abroad as well. Mexico, for example, was a significant growth driver in the past year. That's just one example in terms of markets that lie ahead that the company could push, in terms of that global reach, that direction. But, yeah, leaning more on the fact side. But, I think something to definitely keep in mind is the fact that the company was already, as you mentioned, handling the distribution for Bai. The uptake there is a limited upside. Sharma: Yeah. My last three thoughts on this: if you're an investor in DPS, Dr Pepper Snapple, you still have to watch those soft drinks. Like PepsiCo and Coca-Cola, Dr Pepper Snapple is investing in marketing to prop up those sales, so it's going to have a tie up with the probably going-to-be-a-blockbuster Wonder Woman movie this summer. Then, 7-Up is going to have a $2 billion impression campaign across social media and digital TV. So, it's also having to pile resources into marketing to prop up those brands while it finds ways to innovate both internally and through these acquisitions that we talk about. But, if you've been holding Dr Pepper Snapple, you know that steady as she goes has rewarded investors. I say the company should continue to perform very well, at least relative to its two peers that we mentioned, those huge beverage companies. Again, like the last one, we'll see what 2017 brings. Shen: Yeah. One last point I would like to make for this company is the fact that, as the overall carbonated soda category shrinks, Dr Pepper Snapple has done a good job grabbing a little share, growing its share, in terms of the brands under its umbrella, within that admittedly shrinking space. It's not going to go to zero. I think there will always be soda, and people drinking soda in this market. Also, that has seen growth in other markets as well. Again, what can the company do ultimately to expand its reach? I'll leave it there. Thank you, Asit, very much for joining us on the show. Sharma: Thank you! Shen: Fools, you can reach out to us and the rest of the Industry Focus crew via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus, or send any questions to industryfocus@fool.com. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentions, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear during the program. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Asit Sharma has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Costco Wholesale, Monster Beverage, Panera Bread, PepsiCo, and Starbucks. The Motley Fool is short Domino's Pizza and has the following options: short June 2017 $140 puts on Domino's Pizza. The Motley Fool recommends Dunkin' Brands Group. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Midnight oil burners, unite! A CPA and CMA with a deep interest in business strategy, I also hold a Master's degree in English Literature from NYU. When I'm not thinking finance, I'm often reading: novels, poetry, and recently, the Panama Papers. You can find me on twitter here: Follow @asitmap Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 12:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Target NYSE:TGT $53.57 up $0.82 (1.55%) Dr. Pepper Snapple Group NYSE:DPS $96.24 down $0.68 (-0.70%) Panera Bread NASDAQ:PNRA $312.55 down $0.39 (-0.12%) Read More Investors Are Betting Big Against JCPenney -- Are They Right? Why Chinese Social Media Company Momo Inc. Surged Last Month Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now Here's What Pushed Wynn Resorts Stock Higher in March Netflix May Be Changing the Theater Business Forever Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Target and Dr Pepper Snapple Plan to Head Off the Challenges in Their Industries @themotleyfool #stocks $TGT, $DPS, $PNRA
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Deltic Timber relaxes board rules to keep chairman on board through executive transitions Tyson Foods seeks growth with new retail products Survey: manufacturers’ optimism at 20-year high Little Rock river port’s economic impact tops $5 billion over past decade, study says Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Sen. Cotton: Attack on Syria should be warning to other countries with ‘illicit’ weapons Federal Judge grants injunction for one of eight men set to be executed in Arkansas (Updated) Jonesboro senator concerned about state revenue trends; initially opposed guns on campus bill Fort Smith Public Schools to address minority representation gap in hiring Arkansas Parole Board recommends clemency for one of eight condemned to die Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Tyson Foods seeks growth with new retail products Jonesboro senator concerned about state revenue trends; initially opposed guns on campus bill Then & Now: Fayetteville or Rogers, Payne Brewer makes his mark Jason Brown promoted to director of public relations at The Communications Group Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Michael Tilley on a tightening state budget TB&P Daily: SXSW with CJRW’s Zack Hill Former Gov. Tucker says state executions ‘very hard’ to carry out Home Bancshares John Allison on Dodd-Frank, Cuba, and the possibility of a merger of equals Rep. Crawford surprised by Comey disclosure, ‘all options’ on table with North Korea Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Little Rock river port’s economic impact tops $5 billion over past decade, study says USA Truck proxy shows executive pay, transitions, board candidates J.B. Hunt expected to report lower 1Q earnings amid competitive bidding season The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. e-commerce execs explain to suppliers the retailer’s new strategy Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Arkansas law often blocks coverage of infertility treatments for many couples BusinessHealthcareLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 14 hours ago 60 views  Tags: infertility 0 SHARES Share Tweet Having a baby is one of life’s greatest joys, but one in seven couples trying to conceive will be diagnosed as infertile, according to the National Women’s Health Resource Center. That means after a year of trying to conceive there is still no viable pregnancy. What those couples are likely to find is if they chose to seek medical intervention, it will come at their own expense. A hefty expense. While Arkansas is one of 15 states to legislate mandated coverage for infertility in 2013, health professionals said the law has a $15,000 lifetime cap for in vitro fertilization which likely only covers one treatment. There are also a number of loopholes in the law that exempts self-insured companies from providing the in vitro benefit. Many of the state’s largest employers – including Wal-Mart Stores, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transport, Murphy Oil –  are self-insured. Dr. Michael Clouatre of Creekside Center for Women in Northwest Arkansas said it’s rare to see his patient’s insurance cover even the basic treatments. Coverage also rarely covers tests which can be used to determine if there is a medical condition requiring laparoscopic surgery such as blocked fallopian tubes or some other obstruction. In his 20 years of practice he has seen around five to six cases a year. He said given the high number of women professionals in Northwest Arkansas who postpone child birth, many seek a diagnosis in their mid to late 30s. Clouatre is not a fertility specialist, but as an obstetrics and gynecological physician he does work with patients seeking basic services when they can’t successfully get pregnant after a year. He said when there isn’t a medical problem 60% of couples will conceive within six months without medical assistance. “Most of the time patients are paying for the services completely out of pocket and there are times when couples simply cannot afford tests and treatments offered locally, (or) much less more expensive treatments at fertility clinics in Tulsa or Little Rock,” he said. DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT Clouatre said the first step with a possible problem is to do a complete family history. He said 40% of the time the problem involves the male. Many times he said women are not regularly ovulating and that is something consumers can check themselves with over-the-counter tests similar to pregnancy tests. Clouatre said the cost for the ovulation strip tests could run a patient $20 to $40 a month. He said the next step is to prescribe Clomid which will induce ovulation, starting on a small dose to try and regulate the cycles. “A few years ago Walmart put the generic for Clomid on its $9 prescription list which was a huge help to couples without script cards. The drug was expensive for women not that long ago,” he said. “Over a three-month period of using Clomid and timing intercourse some couples will conceive.” If more intervention is needed Clouatre said there are diagnostic tests to examine the fallopian tubes for obstruction, but those tests are not covered by most insurance plans. The primary test known as HSG can range in cost between $800 and $3,000 depending on markets. The national average for that test is $1,259. Clouatre said the test doesn’t always reveal a problem that is believed to be present because of its limitations. In those cases he said exploratory outpatient surgery which is done and laparoscopically is the best way to check the quality of the tubes and check for endometriosis. He said because it’s related to infertility, insurance most times will not cover that expense. Outpatient surgery can range from $5,000 to $15,000 on average. Clouatre said seeking treatment locally is cheaper than in larger markets, but the cost is still out of reach for too many couples. He said patients can go as far as intrauterine insemination which can be done in the doctor’s office using the husband’s sperm or donor sperm if necessary. He said this procedure allows him to place sterile sperm through the cervix to the top of uterus near the fallopian tubes. “The harsh environment of the vagina can kill off a large number of sperm and bypassing the vagina and cervix gives the male sperm the best chance to reach an egg,” he said. Beyond that, Clouatre said he refers his patients to the Tulsa Fertility Center. In vitro fertilization there is about $12,000 for one round. He said if the patient doesn’t get pregnant after one cycle they must pay for round two which is somewhat less but still pricey. In a year’s time he said a patient could feasibly do four cycles of in vitro and the cost would be as much as $40,000, none of which is covered by insurance in most cases. PLUGGING GAPS When asked what he would like to be done to fill the gaps in coverage, Clouatre said it would likely have to legislated and the loopholes plugged because it’s doubtful a company will offer it otherwise – at least they haven’t thus far. American Express made news in December when it began offering insured employees up to $35,000 for infertility treatments including advanced reproductive technology procedures through its health plan. The company also tossed in $35,000 of coverage for adoption and surrogacy events. American Express Human Resource Officer Kevin Cox said employees wanted and asked for the expanded coverage and in trying to retain and attract the talent it needs this was the right move to make because the market is moving in this direction. Last year professional services firm EY (Ernst & Young) added a $25,000 benefit for infertility, surrogacy, adoption and egg-freezing. Intel also quadrupled its fertility benefit for its U.S. employees last year raising it to $40,000 on treatments and services and $20,000 on fertility drugs. Clouatre said the corporate moves are commendable, but the trend has not reached Arkansas market sand likely won’t as long as state law exempts the largest employers. GEOGRAPHIC CHALLENGES While Northwest Arkansas offers a wide range of healthcare services it’s also important to note patients seeking in vitro fertilization must still travel to Tulsa, Little Rock or some other larger market for those services because there is not a fertility specialist in any of the three local health care systems. Clouatre said traveling outside the local market for care is not only expensive but also a time commitment. A recent study by scientists at University of Pittsburgh and University of Michigan looked at the number of fertility clinics in the nation compared to population. They found that almost 25 million women of reproductive age in the U.S. don’t live near fertility clinics. They also noted that 18.2 million women between the ages of 20 and 49 live in metropolitan areas that have no fertility clinics, and an additional 6.8 million women live in areas that only have one clinic and therefore don’t have a choice of provider. However, the remaining 38.1 million — or 60% of the population — live in regions with multiple fertility clinics, which gives them a choice of providers. “Infertility is by itself a difficult issue for couples to face emotionally and financially,” study co-author Dr. John Harris, of Pitt’s School of Medicine, said in a statement. “Based on geography, many couples who are trying to start families may have only one clinic nearby where they seek these services, and many women with infertility do not have any nearby access to these services at all, adding additional anxiety during an already stressful time of life.” Comments comments Previous post Use of heating equipment and fuel varies based on climate Next post Crowdfunding cap boosted by SEC, adjusted for inflation Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Estate planning and potential pitfalls Latest Popular Sen. Cotton: Attack on Syria should be warning to other countries with ‘illicit’ weapons 4 hours ago Deltic Timber relaxes board rules to keep chairman on board through executive transitions 7 hours ago Tyson Foods seeks growth with new retail products 8 hours ago Survey: manufacturers’ optimism at 20-year high 8 hours ago Little Rock river port’s economic impact tops $5 billion over past decade, study says 9 hours ago Walmart U.S. to cut 10% of local tech division jobs, Sam’s Club also cutting staff 11,618 views Walmart planning new distribution center in Bentonville (UPDATED) 5,477 views Physician’s tower, possible 700 jobs part of Phase II at Arkansas Children’s Northwest 2,152 views Jonesboro may lose one of its two convention center projects 2,079 views The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. e-commerce execs explain to suppliers the retailer’s new strategy 1,751 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
WATCH LIVE Home News Local News Regional News National News Special Reports Meet the Team Copy Request Story Ideas About WABI Weather Weather E-Weather Stormwatch Ski Report Sports Sports Good Sport Hale's Corner Never Say Never Moment Play of the Week Tournament Reports Copy Request Features All About Maine A Better Place Ask an Officer Bath Salts: Dangers Business & Finance End Student Hunger Healthy Living Honor Roll Submissions Pets Question Of The Day Archives Senior Segments Take This Job and Love It TV5 Kitchen Schedule Programming Home Programming Schedule Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Buy Maine First It's Our Treat Walmart Theft Suspect Leads Police on High Speed Chase Apr 6, 201712:02 PM EDT News Desk Local News, Today's Top Stories A high speed chase on the interstate yesterday afternoon ended in a crash involving a man police say stole from Walmart earlier in the day. Walmart employees say it wasn’t the first time they watched Buddy Burton, 36, of Augusta stealing merchandise. He’s accused of stealing about $3000 worth of goods from the store over the past week. Police say after Burton left the store yesterday he drove south on the interstate, driving erratically and at times at speeds over 100 miles per hour. Police say a spike mat in Waterville caused Burton to lose control and crash in a ditch. They say he then ran across the highway and was caught by troopers, then taken to a hospital with injuries.   Share this: Facebook Twitter Email ← Bill to Prohibit Climate Change Belief Discrimination in Augusta Damages Too Extensive To Determine Cause of Restaurant Fire → ADVERTISEMENT Trending Stories UPDATE: TV Meteorologist Body Found in Southern Maine Walmart Theft Suspect Leads Police on High Speed Chase UPDATE: Husson Student Injured in Crash Out of Hospital Hands of Hope Thrift Store Closing ADVERTISEMENT We Want to Know: Should inmates be allowed to appeal their innocence at any time while in prison? ADVERTISEMENT © 2017 WABI TV5. All Rights Reserved. | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Advertise | Employment Information | FCC Public File | Closed Captioning | Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu LABORING FOR CHANGE A reborn American labor movement is coming—if unions are bold enough to change Written by Dan Schlademan Co-Director, Organization United for Respect Obsession "America First" April 06, 2017 The national organization OUR Walmart is seeking to improve working conditions for Walmart employees. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky) Share Written by Dan Schlademan Co-Director, Organization United for Respect Obsession "America First" April 06, 2017 Donald Trump’s presidency has elevated debate about the grim future of unions. While more policies and laws undermining workers seem inevitable, the movement’s death is not. United against the politics that have led to a rigged economy, workers and organizers from red and blue states are looking for a future in which their families are not constantly struggling, while those in power at corporations, banks, and in Washington help only themselves. Working people in this country can not and should not underestimate their power. History, as well as emerging movements and organizations, show that working people are not facing a question of life or death. Rather, they are facing the opportunity for renewal. The US labor movement has reinvented itself repeatedly in the past. These rebirths have been crucial to the evolution of the movement’s power. We are now at another historical moment of rebirth. But it’s important to understand how we arrived here, so to best take advantage of the opportunity ahead. The first documented labor union in North America was the Boston Shoemakers Union, which formed in 1648. Well before then, workers organized themselves upon landing in the American colonies. As a result, many different kinds of labor organizations exist, all with the goal of building power for working people and taking power from those who abuse it. These organizations include craft unions, guilds, protection societies, general unions, trade unions, associations, and more. They provide workers with community, education, political power, and economic power. Most of these organizations also existed for a limited time. They are succeeded by new organizations better equipped to build power in America’s ever-changing economic and societal conditions. For example, the Knights of Labor grew to become largest and most powerful union in the late 1800s, but by the mid-1900s its final members dropped the affiliation, as a new labor movement arose. Today, too many people—inside the labor movement and out—wax nostalgic about mid-1950s movements that are still dominant in 2017. It’s understandable: union membership was over 30% of the workforce, GM workers were able to buy the cars they built, and the modern American Dream—where working hard meant getting ahead—emerged. In this period, unions played a huge role building the middle class and making America strong. But changes to global trade policies, technology, and the rise of other forces, like automation, mean that the organizations that thrived in 1955 are not necessarily equipped to build power for working people today. Emerging worker movements are winning hard fought victories with the painful recognition that the same methods for organizing don’t work inside America’s broken system of laws and traditions. New, emergent forms of organizing are gaining power despite the fact that corporations have unprecedented control over workplaces, politics, laws, and the economy. From OUR Walmart to the Fight for $15, National Domestic Workers Alliance, Restaurant Opportunities Center, the Better Banks Campaign, New York Taxi Workers Alliance, and the Freelancers Union, new forms of worker organizations are winning better pay and scheduling practices at major corporations. They’re providing access to benefits and services by using economies of scale. And they’re securing stronger public policy, winning paid sick days and higher minimum wages for entire communities. These groups and others like them are setting a path for renewal that involves being catalysts, embracing technology and social media, and not waiting for the perfect solution before building and harnessing political power. Understanding and investing in these new models for organizing will help the labor movement succeed. These changes have meant breaking with tradition and tactics of traditional labor organizing, but forging a new path is critical to the revival moment. These models show that organizers must not be afraid of being catalysts that help workers build independent organizations and experiment. The decision about forming an organization can’t be left up to the government or employers. The presence of workers ready to initiate organization building should be the only prerequisite necessary for an organization to exist. Workers and organizers must also remember that who gets elected, and what they do in once in office, is a reflection of their power; until they build independent power, they will continue to lose. Some of the resources currently focused on politics needs to be focused instead on building organizations that give working people a voice, community, and vision for change, first. Meanwhile, new technology and social media has changed the paradigm of how workers can organize on limited resources. Ensuring that our models include training workers on how to organize through social media, and creating tools to support them, is critical. Connecting traditional tactics with social media and technology opens up huge new opportunities in organizing. And when thinking about resources, organizers must be strategic. They know that a rising tide lifts all, and they need to be more strategic about focusing on industries and sectors that can create the most change for workers. Just as a 500,000 people at Walmart earning a raise resulted in other retailers following suit, organizers need to focus our efforts on the industries and sectors who are going to have the greatest economy-wide impact. United for Respect @ Walmart (OUR Walmart) has been working on these issues since 2010. Worker-leaders choose not to wait for the government or Walmart to decide if it had the right to exist. The organization exists because Walmart workers decided to build it into a network of more than 100,000, who, in coalition with communities and allies, created pressure on Walmart sufficient to raise minimum pay, change national policies, and win thousands of store-level victories. By necessity, the organization has focused on developing new forms of building power. While the results may look unfamiliar to traditional labor unions, to date OUR Walmart is both resilient and on the route to building long-term sustainability. OUR Walmart’s resilience is connected to its leaders examining the current situation and designing an organization that can build power in America’s current economic and societal conditions. OUR Walmart has also developed a powerful tool called Workit that has the potential to transform the ways that workers can support each other and self-organize. We live in an era where the opportunity to bring people together is in transformation, thanks to continued technological developments that allow for the democratization of connection, information, and media. We also live in a time when poverty and inequality are destroying the fabric of America and the world. We know that the labor movement won’t survive in its current state—a state that allowed for the election of Donald Trump. The question for those of us invested in the future of labor is this: Are we bold enough to build something different, and better, than what has come before? Follow Dan on Twitter. Learn how to write for Quartz Ideas. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Most Popular Trump invited China’s leader to his home, then bombed one of his allies during dinner Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Hot Topics: Body found outside Walmart Sentencing in Peyton Knowlton death Longmont's osprey love triangle Missing at-risk adult News tips Fort Collins woman found dead in car outside Longmont's north Walmart By Amelia Arvesen Staff Writer Posted:   04/05/2017 09:13:45 AM MDT Updated:   04/05/2017 06:00:48 PM MDT Longmont police are investigating the discovery of a body Tuesday night in a car parked at the north Walmart. Cmdr. Joel Post said an officer was dispatched around 11:30 p.m. to the pharmacy entrance at the north end of the parking lot at 2514 Main St., where a woman in her 30s was found dead in a 1996 Honda sedan. Post said the woman was reported missing out of Fort Collins. He said her identity and cause of death is pending investigation by the Boulder County coroner. The report came to police after a Walmart employee said she saw a woman possibly sleeping in her car about noon Monday, but then saw the same car and woman again when she left work Tuesday night, Post said. He said foul play is not suspected, and there is no threat or danger to the public. The discovery is the second of its kind within the last month. In March, a 29-year-old Loveland man was found dead in a vehicle parked at the former Kmart, 2151 Main St. In that case, the coroner said Wednesday that Duran Severtson died of a "combined drug intoxication." Advertisement Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES First candidate emerges for this year's Longmont mayoral election Longmont police find boy who was riding bike to Niwot ICE raids in Colorado, Wyoming nets arrest in Frederick   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker Second Story Garage SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: bBooth, Inc. April 06, 2017 08:00 ET bBooth Adds Top Technology Executive bBooth Continues Expansion of Its Senior Management Team HOLLYWOOD, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 6, 2017) - bBooth, Inc. (OTCQB: BBTH), the Hollywood-based digital technology company, is pleased to announce the continued expansion of its senior executive team to include notable technology executive John Cho, who joins bBooth as Senior Vice President of Technology Innovation and Special Executive Assistant to the CEO. Mr. Cho is best described as a futurist and polymath technologist. Just prior to joining bBooth, Mr. Cho was President of MediaHub, an enterprise Content Delivery Network (eCDN) focused on optimized HTTPs video delivery across complex networks. At MediaHub, Mr. Cho was responsible for designing Smart City Experiences for Al-Rheem Island, as directed by Sheikh Mohammad in collaboration with Etisalat, Du, and UTT. Mr. Cho also consulted for Civiq (Comark) on LCD solutions for NYCity Link. Prior to MediaHub, Mr. Cho co-founded Toggle, Inc. and was invited to join Warner Bros' accelerator, "Media Camp." While there, Mr. Cho was solely responsible for developing a fully compliant supply chain for Walmart -- and orchestrating the mass-production of VUDU Spark, Walmart's dedicated on-demand EST streaming platform.  Mr. Cho also played integral roles in diverse "Video Immersion" projects such as Patriot Missile Training Systems, Visualization technologies for unifying Air Space Command (USAF), Interactive Video Display for NASA JSC and Google HQ's Experience Center, as well as designing and collaborating on Army Mobile Command Centers, and Emergency Operations Centers. A naturally strategic and creative planner, Mr. Cho played an integral role in collaborating, co-designing, and orchestrating national digital signage deployments for many notable luxury retail brands and globally recognized QSR chains.  "John joins the team at a pivotal time in our continuing evolution. We're about to enter a new phase of growth here at bBooth as we prepare for the release of the next generation of our interactive video-based CRM and lead gen software services and as we begin deployment and integration with our enterprise customers," states Rory J. Cutaia, bBooth CEO. "As we plan for the distribution of our services to global enterprise customers, we are extremely fortunate to attract someone with the caliber of talent and expertise of John Cho to our senior team," continues Cutaia. "I'm thrilled to be part of this dynamic, leading edge technology company," states John Cho. "Our CEO, Rory J. Cutaia, is a true leader who has assembled a world-class team of dedicated, driven, professionals to execute his vision to achieve market leader status. As excited as I am about our current interactive video technology deployment, I'm even more excited about our application development initiatives and the implications these innovations will have for our future growth and value creation here in the U.S., as well as in Asia and other parts of the world," continues Mr. Cho. About bBooth: bBooth, Inc. (OTCQB: BBTH) is a Hollywood-based digital tech company. We develop and license cloud-based, Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Customer Relationship Management (CRM), sales lead generation, and social engagement software on mobile and desktop platforms for sales-based organizations, consumer brands, and artists seeking greater levels of customer, consumer, and fan engagement. Our software platform can accommodate a single direct sales representative, yet is enterprise-class scalable to meet the needs of today's global organizations. We've re-invented what a CRM, lead-gen tool should be in today's video-centric social environment. Our service is built around our proprietary 'Video-First' bNotifi technology, which places interactive video front and center in all customer and prospect communications.  For more information on bBooth, visit www.bBooth.com. Forward-looking & Safe Harbor Statement: Certain statements in this release may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of Rule 175 under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 3b-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and those statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules. All statements, other than statements of fact, included in this release, including, without limitation, statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the Company, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are further qualified by other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements in this release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contact Information Please address media inquiries to: info@bBooth.com or call 855 250-2300 ext. 2 Please address investor inquiries to: investors@bBooth.com or call 855 250-2300 ext. 3 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company bBooth, Inc. From this industry Computers and Software Financial Services Telecom From this sub-industry Big Data Hardware Internet Networking Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Personal Finance Venture Capital Cable and Satellite Services Networking Telecommunication Equipment Telecommunication Services Wireless/Mobile See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: bBooth, Inc. April 06, 2017 08:00 ET bBooth Adds Top Technology Executive bBooth Continues Expansion of Its Senior Management Team HOLLYWOOD, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 6, 2017) - bBooth, Inc. (OTCQB: BBTH), the Hollywood-based digital technology company, is pleased to announce the continued expansion of its senior executive team to include notable technology executive John Cho, who joins bBooth as Senior Vice President of Technology Innovation and Special Executive Assistant to the CEO. Mr. Cho is best described as a futurist and polymath technologist. Just prior to joining bBooth, Mr. Cho was President of MediaHub, an enterprise Content Delivery Network (eCDN) focused on optimized HTTPs video delivery across complex networks. At MediaHub, Mr. Cho was responsible for designing Smart City Experiences for Al-Rheem Island, as directed by Sheikh Mohammad in collaboration with Etisalat, Du, and UTT. Mr. Cho also consulted for Civiq (Comark) on LCD solutions for NYCity Link. Prior to MediaHub, Mr. Cho co-founded Toggle, Inc. and was invited to join Warner Bros' accelerator, "Media Camp." While there, Mr. Cho was solely responsible for developing a fully compliant supply chain for Walmart -- and orchestrating the mass-production of VUDU Spark, Walmart's dedicated on-demand EST streaming platform.  Mr. Cho also played integral roles in diverse "Video Immersion" projects such as Patriot Missile Training Systems, Visualization technologies for unifying Air Space Command (USAF), Interactive Video Display for NASA JSC and Google HQ's Experience Center, as well as designing and collaborating on Army Mobile Command Centers, and Emergency Operations Centers. A naturally strategic and creative planner, Mr. Cho played an integral role in collaborating, co-designing, and orchestrating national digital signage deployments for many notable luxury retail brands and globally recognized QSR chains.  "John joins the team at a pivotal time in our continuing evolution. We're about to enter a new phase of growth here at bBooth as we prepare for the release of the next generation of our interactive video-based CRM and lead gen software services and as we begin deployment and integration with our enterprise customers," states Rory J. Cutaia, bBooth CEO. "As we plan for the distribution of our services to global enterprise customers, we are extremely fortunate to attract someone with the caliber of talent and expertise of John Cho to our senior team," continues Cutaia. "I'm thrilled to be part of this dynamic, leading edge technology company," states John Cho. "Our CEO, Rory J. Cutaia, is a true leader who has assembled a world-class team of dedicated, driven, professionals to execute his vision to achieve market leader status. As excited as I am about our current interactive video technology deployment, I'm even more excited about our application development initiatives and the implications these innovations will have for our future growth and value creation here in the U.S., as well as in Asia and other parts of the world," continues Mr. Cho. About bBooth: bBooth, Inc. (OTCQB: BBTH) is a Hollywood-based digital tech company. We develop and license cloud-based, Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Customer Relationship Management (CRM), sales lead generation, and social engagement software on mobile and desktop platforms for sales-based organizations, consumer brands, and artists seeking greater levels of customer, consumer, and fan engagement. Our software platform can accommodate a single direct sales representative, yet is enterprise-class scalable to meet the needs of today's global organizations. We've re-invented what a CRM, lead-gen tool should be in today's video-centric social environment. Our service is built around our proprietary 'Video-First' bNotifi technology, which places interactive video front and center in all customer and prospect communications.  For more information on bBooth, visit www.bBooth.com. Forward-looking & Safe Harbor Statement: Certain statements in this release may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of Rule 175 under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 3b-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and those statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules. All statements, other than statements of fact, included in this release, including, without limitation, statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the Company, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are further qualified by other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements in this release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contact Information Please address media inquiries to: info@bBooth.com or call 855 250-2300 ext. 2 Please address investor inquiries to: investors@bBooth.com or call 855 250-2300 ext. 3 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company bBooth, Inc. From this industry Computers and Software Financial Services Telecom From this sub-industry Big Data Hardware Internet Networking Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Personal Finance Venture Capital Cable and Satellite Services Networking Telecommunication Equipment Telecommunication Services Wireless/Mobile See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu LABORING FOR CHANGE A reborn American labor movement is coming—if unions are bold enough to change Written by Dan Schlademan Co-Director, Organization United for Respect Obsession "America First" April 06, 2017 The national organization OUR Walmart is seeking to improve working conditions for Walmart employees. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky) Share Written by Dan Schlademan Co-Director, Organization United for Respect Obsession "America First" April 06, 2017 Donald Trump’s presidency has elevated debate about the grim future of unions. While more policies and laws undermining workers seem inevitable, the movement’s death is not. United against the politics that have led to a rigged economy, workers and organizers from red and blue states are looking for a future in which their families are not constantly struggling, while those in power at corporations, banks, and in Washington help only themselves. Working people in this country can not and should not underestimate their power. History, as well as emerging movements and organizations, show that working people are not facing a question of life or death. Rather, they are facing the opportunity for renewal. The US labor movement has reinvented itself repeatedly in the past. These rebirths have been crucial to the evolution of the movement’s power. We are now at another historical moment of rebirth. But it’s important to understand how we arrived here, so to best take advantage of the opportunity ahead. The first documented labor union in North America was the Boston Shoemakers Union, which formed in 1648. Well before then, workers organized themselves upon landing in the American colonies. As a result, many different kinds of labor organizations exist, all with the goal of building power for working people and taking power from those who abuse it. These organizations include craft unions, guilds, protection societies, general unions, trade unions, associations, and more. They provide workers with community, education, political power, and economic power. Most of these organizations also existed for a limited time. They are succeeded by new organizations better equipped to build power in America’s ever-changing economic and societal conditions. For example, the Knights of Labor grew to become largest and most powerful union in the late 1800s, but by the mid-1900s its final members dropped the affiliation, as a new labor movement arose. Today, too many people—inside the labor movement and out—wax nostalgic about mid-1950s movements that are still dominant in 2017. It’s understandable: union membership was over 30% of the workforce, GM workers were able to buy the cars they built, and the modern American Dream—where working hard meant getting ahead—emerged. In this period, unions played a huge role building the middle class and making America strong. But changes to global trade policies, technology, and the rise of other forces, like automation, mean that the organizations that thrived in 1955 are not necessarily equipped to build power for working people today. Emerging worker movements are winning hard fought victories with the painful recognition that the same methods for organizing don’t work inside America’s broken system of laws and traditions. New, emergent forms of organizing are gaining power despite the fact that corporations have unprecedented control over workplaces, politics, laws, and the economy. From OUR Walmart to the Fight for $15, National Domestic Workers Alliance, Restaurant Opportunities Center, the Better Banks Campaign, New York Taxi Workers Alliance, and the Freelancers Union, new forms of worker organizations are winning better pay and scheduling practices at major corporations. They’re providing access to benefits and services by using economies of scale. And they’re securing stronger public policy, winning paid sick days and higher minimum wages for entire communities. These groups and others like them are setting a path for renewal that involves being catalysts, embracing technology and social media, and not waiting for the perfect solution before building and harnessing political power. Understanding and investing in these new models for organizing will help the labor movement succeed. These changes have meant breaking with tradition and tactics of traditional labor organizing, but forging a new path is critical to the revival moment. These models show that organizers must not be afraid of being catalysts that help workers build independent organizations and experiment. The decision about forming an organization can’t be left up to the government or employers. The presence of workers ready to initiate organization building should be the only prerequisite necessary for an organization to exist. Workers and organizers must also remember that who gets elected, and what they do in once in office, is a reflection of their power; until they build independent power, they will continue to lose. Some of the resources currently focused on politics needs to be focused instead on building organizations that give working people a voice, community, and vision for change, first. Meanwhile, new technology and social media has changed the paradigm of how workers can organize on limited resources. Ensuring that our models include training workers on how to organize through social media, and creating tools to support them, is critical. Connecting traditional tactics with social media and technology opens up huge new opportunities in organizing. And when thinking about resources, organizers must be strategic. They know that a rising tide lifts all, and they need to be more strategic about focusing on industries and sectors that can create the most change for workers. Just as a 500,000 people at Walmart earning a raise resulted in other retailers following suit, organizers need to focus our efforts on the industries and sectors who are going to have the greatest economy-wide impact. United for Respect @ Walmart (OUR Walmart) has been working on these issues since 2010. Worker-leaders choose not to wait for the government or Walmart to decide if it had the right to exist. The organization exists because Walmart workers decided to build it into a network of more than 100,000, who, in coalition with communities and allies, created pressure on Walmart sufficient to raise minimum pay, change national policies, and win thousands of store-level victories. By necessity, the organization has focused on developing new forms of building power. While the results may look unfamiliar to traditional labor unions, to date OUR Walmart is both resilient and on the route to building long-term sustainability. OUR Walmart’s resilience is connected to its leaders examining the current situation and designing an organization that can build power in America’s current economic and societal conditions. OUR Walmart has also developed a powerful tool called Workit that has the potential to transform the ways that workers can support each other and self-organize. We live in an era where the opportunity to bring people together is in transformation, thanks to continued technological developments that allow for the democratization of connection, information, and media. We also live in a time when poverty and inequality are destroying the fabric of America and the world. We know that the labor movement won’t survive in its current state—a state that allowed for the election of Donald Trump. The question for those of us invested in the future of labor is this: Are we bold enough to build something different, and better, than what has come before? Follow Dan on Twitter. Learn how to write for Quartz Ideas. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Most Popular Trump invited China’s leader to his home, then bombed one of his allies during dinner Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Environment April 6, 2017 6:00 AM With land deal on the line, UM tries to clear path for Walmart in rare forest Much of the pine rocklands that remain are located in Everglades National Park. Only 2 percent remains outside the park and Big Cypress National Preserve. Tim Chapman Miami Herald Staff The development will include 900 apartments. Ram Services, Inc. A Walmart is planned as the anchor store for a 289,000-square foot shopping center. Ram Services, Inc. Amy Werba, center, and other protesters rallied near ZooMiami in January 2015 to fight a Walmart-anchored shopping center and 900 apartments on land that includes the largest remaining tract of privately owned rock pineland. Al Diaz MIAMI HERALD STAFF Deltoid spurge, pictured here at Larry and Penny Thompson Park near the proposed development, is one of the endangered plants that grows in pine rockland. Tim Chapman Miami Herald Staff 1 of 5 i By Jenny Staletovich jstaletovich@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Stalled plans to build a Walmart shopping center on the planet’s largest remaining tract of privately-owned pine rockland are getting a surprise assist from the University of Miami. The school, criticized for selling the sensitive land acquired from the U.S. government decades ago at no cost, has agreed to beef up protections on a nearby 50-acre tract of the dwindling forest to help save the controversial deal. The new plan, part of a conservation requirement to move the project forward, is open for public comment until the end of May. Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez has also asked the county commission to address the plan April 18. Adding the new tract will keep more pineland from disappearing, federal wildlife officials said, even while risking harm to eight endangered species. Seeing a plus no matter how small is meaningful. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service supervisory biologist Ashleigh Blackford “Seeing a plus no matter how small is meaningful,” said Ashleigh Blackford, the chief wildlife biologist for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s regional office. But critics say the project remains riddled with problems and amounts to a numbers game. The new land included in the plan is already protected by a deed restriction that calls for UM to maintain it. And the latest proposal, they say, still carves what was once a 90-acre forest across 138 acres into pieces that do less to protect the plants and animals found no place else on the planet. This project shouldn’t have been happening. We should have had enough consciousness to stop this. South Florida Wildlands Association Executive Director Matthew Schwartz “The big picture has been swept away already,” South Florida Wildlands Association Executive Director Matthew Schwartz said. “This project shouldn’t have been happening. We should have had enough consciousness to stop this.” The big picture, they say, is the need to preserve as many remaining large pieces to give disappearing plants and animals the best chance to survive. If approved, the conservation plan would be the closing chapter in a saga that has highlighted the intense pressure Florida’s dwindling wild lands face from development. Neighbors are now fighting a charter school that wants to build on vacant land near the Trinity pineland. And this week, Palmetto Bay reversed its approval of a project on Old Cutler Road. Pine rockland is the open airy forest that sprouted from South Florida’s craggy limestone as it got battered by seasonal wildfires and once covered a spiny ridge from Florida City to the Miami River. It drew a collection of species that perfectly fit the harsh conditions: large bats that need plenty of turning room to hunt for mosquitoes and other bugs under the canopy, butterflies that only feed on the forest croton, and tiny herbs and flowers tucked into the rocky floor. Today, just two percent of the forest remains, with 2,900 acres outside Everglades National Park and the Big Cypress National Preserve. Of the fragments outside the park, the tract near ZooMiami, a former blimp base covering four square miles, was the largest and long eyed by environmentalists for preservation. Critics also worry that allowing the shopping center could revive another big development: Miami Wilds, a theme park the county wanted to build next door. After protests, the county dropped plans for a 400-room hotel that spilled onto pineland it hoped to buy from the U.S. Coast Guard and limited plans for a water park and retail on an existing parking lot. The county also scrapped an exit ramp from the nearby Turnpike that would have cut across pineland. UM declined to answer questions about the shopping center deal. Developer Peter Cummings purchased 88 acres in 2014 for $22 million from the university and has an option to buy the remaining 50 acres. In an email, spokeswoman Megan Ondrizek said the school is complying with all rules and “remains committed to the preservation of natural and historic resources in Miami-Dade County.” Cummings says the development — 289,000 square feet of commercial space, a parking lot, 900 apartments, a school, and two preserves linked by a corridor and three “stepping stones” — is the best chance to preserve what’s left of the forest. Coral Reef Commons provides the best hope for preservation of Pine Rockland — and at no cost to the public. Developer Peter Cummings “Coral Reef Commons provides the best hope for preservation of Pine Rockland — and at no cost to the public,” he said in a statement responding to questions. Once done, the project will generate nearly $3 million in annual taxes and $66,000 annually to The Children’s Trust, he said. It will create 780 construction jobs along with 1,000 full- and part-time jobs expected to generate $18 million in wages annually, he said. UM has agreed to new deed restrictions that beef up protections to include other species and not the single plant now covered, Blackford said. But critics worry that UM has already failed to follow a 2000 deed restriction on the overgrown land and has a crummy track record for environmental stewardship: UM was aware of environmentalists’ desire to protect the land, and the presence of rare forest and threatened species, when the school sold it. In the mid-1990s, when the county requested that it be added to a list of endangered lands for purchase, UM objected, said county environmental chief Lee Hefty. The school declined to provide a copy of the agreement, and Cummings’ spokesman said it was confidential. The mitigation outlined in a complicated model assessing conservation also doesn’t amount to other accepted mitigation practices to replace lost land with a larger amount of restored or preserved land, they complain. Cummings’ consultants based calculations on quality, not quantity. Pine rockland is a limited thing. There’s just nothing left to mitigate. Attorney Dennis Olle “The problem is the lack of available land to mitigate,” said Dennis Olle, an attorney and board member for the Miami Chapter of the North American Butterfly Association. “If you were dealing with mangroves, I hate to be so utilitarian, but there’s lots of mangroves. You can plant new ones. Mangroves are fungible. You want mangroves, I can get you mangroves. Pine rockland is a limited thing. There’s just nothing left to mitigate.” To calculate how best to save the forest, Cummings and his environmental consulting firm came up with their own formula, something critics question. No model existed previously, so the firm, Johnson Engineering, created one with help from federal wildlife staff, Blackford said. “Somebody has to develop the initial model, and this is the initial model,” she said. “There isn’t a pine rockland habitat value model out there. What we know is what we consider are important characteristics of pine rocklands, so those are the building blocks of their model.” When projects endanger rare animals, like panthers or wood storks, and it’s impossible to determine exactly how, federal officials use damage to habitat as a surrogate. In the case of the pineland, they came up with unique features to grade: its canopy, the distinct limestone floor and the amount of invasive species. With six characteristics on their list, Cumming’s team concluded that nearly 31 acres was badly degraded and another 46 acres had moderate decline. But with the development setting aside 55 acres, any impacts by the Walmart, LA Fitness, the parking lot and a future school would be fully offset. The additional 51 acres, they say, goes above and beyond. But critics took issue with the assessment that included surveys for endangered beetles, bats and butterflies. The consultants said no bats live in the forest, even though calls were picked up at 25 sites. They also reported the existence of no tiger beetles, saying the wildlife expert they consulted concluded that there was no viable habitat. But in a July 2014 email, entomologist Barry Knisley wrote that he never conducted surveys on the land “because it is probably off-limits,” and that while it looked unsuitable, the pineland could probably be salvaged with better care. Bugs and bats that don’t know any boundaries. Miami Pine Rocklands Coalition founder Al Sunshine “It’s like it’s a unique area devoid of any of the federally protected animals that are absolutely surrounding it,” said former WFOR reporter Al Sunshine, who founded the Miami Pine Rocklands Coalition. “Bugs and bats that don’t know any boundaries.” Plans for a school on four acres at the northwest corner of the property, and reached by a road that runs alongside one of the preserves, also remain unclear. Neither the school district nor the county could say how big it would be, or whether it would be a high school or a grade school. Blackford said her agency only looked at the footprint, but such details could be something “we could and should address.” With so much pineland now chopped into tiny pieces, conservationists also wonder why more wasn’t done to preserve a larger tract rather than two smaller ones. The plan, which takes the place of an earlier draft, “still places the development in the center of the property, fragmenting habitat on the property, and potentially effectively rendering remaining acreage much less valuable,” said Jaclyn Lopez, Florida Director for the Center for Biological Diversity. “Was an alternative considered that would develop along the roadway or to one side of the property to minimize fragmentation?” Several groups have requested a public hearing. Spokesman Ken Warren said Wednesday that the agency isn’t legally required to hold one but is planning on hosting an online webinar before the end of the comment period May 22 to provide more information. Anyone submitting comments should also be detailed in what they write. “How we can do it better is more valuable than ‘I don’t like it,’ ” Blackford said. “Simply saying I don’t like it is not valuable information we can use.” Follow Jenny Staletovich on Twitter @jenstaletovich. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Environment Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:03 3 ways to protect yourself from Zika Pause 1:58 Ranch finds balance between business and environment 0:56 Man attacks clerk after credit card declined 0:56 Miami-Dade SWAT combats rise of synthetic heroin 1:26 "Chimp mom" raises to small chimpanzees in her Havana apartment 0:36 U.S. fires missiles at Syrian air base 0:54 WOW takes flight from Miami 2:03 Education secretary DeVos tours FIU 0:25 Tennis star Simona Halep surprises 8-year-old girl with video message 0:33 'They bought your cabinet position, secretary': Protester follows Betsy DeVos at FIU Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 hours ago Rhino iguana captured by Venom One in northwest Miami-Dade 0:27 7 hours ago Rhino iguana captured by Venom One in northwest Miami-Dade 2:03 7 days ago Government-paid hunter tracks invasive Burmese pythons 1:51 13 days ago Stunning and removing non-native fish stocks in the Everglades View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the latest news on national, state and local politics. View all newsletters Environment Keys fishing guides send a message to Tallahassee: Help! Hanging out at Walmart? A rhino iguana Sea snail with spider-like power is Florida’s latest creepy exotic species With land deal on the line, UM tries to clear path for Walmart in rare forest Negron offers compromise on Everglades reservoir — state-owned and leased land Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Man says he hugged and photographed women because they smiled at him: South Euclid Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on April 05, 2017 at 9:45 PM, updated April 05, 2017 at 9:47 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio Suspicious person, Cedar Road: Officers responded to Chipotle March 27 for a report of a man who was trying to hug random women and photographing them with a disposable camera. They found the University Heights man, 39, walking along the road, where he told them the women smiled at him so he felt the urge to hug them and photograph them. None of the women he had hugged chose to pursue the matter. He voluntarily went to Hillcrest Hospital for an evaluation because it appeared the medication he was taking for a psychiatric disorder was not working. Theft, Mayfield Road: A Cleveland man, 52, was arrested at Giant Eagle March 29 for the suspected theft of 25 bottles of 5-Hour Energy that he concealed in his shirt. The total value of the theft was $74.52. Theft, Mayfield Road: A Willoughby woman, 27, was arrested at Giant Eagle March 29 for possession of drug paraphernalia and theft. A Mentor woman, 26, was also charged with obstruction of justice and possession of drug paraphernalia. One of the women's father was also a suspect, but not charged. He said all of them have drug problems. Inside their vehicle was located a plastic bag with a white powdery substance, glass pipe, syringes and two vials of an unknown liquid. Noise complaint, Hinsdale Drive: Three residents were cited for unnecessary noises after officers responded to their home at 2:30 a.m. March 25 for a report of a loud party. The men, ages 20-21, were told they would be cited again if any further noise complaints were found to be valid. Assault, Warrensville Center Road: A man reported March 24 he was stabbed in the back by his ex-girlfriend while they were in her vehicle. He said she had wanted to rekindle their relationship and when he refused and tried to leave the vehicle, she stabbed him. He was taken to the hospital for treatment. Officers spoke to the Euclid woman the following day. She said the man wanted to rekindle the relationship and he became combative when she refused. She said she did not know exactly how he was stabbed because it happened so fast and the vehicle was in motion. The man chose not to press charges, but said he would seek a protection order. Violation of temporary protection order, Gable Lane: A woman reported March 21 she was being indirectly harassed on social media by a woman, whom she has a protection order against due to a lengthy history of harassment. She said she would pursue charges against the California woman, 32, if it was proven she was the one who anonymously posted the messages on the Internet. Weapons offense, Warrensville Center Road: A man reported March 24 a man he is familiar with pointed a gun at him while he was leaving Mr. B's Beverage after they exchanged words. Officers spoke to the suspect, a 23-year-old South Euclid man, who was still at the store with a six-month-old child in his car. He said he had the gun for protection because the other man robbed him in 2011. The gun was located and the man was charged with carrying a concealed weapon and child endangering. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A woman reported March 25 she accidentally left her wallet on a bench outside a restroom at Walmart and it was missing when she returned for it. Surveillance video showed a woman pick up the wallet and put it into her purse before entering the restroom. She later called police after hearing there was a video posted of her at Walmart on the South Euclid Police Department Facebook page. She said she picked up the wallet and subsequently turned it over to an employee. Officers found no evidence on surveillance video that she had. The wallet was said to contain credit cards and $180 cash. The incident is under investigation. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A woman was cited at Walmart for theft March 25 and released. Later, another woman called the station and reported her sister had been cited for theft at Walmart and used her identity. She said her sister told her the only reason she wasn't arrested was because she provided false information about her identity. Officers contacted the woman they cited at Walmart and strongly encouraged her to show up at court to resolve the matter so a warrant would not be issued under her sister's name. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Cleveland Heights man, 58, was arrested at Walmart March 29 for the suspected theft of eight packages of meat products, valued at $96.43. He later complained of chest pains and was taken to the hospital, based on the advice of paramedics. Theft, Grosvenor Road: A resident said March 30 her vehicle had been entered while it was parked in her driveway overnight and a small purse was taken from it. She believed she had left the vehicle unlocked, despite there being no signs of forced entry. She was unsure if there was any cash in the purse but said it did contain her Social Security card. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: Two girls were suspected of stealing merchandise from Walmart March 29 by concealing it in their purses. Walmart management, for unspecified reasons, only chose to press charges against one of the girls. The Cleveland girl, 17, was later released to her adult sister. See more South Euclid news at Cleveland.com/south-euclid. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » South Euclid & Lyndhurst news in your inbox Sign up for our South Euclid & Lyndhurst newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. South Euclid & Lyndhurst HS Sports Latest Brush HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Things to Read Shop Local Spring Arts Home Blogtown, PDX Savage Love I, Anonymous News Music Fashion Film Food&Drink Cannabis Art Comedy Books Theater Sports Feature Things to Do Resistance & Solidarity Pizza Week Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Comedy Theater&Dance Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Festivals Cannabis Events Fashion Restaurants Bars&Clubs Cannabis Directory Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Shop Local Spring Arts Home Blogtown, PDX Savage Love I, Anonymous News Music Fashion Film Food&Drink Cannabis Art Comedy Books Theater Sports Feature Print Archives Things To Do Resistance & Solidarity Pizza Week Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Comedy Theater&Dance Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Festivals Cannabis Events Fashion Restaurants Bars&Clubs Cannabis Directory Other Things Merc Tickets MercPerks Account Log in Sign up BLOGTOWN News • City Hall • $$$ Portland's All Done Investing in Corporations—And That Will Cost Us by Dirk VanderHart • Apr 5, 2017 at 6:35 pm Tweet Commissioner Dan Saltzman is tired of talking about which corporations the City of Portland should or shouldn't invest in. "There are a lot of issues I’m not getting work done on today," Saltzman said this afternoon, near the end of a lengthy hearing on a controversial new city investment policy. "I don't really want to have to do this once or twice a year and have the same discussion over 21 companies." If not all of Saltzman's colleagues shared specifically that sentiment, two of them agreed with what he was driving at. In a 3-2 vote that is among the more divided of this group of elected officials, the council voted to make it the city's official policy not to invest in corporations going forward. In doing so, the council sideswiped a proposed strategy that would have moved the city's investment decisions behind closed doors—a prospect that made many commissioners and an overwhelming number of vocal audience members uncomfortable. Rather than wallow in acrimony, council decided to be done with corporate investments altogether. The vote means a number of things: •That the City of Portland's in no danger of putting money into companies like Nestlé, Wells Fargo, Walmart, Caterpillar, and sundry others that a group of citizen advisers have dubbed the "worst of the worst" in terms of corporate actors. Not long ago, the city created a "do-not-buy" list where it slapped companies it wanted nothing to do with (Walmart, Chevron, and Exxon all had homes there). But when a council-appointed Socially Responsible Investments Committee (SRIC) pressed council late last year to put nine more companies on the list, commissioners balked, worrying about the message that would have sent. Instead, the council made a temporary decision not to invest in corporations, which it formally enshrined today—partly because Saltzman was sick of talking about it. •It also means that Portland won't be taking a proactive stand against companies that do some objectionable things. Advocates for explicitly calling out certain corporations argue that those companies take a PR hit when a large city calls them out as toxic that's greater than any risk to their bottom line (see: Seattle pulling the plug on Wells Fargo). As SRIC member Hyung Nam told the Mercury recently: "It's not about the financial impact. It's about the public image that these corporations care about so much." Simply not investing in any corporate bonds—which was the city's standard operating procedure less than a decade ago—doesn't send that same message. •Portland is also going to lose out on some cash, though exactly how much isn't clear. City Treasurer Jennifer Cooperman said at the hearing that not investing in corporate securities could mean $3.5 million less in city coffers this fiscal year, and perhaps a larger hit next year. But that number is based on corporate bond returns versus lower performing US Treasury Bonds, Cooperman acknowledged to the Mercury after the hearing. That's a standard way of analyzing investment choices, Cooperman says, but the treasurer also acknowledged in a February memo that it is a "worst case." She wrote that other investments, like US Agency Bonds, are more lucrative, meaning the loss she spoke of at today's hearing isn't set in stone. Still, the city can probably expect to take some financial hit, which was a big reason why Mayor Ted Wheeler forcefully opposed eliminating corporate investments. "I really don't like the idea of completely getting out of corporate," said Wheeler, the former state treasurer, who rattled off a list of things that the lost money could pay for. "I just think they hit us too hard." Rather than divestment, which Wheeler called a "blunt instrument," he used a lengthy speech to advocate that people (and the city) make more ethical purchasing choices, and suggested that there are people who will advocate divesting from any company. "Do you use a Visa or Mastercard? Because if you do according to some you’re feeding the beast," Wheeler said. The mayor pretty clearly wanted to move ahead with the proposal he'd brought forward. It would have scrapped all public discussion about which companies the city should invest in, and instead used a secretive ratings system that evaluates companies on their environmental, social, and governmental practices. The city would have been legally prohibited from sharing those ratings or its rationales with citizens. Not a single person in the audience testified in favor. They called on the city to be a leader in social justice, suggesting companies' complicity in projects like the Dakota Access Pipe Line or funding private prisons needed to be highlighted. The most forceful testimony came from Katrina Scotto di Carlo, a founder of Supportland and member of the SRIC. She was angry that council had refused to accept a report her committee submitted last September. "I went through emotional battering on that committee," Scotto di Carlo said, speaking of the research she did into companies' bad practices. "I had to read about crap that I hope no one else in this room has to read about." She used the indentured servitude of fishermen in Southeast Asia as an example, and said her group had truly picked the worst nine companies it could find. "We only put nine on the list—that’s incredible," she said. "Unbelievable that you guys didn’t adopt the report." Council split assunder pretty quickly when it came time to decide. Commissioner Chloe Eudaly most clearly agreed with the activists on hand. She'd even tried to introduce amendments that would have explicitly put Nestle, Caterpillar, and the Bank of New York Mellon onto the do-not-buy list, and left leeway to add more. When Wheeler recently called for Portland to be a sanctuary city, Eudaly told him, "you said that Portland would be a beacon of hope and set the standard for the country. I would argue that we have another opportunity here to set another standard." Supporting the secretive investments system were Wheeler and Commissioner Amanda Fritz, who also was concerned about lost cash. Saltzman and Commissioner Nick Fish came down on the side of doing away with corporate investments entirely (though Fish made clear he was cool going the secret route)—a compromise Eudaly found she could live with. So there you have it! We're done with corporate investments—at least until next year, when the city is bound by state law to pass an investment policy again. Subscribe to The Portland Mercury's newsletter Subscribe You might also be interested in these: Randy Rainbow "Interviews" Ivanka Trump by Wm.™ Steven Humphrey This Week's Style Events by Elizabeth Mollo The Fate of Portland's Renter Relocation Protections Is Still Up in the Air by Claire Holley Most Popular in Blogtown The Fate of Portland's Renter Relocation Protections Is Still Up in the Air by Claire Holley This Week's Style Events by Elizabeth Mollo Good Morning, News: The ACLU, Wheeler's Pepsi Scare, and the Portland Pickles by Doug Brown As Republicans Head for "Nuclear Option," Twitter Gets Hot by Wm.™ Steven Humphrey Right 2 Dream Too Is Moving to the Rose Quarter by Dirk VanderHart If You Give A Cop A Pepsi... by Ijeoma Oluo Portland's All Done Investing in Corporations—And That Will Cost Us by Dirk VanderHart Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Mercury Ticketing Buy tickets to events around Portland MercPerks Great deals on local businesses This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Jobs at Portland Mercury Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 115 SW Ash St. Suite 600, Portland, OR 97204 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 115 SW Ash St. Suite 600, Portland, OR 97204 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Local News City 'leaking' $245M in retail sales Council hears results of retail analytics study By Jenni Grubbs Times Staff Writer Posted:   04/05/2017 06:44:07 PM MDT Fort Morgan's retail trade area is shown in yellow on this map created by TheRetailCoach for the city of Fort Morgan. The 2016 estimate for total consumers within this retail trade area was 38,227 with an average household income of $64,907, according to Aaron Farmer from TheRetailCoach. (TheRetailCoach / Courtesy map) Fort Morgan businesses draw from a "retail trade area" with a population of more than 38,000, according to the results of a retail analytics study commissioned by the city. The identified retail trade area is the geographical area where this community's businesses get about 85 percent of their business, explained Aaron Farmer from TheRetailCoach. But of the $624 million in potential retail sales that trade area and its 38,000-plus customers could generate, the city is benefiting from an estimated $379 million in actual retail sales, according to Aaron Farmer from TheRetailCoach. He called the difference between the potential and actual retail sales the trade area's "leakage" or "gap." There was no surprise as to the source of that leakage, with people reporting that they were heading out of town to visit national chain restaurants and clothing stores that were not available in Fort Morgan, Farmer told the Fort Morgan City Council Tuesday night while delivering his company's retail study findings. "We know that quite a bit of retail dollars are leaving the community and heading west," he said. "You just don't have all of the retail, all of the restaurants that people leave town for." Advertisement The findings Farmer presented were based on gathering and sorting through many different kinds of data, all with a goal to "really get a feel for the market and really understand where are consumers coming from that are shopping and eating here, that are coming from outside of Fort Morgan," he told the council. "We know you've got that city limits population, that town limits population, that is eating, shopping here on a regular basis. But we also know you are getting people from outside the community. We call that the retail trade area." How that was determined may sound "a little scary" or " a little Big Brother-ish," Farmer said, "but I think you'll understand the use of this." TheRetailCoach did a "cell phone analysis," he said. "If you're shopping at Walmart or you're shopping downtown, you get a phone call, an email or a text. We're actually able to track your home address based off of that," Farmer said. "We're not selling the information or doing anything like that. We're just using it to understand where your consumers are coming from." He showed the council a "heat map" that indicated the number of people coming from various areas in and outside of Morgan County and who had shopped at Walmart in Fort Morgan at least one time over the last year. "We can look at specific times of the year or just lunch time," Farmer explained, and the contractor had created many other maps and reports about where and when people were shopping or visiting the city's retail stores or restaurants. "38,227 people are shopping in Fort Morgan on a regular basis," he said. "We realize you're getting people from outside of this area." Of those people, average household incomes were nearly $65,000 and average ages were 37 to 38, and that is only a couple of the types of data in Farmer's report. "What we've done is we've literally put together hundreds of pages of reports," he told the council. "Hundreds of pages of demographic information that a retail developer or site selector would be interested in." Farmer also had some advice for the city. "When it comes to recruiting retail, when it comes to even working with your existing businesses, forget about the city limits population," he said. "Retailers want to know where are those consumers coming from. Going forward, focus on that trade area population, which is almost 39,000." Further, there could be opportunities for the city with recruiting large, chain restaurants or clothing stores, he said. "There's about $23.5 million in clothing dollars that are leaving on a yearly basis," Farmer said. "Probably why we already have a clothing store interested in looking at the market is they see that." Similarly, the city was leaking almost $21 million spent at sit-down chain restaurants. "That number of almost $21 million in leakage is going to interest some of those casual sit-down restaurants," he said. But now begins the work of actually recruiting new businesses and meeting with the existing ones to look for opportunities for expansion or change, according to both Farmer and Fort Morgan Community Services/Economic Development Director Josh Miller. "We've been working with TheRetailCoach now since November," Miller said. "It's been helpful, as we look to the future and where we need to focus our attention in retail attraction specifically and what that might look like. Aaron's work thus far has generated a variety of reports for us that have proven helpful to better understand our market area, what our retail market looks like, what our opportunities are." "Having these specific dollar amounts to take to these retailers I think is going to help," Farmer told the council. TheRetailCoach will continue to work with the Fort Morgan Economic Development Department on recruitment, retention and more, according to both Farmer and Miller. "Really there's a couple ways this gap analysis, this leakage analysis can be used," Farmer explained. "Number one, it's to recruit businesses in, to recruit retailers that are not here into the market. We want to work with existing businesses. That's the other way it can be used. We're going to be having a meeting with existing businesses, downtown merchants and some others in the next few months. If there's an opportunity for an existing store here to expand their business or expand and carry different items or brands that people are buying, that's another way. The third is obviously entrepreneur-ism, somebody coming into the market and opening up a business." City Manager Jeff Wells pointed out that the goal was not to bring in businesses to compete with the existing ones already here, but to capture the leakage to businesses in other trade areas. The city's contract with TheRetailCoach is for at least two years from last October, with an option for a third year. The contractor's services are being funded both by Fort Morgan capital improvement dollars and a grant from the Colorado Department of Local Affairs. Jenni Grubbs: jgrubbs@fmtimes.com or Twitter @JenniGrubbs This "heat map" shows where people came from to visit Walmart in Fort Morgan at least one time over a year. The the darker the red, the higher concentration of consumers that shopped at Walmart, according to cell phone data compiled by TheRetailCoach for the city of Fort Morgan. (TheRetailCoach / Courtesy map) Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Creator of "Boobies Rock" charity scam guilty in tax evasion case CDOT goes orange for National Work Zone Awareness Week Community Calendar   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live look at the NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC View of downtown Manhattan from the Brooklyn Bridge RADAR: Heavy rain and flooding in the Northeast Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Kittens nap and play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Cherry blossoms begin to bloom at Zojoji Temple Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live look at the beach surf in Lavalette, NJ More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Missing Tennessee teen's father seeks to depose witnesses in hopes of finding daughter By Catherine Thorbecke Close Follow on Twitter More from Catherine EMILY SHAPIRO Close Follow on Twitter More from Emily Apr 6, 2017, 11:45 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayThe Tennessee Bureau of Investigation WATCH 'Still in disbelief': Family holds candlelight vigil for missing Tennessee teen 0 Shares Email The father of a Tennessee teenager who was allegedly kidnapped by her former teacher filed a petition in court today, asking to depose witnesses who may know more about their purported relationship. Authorities believe 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas may have been abducted by Tad Cummins, 50, who is wanted on allegations of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. The court filing is asking for witnesses who may have any information that could aid authorities in their search for Elizabeth to be deposed. "The family cannot simply wait for information to trickle in," Jason Whatley, the attorney representing Anthony Thomas, Elizabeth's father, told ABC News today. "This petition will hopefully bring a fresh light into the disappearance of Elizabeth." The legal move comes more than three weeks after Elizabeth was reported missing on March 13. The only confirmed sighting of the pair was at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, two days after the pair disappeared. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said that Cummins, who was fired one day after the alleged kidnapping, "may have been abusing his role as a teacher to groom [the teen] ... in an effort to lure and potentially sexually exploit her." One of Elizabeth's schoolmates reported seeing her and Cummins kiss in his classroom on Jan. 23, according to a school district investigative report, but both denied the claim. A school report from January reads that neither one "admitted to behaving inappropriately towards the other." Whatley told ABC News that the family believes there are classmates, friends and teachers who may know more information that could help in the search for Elizabeth, but added that he feels some people may be intimidated or scared to talk to authorities. Dad of missing Tennessee teen who was allegedly abducted by teacher: 'Please come home to us' Walmart footage is best lead in Tennessee abduction case, expert says Whatley added in a statement that the "process of this investigation has been frustrating" for the Thomas family. "Perhaps the most concerning element has been the hesitancy of some persons to fully cooperate in sharing information that they know," Whatley said. "The purpose of our petition as filed today will hopefully put an end to that hesitancy displayed by some and will help us, as the family, to methodically confirm facts that have been at times unclear," he continued. "We have brought this petition for no purpose except to provide a vehicle for gathering information." Authorities are asking that anyone with information call 1-800-TBI-FIND and that anyone who sees a car with Tennessee license plate number 976-ZPT call 911. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Missing teen's father seeks to depose witnesses in hopes of finding daughter " US launches military strike on Syrian air base " Netanyahu: Trump 'sent strong message' with Syria strikes " Tillerson: Russia 'complicit' or 'incompetent' with Syria " Timeline of the Syrian civil war and US response " Rep. Devin Nunes steps away from Russia investigation amid ethics complaints " NY, NJ bombing suspect wants trial moved to Vermont " Trump faces major diplomatic test in summit with China's Xi Jinping " American charged after mock IED found at Toronto airport " Kansas firefighters, sergeant rescue injured bald eagle " Girl fighting cancer given American Girl doll with matching prosthetic leg " North Carolina bridesmaids trade bouquets for rescue puppies in wedding photos " Couple throws an epic state-fair-themed wedding complete with Ferris wheel, corn dogs " Hip, hip, hooray! Hippo born at the Memphis Zoo " Mattress flies into path of motorcycle going 50 mph in dramatic video " Firefighters name truck after baby left at station 11 years ago " Doctor works to create cancer-fighting video game in honor of late patient " 8-year-old with heart defect joins youth baseball team " High school junior takes his 93-year-old grandmother to prom " Firefighters honor family that returned lost wallet " Hillary Clinton attends 'War Paint' musical on Broadway " EU's Tusk, Britain's May seek smooth start to Brexit talks " Trump administration backs away from Baltimore police reform " LGBT worker ruling could boost push for Nebraska protections " Bannon calls reports of threat to quit 'absurd,' as insiders say otherwise " Trump counselor Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council role " Senate OKs 'nuclear option,' clears path for high court nomination vote " ANALYSIS: Senate's 'nuclear option' may have lasting consequences " 'Friends' star David Schwimmer and his wife are taking 'time apart' " Mel B's estranged husband Stephen Belafonte denies abuse allegations " Iraqi city still suffering 5 months after IS was run out " School principal resigns after student newspapers' probe into her credentials " 'Duck Dynasty' stars reveal family divide in Trump support " Richard Simmons signs new licensing deal " Parenting hack: How to make homemade slime for kids " Avocado-only restaurant arrives in Brooklyn
Friday, April 7th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Getting Your Lenten Fish Fix | Where To Go Youngstown residents: Weigh in on East, Chan... 1:10 a.m. Fri SYRIA LIVE | Russian, Iranian troops mixed i... 11:06 p.m. Thu Trumbull County tallies 13 more overdoses in... 10:55 p.m. Thu Fired prosecutor's personnel file shows few ... 10:55 p.m. Thu SYRIA LIVE | Syrian civil war from 2011 till... 10:45 p.m. Thu SYRIA LIVE | Tillerson heading to Moscow nex... 10:38 p.m. Thu all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Three charged following generator theft | Print Tweet Published: Fri, April 7, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. Staff report CANFIELD A woman was arrested Wednesday for providing false evidence to police last month. Angelica Roman, 43, of Ravenna, told police a stolen generator was a gift from her father. City police had seized the generator during a traffic stop on state Route 46 at 3:30 a.m. March 17. Jonathan English, 36, of Ravenna, told police he was traveling to the Salem Walmart to purchase a part for his generator, but the officer detected inconsistencies in his story. His uncle Robert English, 55, also of Ravenna, was in the car as well. Roman came to the station to ask police to return the generator. Detectives later determined that the generator had come from the Walmart at 6001 Mahoning Ave in Austintown. Surveillance footage showed two men affixing a UPC label to the generator so that the $488 item would only cost $9.87. The men also stole an iPhone 6S, police said. The Austintown Police Department issued warrants on March 27 for Robert and Jonathan English on charges of felony theft. Robert English was arrested on Monday. Jonathan English has not been processed. Canfield police arrested Roman on charges of falsification on Wednesday. Other stories of interest Trumbull coroner says office is overwhelmed with overdoses Ex-boxing champ Pavlik gets into drug court program Desmond insubordination alleged Friends, colleagues fondly recall longtime news anchor Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Local News Fort Morgan Police Department Posted:   04/06/2017 07:42:22 PM MDT Editor's Note: The Fort Morgan Times relies on reports from law enforcement to create the blotter. All charges are alleged by law enforcement and may not reflect the charges filed by the court. All individuals are considered innocent until proven guilty by the law.March 16 Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the corner of Platte and Prospect. Virginia Chalk, 88, of New Raymer was charged with failure to drive in designated lane. March 20 Maria Lechuga, 42, of Fort Morgan was released on a summons to appear for dog at large. Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident a the corner of Barlow and Platte. Jeffrey Horst, 44, of Sydney, Nebraska was charged with making a turn from the wrong lane. Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident in the 600 block of Sherman Street. Eulalia Tomas-Manuel, 29, of Brush was charged with careless driving. March 22 Raeann Rodriquez, 31, of Brush and Jessica Mendoza, 25, of Fort Morgan were released on a summons to appear on the charge of harassment in the 800 block of Nancy Street. March 24 Officers investigated the theft of a $797 iPhone 7 from the 300 block of East Platte Avenue. March 25 Jeron Petterson, 18, of Fort Morgan and Blake Boyer, 18, of Brush were released on summons to appear on the charges of theft and shoplifting at Walmart on Barlow Road. March 26 Daniel Carbajal, 24, of Los Lunas, New Mexico was arrested for disorderly conduct in the 100 block of Main Street. $300 bond. Advertisement Octavio Alberto Castaneda-Ambriz, 20, of Fort Morgan was arrested for DUI, weaving, open container and underage consumption in the 1200 block of Main Street. $1,000 bond. Police investigated a no injury traffic accident at the corner of Beaver and Pleasant. Aline Mukashema, 27, of Fort Morgan was charged with careless driving. March 27 David Perez, 54, transient, was arrested in the 400 block of Main Street for violation of a protection order. No bond. March 28 Officers took a criminal mischief report after tires valued at $1,000 were damaged in the 1200 block of 8th Street. March 31 Darwin Secrist, 59, of Fort Morgan was arrested for DUI, violation of a restraining order and driving with a license under restraint. No bond. Ann Barrera, 20, of Log Lane was released on a summons to appear for shoplifting at Walmart. Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the corner of Riverview and Main. Irene Vargas-Garcia, 17, of Fort Morgan was charged with careless driving. April 1 Jennifer Vasquez, 20, of Fort Morgan was arrested for DUI and consumption of alcohol by an underage person in the 300 block of Sherman. $1,000 bond. April 2 Shewitt Okubamichael, 35, of Fort Morgan was arrested for assault, unlawfully carrying of a concealed weapon, disorderly conduct, harassment, obstructing police and resisting arrest in the 100 block of Kiowa. No bond. Juan Mendez, 22, of Brush was arrested for DUI, weaving and riving when license suspended near the intersection of East Riverview and Vickie Street. No bond. James Rivera, 41, transient, was arrested for possession of a Schedule II controlled substance and on a failure to comply warrant in the 400 block of East Railroad. No bond. Abdi IImi, 28, of Fort Morgan was arrested for loud noise in the 200 block of Kiowa. $300 bond. Yony Lira-Benavidez, 32, of Wiggins was arrested for DUI, weaving and driving when license revoked in the 800 block of Main Street. No bond. April 3 Shawn Gliem, 37, of Fort Morgan was released on a summons to appear for shoplifting at 7-11 located at 703 E. Platte. Officers investigated the report of a stolen computer valued at $1,200 from the 300 block of Walnut. Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Creator of "Boobies Rock" charity scam guilty in tax evasion case CDOT goes orange for National Work Zone Awareness Week Community Calendar   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
null
Home Regions Erongo Hardap Karas Kavango East Kavango West Khomas Kunene Ohangwena Omaheke Omusati Oshana Oshikoto Otjozondjupa Zambezi Politics Education Business & Finance Business Finance Court & Crime VIDEO Search 9.4 C Windhoek, NA Friday, April 7, 2017 NEPC eNews Portal eNewspapers (e-paper) Mobile Applications Advertise on New Era NEPC Contact Us Vacancies New Era Weekend Kundana The Southern Times Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. New Era Newspaper Namibia Home Regions AllErongoHardapKarasKavango EastKavango WestKhomasKuneneOhangwenaOmahekeOmusatiOshanaOshikotoOtjozondjupaZambezi Kavango West Teenage pregnancies high in Nkurenkuru Crime and Courts Rundu teen makes second appearance today Kavango East Another baby drowns in water bucket Crime and Courts Teen, 14, kills sibling in tussle over cellphone Politics National Swapo urges members to abide by party rules Politics Speaker to lead Namibian MPs to IPU Politics PM ‘not to blame’ for oil storage facility costs Politics The dangers of underpaid politicians Politics MPs urged to do more on disability Education Education Sixty-two graduate from IOL Education National school ranking system to be abolished Education A look at IUM’s new campus Education Education minister calls for parental involvement Education Learners should strive for excellence – education director Business & Finance AllBusinessFinance Business & Finance Dual currency funding absorbs liquidity shocks in African real estate market Business & Finance Making sense of banking terms Business & Finance Make that salary increase work for you Business & Finance Meet the N$100-million-dollar lady Court & Crime Crime and Courts Baby hacked to death in Kavango Crime and Courts N$300 000 bail for rhino suspects Crime and Courts 63 years for double murderer Crime and Courts City clamps down on noise pollution Crime and Courts Police officer found guilty of murder VIDEO NEW ERA VIDEO Video: Tweya discusses social media use NEW ERA VIDEO GIPF Ceo explains Osona housing investment NEW ERA VIDEO Nafpu on the start of the premier league Crime and Courts City clamps down on noise pollution NEW ERA VIDEO Mannetti explains team selection Home Archived Starting the Vision 2030 Engine Archived National Starting the Vision 2030 Engine February 20, 2006 0 7 tweet By Prof Monish Gunawardna Five years have passed since our Government declared the V-2030 national human development agenda that is designed to uplift Namibia as a highly developed nation such as Japan or the United States. To me, this is an attainable goal. But, as President Hifikepunye Pohamba recently rightly cautioned, still we have only 25 years left. Now people want to see how this vision is going to reduce their poverty and bring a better life for their children. Tangible Results If we could start the Vision 2030 engine in 2006, then after five years (by 2010), an ordinary Namibian should be able to fulfil his basic family needs and his employable children would bee employed. People’s buying power is increased. This means that our vision has begun to deliver tangible results. Now the mission becomes a messiah for the grass-root level people. This is one way to measure the success of the vision. The next yardstick is the steady growth of Gross Domestic Product (GDP). In 2006, the GDP is around N$12.5 and the growth is 3.8%. Let us imagine that by 2010, the GDP has risen to N$16 billion and the growth has increased to 7 percent. This growth will generate more jobs, improve insfrasture and increase investments, then people passionately will love and defend the vision. They don’t think of the vision as a rhetoric slogan. By increasing the GDP growth to 9.5%, continuously over 20 years, China could rescue 40% of the population from dire poverty and be reborn as a global economic powerhouse. It is valid for Namibia, too. Guiding Principles I believe that the V-2030 Project can be guided by the following five principles. (1) Government-Led Growth – Namibia’s growth is to be initiated by the State, mobilizing the resources of the Government and private sector. By utilizing the annual budgets, monetary and fiscal policies, during the NDP3-period (2006-10) (NDP-3), Namibia can easily leap ahead to industrialization (2) Identifying Core Economic Sectors – China is the ‘Global Factory.’ Its manufacturing industries are based on the massive capital, technological expertise, raw materials and energy. India is the ‘Global Service Hub” that focuses on software products, telecom, and business process outsourcing. They are 52% of the GDP. Japan’s focus is knowledge-intensive industries: microelectronics, automobiles and robotics. The USA thrives on advanced technologic industries, IT, pharmaceuticals, energy, and an efficient service sector. Among the world’s 10 biggest companies, four of them are owned by the USA (Walmart, Exxcon Mobil, Ford Motors, General Electric). They annually inject around US$1,000 billion to the American economy. In 2006, we should promote viable Competitive Economic Sectors (CES) for the V2030-Plan of Action. (3) Skill Development – The NDP-3 (2006-2010) will demand a more knowledgeable workforce. Our education system doesn’t produce them. Now, let us design short-term trade courses through the vocational training centers. Moreover, select 100 B. Degree holders (including Art/ Social Science graduates) and provide 12 months’ management training. They will be our future knowledge workers. In the 1980’s India recruited thousands of Art Degree holders for the three-year science degrees such as Bachelor of Information Technology and Bio Technology. (4) Attracting Foreign Direct Investment – When government starts the engine of growth, youth will become knowledgeable though fast track courses and apprenticeships. Identified economic sectors will produce highly marketable quality products and services. This success story will fly across all continents. In the mean time, government should remove the investment barriers such as profit exporting, registrations and lethargic immigration rules. Also, it is vital to establish a ‘Single-Window for Speedy Clearance’ for our investors. Then, more local and foreign investors, even multilateral donors, will open their moneybags. Economic success encourages investors’ confidence! (5) Managing HIV/Aids – Nearly 20% of our population is HIV positive. The impact of AIDS on the V-2030 is still not property studied. We have tabled the National HIV/AIDS Strategic Plan 2004-2009 to minimize the spread of HIV and mitigate the impact of AIDS. The time scale of the plan is 60 months and only 37 months are left. If NACOP can provide bi-annual progress reports of the MTP-111 to the NPC, they can restructure activities of the V-2030 Plan of Action to manage the impact of AIDS. Service Industries for Namibia Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) or Back Office Service is a growing economic sector in the world that provides services to clients across the world. These services are Writing Software Applications, Utility Bill Processing. Airline Booking, Medical-Record Handling, Data Processing, Data Warehousing, Call Centers and Research. Indian big BPOs like Wipro, Office Tiger, Infosis, provide back office service to the world’s big companies such as HSBC, American Express, British Airways, IBM. This sector employs thousands of graduates and covers 51% of the GDP. Furthermore, the Identification Products (bio-metric), Security Printing, Financial Services, Retail Industry, Private Medical Care and Leisure-Services are related to the service sector. Africa’s Back Office Let us leapfrog. Namibia should plan to become the Service-Hub of Africa. We can use our excellent infrastructure, state-of-the-art telecommunications network, efficient financial sector, easily trainable Namibian youth and political stability to establish a high-tech service sector. This sector will bring unimaginable wealth to our economy. Except South Africa and Egypt, we are ahead of other African countries. We have an easily manageable population and an abundance of unused natural resources. Namibia upholds and defends parliamentary democracy. Therefore, if we use our business acumen and best ethical management practices, this nation has enormous potential to become a success story for the third world. And, as President Pohamba said, “We have to do something now.” Hence, without wasting our time in never-ending discussions and debates, let us do something that our people can see. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMTC Signs Up with Motorola Next articleComing – Trans Kalahari Express 35,514FollowersFollow 12,763FollowersFollow #TRENDING Sports add flavour to Police Day February 23, 2015 Lüderitz murderer jailed for 16 years March 30, 2017 Police officer found guilty of murder April 3, 2017 Double murder accused complains about poor prison diet March 29, 2017 Load more #EPAPER #COMMENTS valerie joseph on One Economy Foundation to provide collateral-free loans: “who can I contact for more info about the one economy foundation giving collateral free loans as I want to…” Apr 3, 13:40 Shapange Paulus on Multimillion-dollar seal factory to be built in Lüderitz: “applying for health assistant post” Apr 1, 18:57 #WEATHER Windhoek,NA clear sky enter location 9.4 ° C 9.4 ° 9.4 ° 80% 1.7kmh 0% Sat 25 ° Sun 25 ° Mon 19 ° Tue 23 ° Wed 25 ° #TAGS 2014 elections Agriculture AR bail boxing court crime Death drought DTA ecn Education elections farmers FNB food fraud GBV HIV Land MTC murder namibia NamibiaVotes2015 NFA NHE NPL police poverty rape RDP Rugby Rundu SADC school SPYL strike SWAPO Teachers Theft Tsumeb UNAM Walvis Bay Water WBO Follow us on Instagram @neweranewspaper ABOUT USNew Era Newspaper Namibia A Product of NEPC Daniel Tjongarero House C/o Dr. W.Kulz & Kerby Street Telephone: +264 61 273300 Fax: +264 61 220584 Partner Links: Contact us: newsroom@nepc.com.na FOLLOW US Returns Policy Cookie Statement Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 New Era Publication Corporation. Developed by Loop Technologies MORE STORIES Budget under-utilisation stunts development August 30, 2013 0 Feud Splits Nama Community March 14, 2007 0 Review Communal Land Act – Expert September 15, 2006 0 16 Years Seem Like a Few Days Ago March 20, 2006 0
Slate Sign In Sign Up Paul Ryan’s Precious Tax Reform Plan Is All But Dead Paul Ryan’s Precious Tax Reform Plan Is All But Dead Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Moneybox A blog about business and economics. April 6 2017 7:45 PM Paul Ryan’s Tax Reform Plan Was Actually Kind of Clever. It Never Had a Chance. By Jordan Weissmann   Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley pretty much just sentenced Paul Ryan’s tax plan to death. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images It may already be time to pour one out for Paul Ryan’s beloved tax reform plan. Jordan Weissmann Jordan Weissmann is Slate’s senior business and economics correspondent. The House speaker’s scheme for overhauling the corporate tax code has been looking increasingly imperiled over the past couple months thanks to a steady onslaught by skeptical Senate Republicans. Ignoring Ryan’s pleas to “keep their powder dry,” lawmakers like Georgia’s David Perdue and Tom Cotton of Arkansas have trashed the proposal’s controversial centerpiece, an idea known as border adjustment that would effectively tax imports while subsidizing exports. Advertisement Opponents of the Ryan plan, especially retailers, have argued it would hurt American shoppers, who’d have to pay more for foreign-made goods—which is to say, pretty much 90 percent of their shopping cart at Walmart. A few members have suggested Ryan’s proposal would be dead on arrival in the upper chamber. “The House is talking about a tax plan that won’t get 10 votes in the Senate,” Sen. Lindsey Graham said back in February. But the most damning comments yet may have come from Senate Finance Committee member Chuck Grassley, who according to Bloomberg BNA told reporters this week that border adjustment opponents didn’t have “anything to worry about” because the committee wasn’t going to indulge Ryan’s plan. “If the Senate starts working on a tax bill of its own, you aren't going to hear anything about border adjustment in the Senate Finance Committee,” Grassley said. Get Slate in your inbox. Those words sound a lot like a death sentence. Grassley is an influential former chairman of the Finance Committee, which would play a central role in any GOP tax reform effort. If he says it’s a nonstarter, it’s probably a nonstarter. (The current chairman, Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, has been more diplomatic, saying that while the committee would “certainly have to look at it,” he had “real reservations” about border adjustment and that the idea would be “difficult” to push through the Senate). How did Ryan misfire so badly? For all the flak I’ve given the man for his ostentatious faux wonkish-ness, his main mistake this time seems to have been embracing a clever, economically elegant idea that’s way too out there to survive contact with Capitol Hill, or any other part of the real world. Advertisement Border adjustment is the key element of Ryan’s plan to replace the current corporate income tax with what’s known as a Destination Based Cash Flow Tax. The DBCFT had unusually nonpartisan roots. Its chief intellectual architect in the U.S. was University of California–Berkeley economist Alan Auerbach, a former adviser to John Kerry’s presidential campaign, who outlined the idea in a white paper published by the liberal Center for American Progress. Auerbach envisioned the DBCFT as a way to modernize corporate taxes for a world where companies like Google and Apple avoid the IRS by shifting their profits overseas to countries with lower rates. In essence, the DBCFT would have turned the U.S. itself into a gigantic corporate tax haven, like Ireland on steroids. First, Washington would effectively tax imports by preventing companies from deducting them as business expenses. At the same time, the U.S. would subsidize exports by exempting them from taxation entirely. While this sounds like some sort of protectionist fever dream come to life, Auerbach and many other economists argue that the combination would cause the value of the dollar to rise enough to negate any effects on trade. Walmart might have to pay a de facto 20 percent tariff on T-shirts from China. But thanks to a rising dollar, those T-shirts would cost 20 percent less to buy from manufacturers, meaning the company wouldn’t have to eat any extra costs or pass them on to customers. What does this have to do with making the U.S. a tax haven? For starters, taxing all sales in the U.S., including imports, would theoretically kill the incentive for companies that do most of their business here—like, say, drugmakers or Burger King—to move their corporate headquarters overseas as a tax-avoidance scheme. At the same time, exempting all exports from taxes may have encouraged some foreign companies to set up shop here. That’s because most of the world operates on what’s known as a territorial system, where governments tax companies only on profits generated within their own borders. (The U.S. currently has a modified worldwide system, meaning we try to tax corporations on profits earned anywhere.) In a DBCFT world, if Mercedes moved a car plant to the U.S. and then shipped those cars elsewhere, they’d pay neither German nor U.S. taxes. Would moves like that happen often in practice? Not necessarily—companies tend to care more about labor costs than taxes when picking spots for factories, which is why low-tax Ireland tends to attract holding companies that barely exist beyond paper rather than actual production facilities. But at least companies would have a reason to call the U.S. home rather than flee. Advertisement Advocates of border adjustment would sometimes hint at all this by suggesting it would make the U.S. more globally competitive. As House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady put it to Vox, the plan would create “major incentives for businesses to locate that new plant, that new research, that new intellectual property here in the United States, whether they are trying to access the U.S. market or the world market.” But border adjustment was a key part of the Republican tax plan for another reason: It would raise a lot of money, more than $1 trillion over a decade according to policy analysts, a windfall that would help finance a massive cut bringing the top corporate rate from 35 percent to just 20 percent. Because that revenue would come from a tariff that would be balanced out by currency adjustments, in a lot of ways it looked like free money. Assuming the dollar rises in value, the losers aren’t Walmart or shoppers or even major exporters, like farmers, who are spared the tax. Instead, companies that earn a lot of profits overseas in foreign currencies (think Apple, which sells a lot of phones in China and tends to keep its profits abroad) and investors that hold foreign-denominated assets (think anybody who owns European stocks) would bear the brunt of the DBCFT. Unfortunately for Ryan and fans of academically advanced taxation concepts, retailers like Walmart and Lowes don’t feel like risking their existence on an untested macroeconomic hunch that the dollar will appreciate in response to a combination of tariffs and subsidies. If it doesn’t, they’d potentially be forced to tack on the cost of border adjustments to their merchandise—if they didn’t hike their prices, they’d potentially end up with tax bills larger than their profits. And so companies have attacked the DBCFT as a stealth sales tax. Perdue, the former CEO of Dollar General, has said that “a border adjustment tax is a tax on low income and middle-income consumers—it hammers them.” Cotton, meanwhile, has called the notion that the dollar will appreciate “a theory wrapped in a speculation inside a guess.” The Arkansas senator added, “Just because an economist slaps an equation on a blackboard doesn’t make it real. I’m concerned that these predictions simply won’t pan out.” Top Comment May all his dreams die the black death.  More... Join In It’s tempting to characterize the foundering of the DBCFT as parochial special-interest politics winning out over sound policy thinking. But whether or not Cotton has carefully thought through the ins and outs of this issue, he actually has a point. First, not every country allows its currency to float freely against the dollar (see: China), which means textbook theories based on freely adjustable exchange rates shouldn't fully apply. Currency traders might also hesitate to price in the tax change, because it’s not obvious it would be permanent. There’s an active debate about whether the border adjustments envisioned as part of the DBCFT would violate World Trade Organization rules. Given that the whole point would be to make the U.S. a destination for legal tax avoidance, it would almost certainly draw challenges from foreign governments, putting its long-term prospects in question. It stands to reason as well that the prospect of a rapidly appreciating greenback would affect the demand for dollar-denominated assets, which would further mess with foreign exchange rates in hard-to-predict ways. So, the Ryan plan’s naysayers aren’t wrong when they fret about unintended consequences. In any event, their fears seem to be carrying the day, as tends to happen when people propose massive public policy changes that could potentially hurt powerful stakeholders. DBCFT, we hardly knew ye. Giphy   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2017 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Discover: Natural Products Expo Engredea Esca Bona NEXT Store Delicious Living More Menu Log In or Register News Products and Trends Market Data and Analysis Ingredients Health and Nutrition Research People and Company Profiles Business Resources Natural Products Expo Engredea Esca Bona NEXT Store Delicious Living Subscribe to NBJ Newsletters About Us Contact Advertise Standards Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent The personalized nutrition movement may have found its next disruptor in Habit Apr 06, 2017 Plants, drugs and drinks: Another healthy year for M&A in U.S. nutrition industry Apr 06, 2017 What we really want in a leader Apr 05, 2017 NBJ honors GNC's Mike Archbold for his efforts on behalf of the industry Apr 05, 2017 Peter Lassen: 40 years in and going strong Apr 04, 2017 Featured American Heart Association says fish oil works—for some people Mar 23, 2017 Amy's organic, vegetarian drive thru off to a strong start Mar 20, 2017 Expected and confirmed: Consumers swayed by 'all natural' food labels Mar 17, 2017 Build your tribe, boost your business Apr 04, 2017 NBJ brought to you by Business Resources>Retail and Distribution NBJ honors GNC's Mike Archbold for his efforts on behalf of the industry When GNC was burdened with a damning investigation, Archbold saw an opportunity to unite the entire industry. Bill Giebler | Apr 05, 2017 On Monday morning, February 2, 2015, six months into his career with GNC, CEO Michael Archbold received a notification from New York Attorney General (NYAG) Eric Schneiderman calling on the company to “cease and desist engaging in the sale of adulterated and/or mislabeled herbal dietary supplements, and in particular to immediately stop the sale of five ‘Herbal Plus’ dietary supplements…” That notification, and much of what happened in the following months, sent Archbold on a mission for industry reform that reshaped how retailers, producers and trade groups approach product transparency. Archbold had stepped in mid-2014 after a successful customer experience and financial performance turnaround for women’s clothing retailer Talbots (as well as executive positions with many national retailers including Vitamin Shoppe). GNC brought him on as they experienced slowing sales growth, and stock value began to grow immediately. But fortunes change.  On July 28th, 2016, days before his second anniversary at GNC, Archbold was replaced due to decreasing revenue. The NYAG investigation and resulting compliance and transparency efforts formed a dominant element of his tenure with the company.  GNC was one of four companies named in the AG’s investigation. Walgreens, Walmart and Target were also found to be selling adulterated and mislabeled herbal supplements, four out of five of which “did not contain any of the herbs on their labels,” according to a New York Times article the day following the announcement of the investigation. The story alleged the products contained only “cheap fillers like powdered rice, asparagus and houseplants, and in some cases substances that could be dangerous to those with allergies.” Readers of this journal know the rest of the story. The allegations, based on an inappropriate testing method, proved to be largely false—but not before GNC complied with the AG’s requests. On March 30th, Schneiderman announced an agreement with GNC to implement “landmark reforms for herbal supplements” and urging “all herbal supplements manufacturers and retailers to join GNC in working with us to ensure consumer safety.” Part of the agreement was that the very same lot numbers called mislabeled by the AG’s office were put back on the shelf after being proven—by way of more appropriate chemical assays—to be satisfactory. Instead of fighting the AG, however, GNC continued to comply and embarked on a mission to build in the kinds of safeguards that would have prevented the whole NYAG controversy from happening in the first place. Those safeguards included clarifying standards of identification and outlining GMPs for botanicals (accelerating an ongoing AHPA effort) and eliciting input from throughout the industry. The bold moves were applauded. But perhaps not in the GNC boardroom. Cost of quality “Was it worth it?” Archbold says of the efforts put forth by GNC under his leadership. “Absolutely it was worth it. It is worth it. Quality is always worth the cost.” Archbold describes the quality assurance efforts as a four-legged stool. Good agricultural practices, supply chain management, raw material GMPs and testing form one of the legs. An industry-wide product database forms another. Participating in facility quality seals like ISO9000 or GMP seals becomes the third. “The last leg that I look at is really consumer communication media strategy,” Archbold says. “That’s where you get credit for all of the other things that are going on that are so important. But I really do think of it as building that four-legged stool, and you need all of them to make it stand up sturdy.” It’s an expensive stool (with the first leg being both the most important and most expensive, says Archbold). But, he says, “I think not having those things would be an even greater cost.” A tough decision to make as a new CEO of a struggling company. “It truly tests the integrity of both the CEO and the company he represents when faced with a head-on crisis,” says Scott Steinford, CEO and founder of Trust Transparency Consulting. Archbold, he says, stepped up in a very visible fashion to address the dialogue. “Very few at that particular time reached out as quickly and as effectively as he did. He represented the industry with integrity, ethics and transparency and changed the dialogue that could have evolved had he not stepped in.” That visibility is a key component of the galvanizing effect of GNC’s work during Archbold’s tenure. “What we found,” says Archbold, “is that so many of the quality players in the industry … had so many good practices and procedures.” What Archbold believes GNC’s role was during that time was bringing the industry together to standardize best practices, “to ensure that we all are doing the same great things rather than a whole bunch of different great things.” GNC was able to put the products back on the shelves, Archbold says, “because the products were fully compliant.” “We then agreed to take on a number of initiatives in order to drive the standardization of the processes throughout our entire supply chain and then really pushed to have the entire industry do the same thing.” GNC also built partnerships across multiple strata of the industry, working in project partnerships not just with AHPA,  but with NPA, CRN and UNPA, too, to create standards for identification and GMPs, especially for botanicals. “We could not have done it without the support and the alignment of the trade associations,” Archbold says. “This was one of the cases where we as an industry really came together as a united front and knew what needed to be done.” Instead of arguing over the possibilities, he says, GNC, along with the trade associations and industry leaders, aligned around what needed to be done. “I think that’s really what made such a difference.” “We appreciate and applaud Mike’s work,” says  UNPA president Loren Israelsen, who credits Archbold with “moving the discussions and action items around dietary supplement quality and supply chain management issues forward during a time of disturbance with various state attorneys general.” In times of trouble “It is worth noting that this engagement came during a challenging time for GNC,” Israelsen says. “His efforts to re-engage GNC with the industry and lead out on these issues while working internally to raise the bar on product standards within GNC are to be commended.”  “A challenging time” might be an understatement. Archbold’s initial gains in GNC’s stock valuation flattened during the investigation and began to disintegrate in September of 2015, hitting his GNC career low in July of 2016. At that time, the company reported second quarter consolidated revenue of $673.2 million, a 2.4 percent year-over-year decrease. Same store sales decreased 3.7 percent (and 6.6 percent in franchise locations). In an abrupt turn at the end of July, Archbold left GNC and resigned from the board. GNC’s Chairman, Michael F. Hines, stated in a press release at the time: “As we continue the strategic review process and move with urgency to improve performance, the Board believes it is the right time to undertake this change to drive effective execution of our plans.” Looking forward Product quality standards are an ongoing effort and a moving target for the entire industry. Taking a close look at quality wasn’t a new effort for GNC. Even so, “there is a good portion of it that was, in fact, triggered by the NYAG’s work and investigations,” Archbold admits, “because it caused us to really focus on all of the great things that we do and the need for being able to communicate those things.” GNC, he says, already had, and still has, great quality practices, standards and testing procedures. What they found is that their standards differed from those of other quality brands. “The NYAG’s investigation certainly was one of the factors that pushed us to really pull the industry together.” Pulling together is essential, Archbold says. “I think if we as an industry can align around best practices on tests and procedures, we can drive down the cost of quality, and that way we can really receive credit from the consumer for the great quality that so many in the industry actually deliver.” Steinford sees this, too. “The discussion that Mike forwarded is going to continue to evolve for years to come,” he says. When it comes to receiving an NBJ award, Archbold says he is “thrilled to be able to stand up for all the great things this industry has done. The focus on the quality, the purity, the potency, the safety and the efficacy of our products is something that cannot and should never be discounted.” As companies like GNC continue to focus and communicate quality efforts, the entire industry stands to improve its reputation, he continues. The result? “I think that the growth of the industry will continue to be as great as it has been in the past.” TAGS: Manufacturer and Brand (Audience) 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related 3 companies expand the possibilities of personalized nutritionDec 03, 2016 Neil Grimmer is taking nutrition personallyOct 25, 2016 What's so great about vitamin K2?Mar 28, 2017 Return of the Dark issueMar 25, 2017 Load More About Us Contact Advertise Standards Graphics Center Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Google Linkedin Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
How Did This Ball Get Mysteriously Wedged on Yadier Molina's Chest Protector? (VIDEO) Tebow Hits a Two-Run Homer In His First Minor League at Bat (VIDEO) f Facebook t Twitter TOTALPROSPORTS.COM Home NFL MLB NBA NCAA Baseball Basketball Football Hockey NHL MMA Soccer More Boxing Golf Motor Sports Olympics Other Fantasy Sports Sports History Sports Lists Stat Line Of The Night Tennis Like Us On Facebook PIC OF THE DAY Don't Be This Guy... Most Popular Female Tennis Star Changes Her Panties Mid Match On Live TV (Video) Serbian tennis star and former World No. 1 in[...] Tattooed MMA Fighter Acts Tough, Gets Knocked Out Instantly (Video) A heavily tattooed MMA fighter known as "Julz the[...] Watch This Chick Crush Watermelons With Her Thighs (Video) Leg day is by far the most important of all[...] Dude Performs WWE Finishing Moves On Girlfriend, Because She Must Love Him (Video) Quick tip for all of you women out there: Nothing[...] 10 Championship Prediction Tattoos That Were WAY Off In recent years we have seen a pretty dramatic[...] EMAIL TIPS & LINKS TO: [email protected] Seahawks QB Trevone Boykin Arrested For 2nd Time in 2 Weeks by: Black Adam Schefter On  Friday, April 7, 2017 Tags:  Seattle Seahawks   Trevone Boykin   Trevone Boykin is familiar with having handcuffs on. The Seattle Seahawks QB was arrested January 2016 after a bar fight during which he got into it with cops while he was still at TCU. And this past March, he was arrested after he crashed his car into a bar, then received drug possession charges after he was caught with more than two ounces of marijuana. He newest arrest came on Thursday while he was in Walmart and it’s connected to that crash he had at the bar less than two weeks ago. “As we previously reported, Boykin was still on probation on March 27 when he was arrested for public intoxication and drug possession following the car crash. Background — Boykin was sentenced to 1 year probation in June 2016 for fighting police officers at a San Antonio bar days before the Alamo Bowl. Now, we’ve learned a warrant was issued for his arrest earlier this week because prosecutors believe his March arrest constitutes a violation of his probation. Boykin was taken into custody at 1:35 PM on Thursday and released a few hours later on $2,500 bond. He’ll be arraigned on May 3. He’s facing up to a year in jail and a $4,000 fine — but that didn’t keep him from smiling in his mug shot.” Keep this up and he’ll find himself out of the league for good. AWESOME STORIES FROM THE WEB LATEST STORIES Rob Gronkowski Freestyled Over Biggie Smalls ‘Hypnotize’ & It Was Terrible (VIDEO) Tebow Hits a Two-Run Homer In His First Minor League at Bat (VIDEO) Comments Write For Us Contact Privacy Policy
Search Open Menu Gear 2017 Winter Buyer's Guide Gear Reviews Cycle Life The Edge Covet Gear Guy XX Factor Outfitted Gear Archive Affiliate Policy Travel Best Towns National Parks Getaways Modern Nomad The Go List Travel Archive Fitness Get in the Shape of Your Life Fit List In Stride Performance Plate Fitness Archive Adventure Adventure Sports Athletes Survival The Stream Adventure Archive Culture Best Jobs Eat & Drink Raising Rippers Culture Archive Video Submit a Video Gear Videos Fitness Videos Adventure Videos How-To Videos Magazine Issue Archive Outside iPad App Features Outside Turns 40 Subscribe Print Edition Give a Gift Free Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Science of Survival The Outside Interview Dispatches Essential Party Camping Gear Having a good time outdoors has gotten a lot easier thanks to technical innovations in the party camping space By: Wes Siler Apr 6, 2017 Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Text Email Icon Email Thanksgiving in Big Sur a couple years ago. Hands down, one of the best nights I've ever had outdoors.    Photo: Michael Zielinski Don’t get me wrong: climbing mountains, paddling rivers, bagging a year’s worth of meat, and tackling challenging trails are fun, but sometimes all a weekend needs are a beautiful view, fun people, and a lot of booze. Partying is one of my favorite excuses to take people camping. Here’s the gear I use to maximize our fun.  IndefinitelyWild IndefinitelyWild is a lifestyle column telling the story of adventure travel in the outdoors, the vehicles and gear that get us there, and the people we meet along the way. Get the newsletter! And follow us on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. See the Archive→ Bonus: All this stuff will also make camping at a music festival or going to the beach that much more fun.  With thick aluminum runners for the legs and arms, ARB's camp chair is vastly overbuilt. But it's also damn near indestructible and an extremely comfortable place to pass an evening.   Photo: ARB Chairs The last thing you want to do is go party camping without a comfortable chair. Whether you’re watching a campfire, a sunset, or the cook, you’ll spend a bunch of hours sitting, and you don’t want to do that on the cold, hard ground.  The Luxury Option: Australian 4x4 accessory maker ARB sells the most ridiculously overbuilt camping chair. If you’re large-framed or just want a big chair, this thing will hold you, no problem. It’ll last a long time and endure much abuse, but the penalty for its overbuilt nature is that it’s heavy, expensive, and doesn’t pack terribly small. I opt instead for the REI Hang Time chair. You sit lower to the ground, but it’s still a very strong, very comfortable chair, complete with bottle holder.  The Portable Option: Therm-a-Rest makes these great little Quadra chairs that pack into their own legs and look like an oversized pill. They’re too big and heavy for backpacking, but for anything vehicle-based, they’re a comfortable, robust option that will help reduce the size and weight of stuff you have to carry with you.  If I’m carrying stuff on my back, my go-to is the Therm-a-Rest Z Seat. It’s light and indestructible, can be strapped to the outside of your pack, and is surprisingly comfortable, especially if you rig up a couple rocks to work as a backrest.  The Cheap Option: Walmart and big-box stores sell folding camp chairs for about $10. They’re effectively disposable but will provide a comfortable seat for one or two trips if you’re careful with them. They’re a great option if you’re flying somewhere: grab a few when you land, use them during your trip, and then throw them out on your way back to the airport. Suitable for car camping only. Fold-a-Flame's new flatpack grills are rugged and spacious. This one has room for standard-length firewood and enough grill space for a dozen or more burgers.   Photo: Fold-a-Flame Grill Cooking meat over fire is half the fun of camping in the first place. A good grill will make that easier and can make fires possible in areas that might otherwise not permit them.  The Luxury Option: My friend Andrew is a product designer during the week and a dedicated off-roader and camper most weekends. He just designed this really cool flatpack fire pit/grill. Sized to accept standard 22-inch firewood (you can’t gather fallen wood here in California), the Fold-a-Flame is big enough to have a real campfire but also works as a grill with charcoal. It’s made from heavy-duty 11-gauge steel, so it’ll hold up, but it packs down to just a 3/4-inch stack for easy transport.  The Portable Option: UCO makes a great little 20-ounce grill that packs into a single tube for storage. You can pair it with a fold-up fire pit if you can’t burn wood on the ground.  The Cheap Option: Roll up tinfoil to make grill slats, or just spread out super-hot coals and sear directly on those. You can also wrap your veggies and meat into a single foil package and shove that in your fire. The juices are held in, so the food won’t burn.  OK, two fridges are probably overkill.   Photo: ARB Coolers You need to keep beer and food cold, hopefully all weekend, hopefully without soaking everything in melt water. Your old Playmate is hopelessly outdated.  The Luxury Option: ARB makes its 12-volt refrigerator/freezer in multiple sizes that are designed to fit anywhere from a pickup’s bed to a Subaru’s hatch. You dial in the temperature digitally, and the cooler holds it there for the duration of your drive. While the car is parked, an included battery monitor will shut off the fridge before it drains your battery, but you should be good running the thing nonstop for two days with your car off. Since you aren’t relying on ice, you never risk your food getting soaked, and the fine temperature control helps you avoid spoiling tricky stuff like fresh oysters. Yes, a portable fridge means you can take fresh seafood camping in the desert.  The Portable Option: Even the smallest Yeti Hopper is too big to take backpacking, but its shoulder strap means you can easily carry it around an outdoor concert or even through an airport. I’ve had mine for two years, and its leakproof zipper has never dripped a drop, even when serving as carry-on luggage.  The Cheap Option: Use the cooler you have already, but freeze as much of your food and liquids as possible before loading it up. How you use it is often more important than the cooler itself. Do you own a big chest freezer? Freeze both your cooler and its contents overnight before you leave.  Japanese brand Snow Peak sells ridiculously over-the-top party camping gear. This setup is as nice as you'd find at a fancy restaurant, if that's what you need for your trip.   Photo: Snow Peak Tables The Luxury Option: Snow Peak sells gorgeous folding bamboo tables. They’re incredibly pricey, but they’re light, stable, and work great. Some even have fire pits built into the center, Korean barbecue style.  The Portable Option: I try to keep the weight and size of stuff I carry off-road to a minimum so I get the best performance possible out of my Land Rover over difficult terrain. That also means I have more room for beer. REI Co-Op sells a great roll-up aluminum table that, at eight pounds, is reasonably light and compact but gives you just the right amount of room to cook dinner for a small group.  The Cheap Option: Put some plastic down and use your tailgate. Hanging a piece of cloth as a curtain will keep greasy food smells out of your car.  Vehicle-mounted awnings are easy to carry, quick to setup, and extremely stable. If you use your tailgate as a kitchen, they're an ideal shelter from sun and rain.   Photo: AluCab Shade The Luxury Option: A vehicle-mounted awning creates a large, easily deployed shade and rain structure without taking up space inside your car. And with your vehicle as an anchor, the awning will never blow away. These are especially great if you use your tailgate as a kitchen. ARB makes really nice awnings in a variety of sizes, with enough accessories to turn them into totally bug-proof enclosed shelters. But, man, the 270-degree Alu-Cab Shadow Awning offers just a ton of coverage from a very slim stowed package.  The Portable Option: Nemo’s new Victory sunshade is built like a backpacking tent and packs up similarly small and light. Bonus points if you pair it with the matching Victory blanket to create the ultimate party-camping hangout shelter.  The Cheap Option: The Coleman Instant Canopy is relatively affordable but can prove difficult to set up. It’s also vulnerable to blowing away in high winds, and its fabric tears easily.  Therm-a-Rest's new Tranquility 6 provides standing-height interior room, along with walk-through doors. Here, it's paired with the Arrowspace shelter, which can attach to the Tranquility 6 to serve as a ginormous awning, or work on its own as a shade/rain shelter.   Photo: Therm-a-Rest Shelter Tents focused on car camping used to be cheap and basic, but recently, more technical brands have been innovating in the space, bringing much-improved quality and vastly increased livability to car-camping shelters.  The Luxury Option: The Nemo Wagontop forms the basis of my radical rooftop-tent-on-the-ground overlanding solution. Pair it with the matching garage to create an absolutely enormous home away from home. Therm-a-Rest has also just entered the party-camping sphere with its new Tranquility tents. The 6P is tall enough to walk through and pairs with an optional removable shade structure/vestibule. I’ve been car camping in the 4P for a couple months and find it a reasonably spacious place to spend a night yet still cinches up very small. They’re both fun, comfortable tents that open up fully on both ends but seal up easily for solid privacy.  The Portable Option: Nemo’s new Front Porch is a 2P backpacking tent body covered with the world’s largest awning. It allows you to sleep in a tight, cozy space, while still providing an ample outdoor living room. It’s probably not the right thing for backpacking, but it’d be perfect at a music festival.  The Cheap Option: The Amazon Basics 4P Dome is as close to free as a tent gets while still providing a comfortable, well-ventilated, bug-free home for two people. It won’t last multiple years, but it will last a summer’s worth of fun outdoor experiences. You’ll find similar bargains, with similar limitations, at big-box stores. BRUSeXwALUY Sleep You don’t have to be uncomfortable outdoors. With the right sleeping pad and bag, you should be as—or more—comfortable and warm than you are at home. And some of these models even support vigorous nighttime activities.  The Luxury Option: I’ve written about it before, since it delivers the best sleep and best sex I’ve ever had outdoors, but the Exped Megamat Duo remains totally unique in the luxury camping market. A memory foam outer surrounds an inflatable inner core, creating a 2P bed that’s more supportive and more comfortable than the expensive Tempur-Pedic mattress I use at home. Paired with full-size flannel sheets and a big down technical comforter, you will never be warmer or more comfortable outdoors.  The Portable Option: Big Agnes has a new 2P Q-Core SLX sleeping pad that pairs perfectly with its Sentinel 30 sleeping bag to create a package that’s supercomfortable for two but weighs less than three pounds per person. I’m going to write a separate article in which I tell you how to shave weight for backpacking by working as a couple, but this is the sleep system that forms the core of that approach and does that without being constrictive or making you sleep separately.  The Cheap Option: Please don’t use one of those uninsulated air beds they’ll sell you at Walmart. They sag, they leak, and because they lack insulation, they make you sleep cold, even in mild temperatures. Adding a bunch of blankets and pillows to your backpacking setup will help you party camp much more comfortably. If you have the budget for just one camping setup, make it a decent, light, backpacking arrangement. I like the Therm-a-Rest NeoAir All Season pad (trust me, your back will thank me) and the Kelty Cosmic Down 20 bag.  Camping cocktail of choice for me and RYP.   Photo: Robert Young Pelton The Bar Because warm beer is for suckers. The Luxury Option: The best addition to my camping arsenal in the past year has easily been the Stanley Happy Hour Shaker. Available with two or four insulated stainless-steel tumblers, this shaker will mix your margaritas (per drinker: juice of one lime and one lemon, one shot of orange liqueur, two shots of tequila) like a champ, while keeping your drinks cold. The best part? It’s only $30.  The Portable Option: Platypus makes a hyperpackable bladder perfectly designed to store a bottle of wine. In my extensive product testing, it has proved equally adept at housing whiskey.  The Cheap Option: A one-pint army surplus pilot’s flask is just $7. I’ve had mine for a decade, and it’s never leaked. A friend stole it, took it on a yearlong worldwide tour with his band, and brought it back no worse for wear.  Sure, you can just squeeze coffee through an AeroPress. But take the time to learn to use one, and you'll develop the ability to make any kind of coffee you'd like, quickly and easily. Even lattes and other fancy drinks. And cleanup couldn't be easier. A dedicated coffee setup like the one pictured here is also a great travel companion—you'll never stop for a bad cup of coffee at a dirty truck stop again.   Photo: Jack Amick Coffee Something to make you feel better the next morning.  The Luxury Option: There are all manner of expensive, complicated devices for portable coffee brewing, but none has yet surpassed the simple efficacy of the humble AeroPress. Replace its fussy paper filters with a permanent metal alternative and have some good espresso beans ground for a French press, and you’ll be onto the best coffee of your life, regardless of location. It’s simple, light, and easy to clean, and it will last you decades. I pair my AeroPress with a couple Yeti Rambler tumblers to keep coffee hot on cold mornings. This setup is so good and so robust that it’s replaced all the other coffee makers in my home, too.  The Portable Option: We’re all familiar with the little single-serve packs of Starbucks Via. But those are pretty awful. These days, Alpine Start offers a much nicer brew in an identical format—that’s what I’d recommend if you don’t want to take your AeroPress backpacking. Whatever you do, avoid the Trader Joe’s single-serve coffee packs—they’re the worst I’ve ever tasted.  The Cheap Option: There’s not a lot wrong with a standard old percolator. It even looks nice around camp with its vintage enamelware design.  Make sure you ask a few friends to download offline playlists. The last thing you want is to get stuck listening to your own limited selection on loop.   Photo: Dreamweave Music The last piece of the puzzle is taking your music camping with you.  The Luxury Option: The Dreamweave Tremor delivers robust, full, and very loud sound, along with a very long battery life. Fifteen hours of music should be more than enough for a long weekend’s worth of listening, and this speaker delivers home-audio quality in a weatherproof package.  The Portable Option: I bring along an OutdoorTech Turtleshell 2.0. It offers great sound for such a small package and has good battery life (16 hours). Choose a bright color so you don’t lose or forget it.  The Cheap Option: Amazon Basics will sell you a serviceable Bluetooth speaker for $20. It gets the job done, but not much more. Filed To: Indefinitely Wild Share This Share Tweet Pinterest Text Email More Gear Subscribe to Outside Save 66% and get All-Access: Print + iPad State AA AE AL AK AP AS AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MP MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA VI WA WV WI WY Continue Our Mission To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle. Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ads Media Kit Subscriptions Affiliate-Link Policy RSS © 2017 Mariah Media Network LLC. Obsessed with Gear? Open newsletter. Drool. Repeat. Thank you! Submit
Toggle Subscribe Search Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness 21 Under 21 Toggle Close Submit Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Food Oreo Thins Now Come in Coconut and Salted Caramel We're dying to try these. Sophie HirshApr 6, 2017 4:31PM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog Pinterestthejunkfoodaisle/Instagram Instagram always seems to know what sweet treat our favorite brands are about to drop. The latest? Two upcoming Oreo Thins flavors: coconut and salted caramel. "Coming Soon! Salted Caramel & Coconut Oreo Thins!" the Junk Food Aisle account wrote on Instagram, alongside photos of how the Aisle thinks the packaging might look. "The images attached are just mockups and while I can confirm Salted Caramel will have a Golden cookie, I am only assuming a Chocolate cookie for Coconut." WalMart also confirmed the new treat in an email to Teen Vogue. "I can confirm that Walmart will sell both the Coconut and Salted Caramel Oreo Thins. We can’t wait for them to hit our store shelves!" a spokesperson said. There is no official information yet on when and where the cookies will be available, but we're eagerly awaiting the moment we see them on store shelves. Both coconut and salted caramel are classic flavors in the dessert universe, and we think they would be delicious in Oreo form. Foodie Instagram accounts always seem to be in the know just before everyone else when it comes to new foods. The Junk Food Aisle spotted Peeps Oreos hidden in a corner of Walmart's website in February, several months after fellow Instagram foodie Eric Huang, AKA @junkfoodguy, first teased them. Several online accounts spotted Swedish Fish Oreos before Oreo confirmed the unique treat in August; and last month, several people spotted Strawberry Shortcake Oreos in stores, shortly before the brand announced that the treat was legit. Ever since Oreo started the Oreo Wonder Vault in 2016, it has been dropping new flavors constantly. In addition to the ones mentioned above, there have been Lemon and Chocolate Creme Thins, Choco Chip Oreos, Fruity Crisp and Blueberry Pie Oreos, and Milka Oreo Chocolate Candy Bars. Loading View on Instagram follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. Related My LifeStarbucks Now Has COCONUT Cold Brew My LifePeeps Oreos Are Officially a Thing My LifeKrispy Kreme and Ghirardelli Teamed Up to Make the …
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Research and Markets - Natural and Organic Foods and Beverages in the U.S., 5th Edition: Whole Foods Market Remains the Dominant Player with Trader Joe's & Kroger Challenging for Top Spot News provided by Research and Markets 06 Apr, 2017, 21:15 BST Share this article DUBLIN, Apr. 06, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Natural and Organic Foods and Beverages in the U.S., 5th Edition" report to their offering. The marketplace for natural and organic foods and beverages is undergoing tremendous expansion and change. At the retail level, while Whole Foods Market remains the dominant natural foods supermarket chain, it is being challenged by Trader Joe's and by No. 1 supermarket operator Kroger Co., which maintains almost 2,800 stores across the country under regional banners including Kroger, Ralph's, and Harris Teeter. Kroger now sells about $11 billion in natural and organic products annually, making it the third-largest player in this market after Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. Meanwhile, drawn by attractive consumer demographics, a higher growth rate than conventional foods, and a healthier aura, major food companies and private equity firms are buying or making large investments in natural and organic food and beverage companies. For example, in July 2016, France's Danone SA announced that it will acquire The WhiteWave Foods Co. in a $10 billion transaction by the end of 2016, while General Mills claims it is now the third largest natural and organic food maker in the United States. In addition, responding to consumer demand for more company transparency and cleaner formulation, big brands are overhauling products and portfolios in hopes of winning over natural-leaning consumers. Many consumers seek out organic (36% of the 1,914 U.S. respondents surveyed) or natural foods and beverages (42%) when shopping for food. In particular, a good selection of organic fruits and vegetables can be a game-changer in determining where consumers grocery shop. Key Topics Covered: Chapter 1: Executive Summary Retail Sales of Natural/Organic Foods and Beverages Will Reach $69.4 Billion in 2016 Produce Is the Largest Category Supermarkets, Natural Foods Stores, Warehouse Clubs Battle for Market Share Consumer Drivers for Buying Natural/Organic Foods and Beverages Organic Farming Takes Root The GMO Debate U.S. Retail Sales Will Approach $118 Billion by 2021 Retail Trends Upsurge of Competition in Natural Foods Retailer Profiles Albertsons Cos. Amazon.com Costco Wholesale Corp. Farmers' Markets Fresh Thyme Farmers Market The Kroger Co. Sprouts Farmers Market Trader Joe's Walmart Whole Foods The Marketers Many Thousands of Marketers More Acquisitions, Investments, and Funding Private-Label Natural and Organic Products Proliferating Natural and Organic Foods and Beverages in the U.S. Table of Contents Competitor Profiles Amy's Kitchen Campbell Soup Co. Danone SA General Mills The Hain Celestial Group Organic Valley Pinnacle Foods Marketing and New Product Trends Going Clean Ingredients Trends Avocados Beets Are Red Hot Chickpeas and Other Beans Transformed Grass-Fed Proteins Gaining Momentum Plant-Based Foods New Product Trends by Category Consumer Trends National Consumer Survey Many Consumers Seek Out Organic and Natural Foods and Beverages . Foods When Grocery Shopping, 2016 (percent of U.S. adults) Organic Foods and Beverages Attract Shoppers to Stores Two Out of Five Consumers Buying More Organic or Natural Foods Only 45% of Consumers Trust Organic or Natural Labels Information Consumers Want Most on Package Labels Consumer Attitudes Toward Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) Simmons National Consumer Survey Three Out of 10 Households Seek Out Organic or Natural Foods Fruit and Vegetables Are Top Organic Categories Ethnicity, Socio-Economics Differentiate Organic or Natural Food Shoppers Natural and Organic Foods and Beverages in the U.S. Table of Contents Chapter 2: Overview A Range of Sales Estimates from Different Sources Retail Sales Projected at $69.4 Billion in 2016 Beverages, 2012-2016 (in billions of dollars) Organic Foods and Beverages: A Larger Slice of a Bigger Pie Beverages by Market Segment: Natural vs. Organic, 2016 vs. 2012 Produce and Dairy Are the Largest Categories and Beverages by Product Category, 2016 (percent) Supermarkets, Natural Food Stores, Warehouse Clubs Battle for Share Most Consumers Buy Natural and/or Organic Products Consumer Drivers for Buying Natural/Organic Foods and Beverages .. Widening Distribution Channels Also Driving Increased Sales Produce and Dairy Are Gateway' Categories for Organic Foods Organic Farming Takes Root Some Organic Products in Short Supply The GMO Debate Litigation Over the Meaning of Natural Natural and Organic Foods and Beverages in the U.S. Table of Contents Projected Market Growth U.S. Retail Sales Will Approach $118 Billion by 2021 and Beverages, 2016-2021 (in billions of dollars) Chapter 3: Retail Trends Upsurge of Competition in Natural Foods Retailer Profiles Ahold Delhaize Albertsons Cos. ALDI Inc. Amazon.comAmazonFresh, Prime Pantry, and Prime Now Costco Wholesale Corp. Strengthens Organic Position CVS Expanding Selection of Healthier Foods and Beverages Fairway Market Emerges from Bankruptcy Farmers' Markets Grow to Almost 8,700 Nationwide The Fresh Market Pulls Back, Goes Private Fresh Thyme Farmers Market Rolls Out in the Midwest The Kroger Co. Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Planning Major Expansion Demonstration Sprouts Farmers Market Appears to Have a Winning Formula Target Corp. Recasting its Grocery Business Again Thrive Market Trader Joe's Natural and Organic Foods and Beverages in the U.S. Table of Contents Walmart Forays into Organic FoodsAgain Whole Foods Market Feeling the Heat of Competition 365 by Whole Foods Market: Streamlined and Value-Priced Chapter 4: The Marketers Many Thousands of Marketers More Acquisitions, Investments, and Funding Recent Mergers and Acquisitions Private-Label Natural and Organic Products Proliferating Amy's Kitchen, Inc. The Nation's Leading Organic Frozen Foods Brand Campbell Soup Co Danone SA General Mills, Inc. Natural and Organic Portfolio The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. Challenged by Growing Competition .. Organic Valley Owned by a Cooperative of Farmers Pinnacle Foods Group Sees Health and Wellness as a Key to Growth Natural and Organic Foods and Beverages in the U.S. Table of Contents Chapter 5: Marketing and New Product Trends Going Clean Ingredients Kashi Launches New Certified Transitional' Label Ingredients Trends Avocados Beets Are Red Hot Chickpeas and Other Beans Transformed Beans Functional and Fortified Foods and Beverages Grass-Fed Proteins Gaining Momentum Plant-Based Foods Jackfruit, an Old World Plant Meat Turmeric and Matcha Almondmilk New Product Trends by Category Frozen Meals Soups Refrigerated Soups Shelf-Stable Soups Dairy Case Got Milk? Milk Non-Dairy Milk Alternatives Protein Beverages Yogurt Fresh Produce Breads Snacks Snack Bars Jerky Snacks Fruit and Vegetable Snack Pouches Desserts and Sweets Better-for-You Baked Goods Non-Chocolate Candy Goes Organic Baby and Kid-Targeted Foods Beverages with Benefits Hydration Beverages Cold-Pressed, High Pressure Processed Juices Juice Drinks Drinking Vinegars Cold Brew Coffee Ready-to-Drink and Bagged Teas Chapter 6: Consumer Trends Key Points Proprietary Consumer Survey Many Consumers Seek Out Organic and Natural Foods and Beverages Foods When Grocery Shopping, 2016 (percent of U.S. adults) Consumers Shopping Multiple Channels Organic Foods and Beverages Attract Shoppers to Stores Two Out of Five Consumers Buying More Organic or Natural Foods .. Half of Consumers Believe Organic or Natural Foods Are Healthier ... Foods, 2016 (percent of U.S. adults) No Artificial Ingredients Outweighs Organic in Packaged Foods With No Artificial Ingredients, 2016 (percent of U.S. adults) Only 45% of Consumers Trust Organic or Natural Labels Are Organic or Natural, 2016 (percent of U.S. adults) Willing to Pay More for OrganicBut Think It Costs Too Much Information Consumers Want Most on Package Labels Consumer Attitudes Toward Food Labels, 2016 (percent of U.S. adults) Consumer Attitudes Toward Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) .. 207 Organisms (GMOs), 2016 (percent of U.S. adults) Consumer Attitudes Toward Social Responsibility Simmons National Consumer Study Methodology Three Out of 10 Households Seek Out Organic or Natural Foods Nearly Half Prefer Foods Without Artificial Additives Who Look for Organic or Natural Foods; and Who Buy Natural or Organic Foods When Watching Their Diet, 2012-2016 (percent and number in millions) Fruit and Vegetables Are Top Organic Categories Foods Most Often, 2012 vs. 2016 (percent) Ethnicity, Socio-Economics Differentiate Organic or Natural Food Shoppers Asian-Americans, Educated Consumers, Homemakers Avoid Additives Attitudes Toward Food and Cooking Without Artificial Additives, 2016 (percent and index) Attitudes Toward Nutrition and Health Look for Organic or Natural Foods, and Consumers Who Prefer Foods Without Artificial Additives, 2016 (percent and index) Other Surveys International Food Information Council Foundation Survey Wedbush Securities Consumer Survey Consumer Reports Labels Survey Companies Mentioned - Albertsons - Amazon.com - Costco - Danone SA - Farmers Markets - Fresh Thyme Farmers Market - General Mills - Harris Teeter. - Kroger Co. - Ralph's - Sprouts Farmers Market - The WhiteWave Foods Co. - Trader Joe's. - Walmart - Whole Foods Market For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/m7f3qq/natural_and Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 06 Apr, 2017, 21:30 BST Preview: Research and Markets - Global Portable Computerized Tomography Scanners Market to Grow at a CAGR of 7.65%, 2017-2021 with Philips Healthcare & NeuroLogica Dominating 06 Apr, 2017, 20:45 BST Preview: World $114 Billion Site-Specific Drug Delivery Market, By Application (Pulmonary, Ocular, Oncology, CNS, Cardiovascular) - Forecasts to 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 00:30 BSTUnited States Water & Wastewater Treatment Chemicals Market to... 00:15 BSTGlobal Personalized Medicine Report 2017 - Pharmacogenomics,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Beverages Food & Beverages Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Natural and Organic Foods and Beverages in the U.S., 5th Edition: Whole Foods Market Remains the Dominant Player with Trader Joe's & Kroger Challenging for Top Spot News provided by Research and Markets 06 Apr, 2017, 21:15 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Sign in Join Consumer Warnings Sales & Deals Consumer Tips Tech Entertainment More Home & Family Travel Cars & Bikes Stores Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email Log In your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Create a free account Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. FREE: Join NFS & Get Discounts At Local StoresFREE: Join NFS & Save At Local Stores 2017 Easter Deals: Save on Chocolate, Baskets & More From Target, Macy’s & Walmart By Tracy Ortiz - April 6, 2017 Do you still need to make Easter baskets for your kids? Need something nice to wear to church on Easter Sunday? If so, there’s still time to shop and save, thanks to all the great 2017 Easter deals from Target, Macy’s & Walmart. From baskets and toys to clothing and jewelry, you’ll find everything you need, in-stores and online. To make it easy for you, we have sale details for each store, along with a list of their best deals and links to their websites. Happy Shopping! Target Now through Sunday, April 9, you can save online and in-stores on baskets, toys, and more. Here’s a look at their featured sales items: ·Toys: Buy 2, get 1 free on Crayola, toys, and games (you can mix and match); save up to 20% off Lego; spend $50, save $10 or spend $100, save $25 of Star Wars toys; save up to 20% off on Moana and Beauty and the Beast; save 15% on specialty toys (Magna Tiles, Melissa & Doug & more). ·Easter Baskets, Kits & Stuffers: spend $25, get a $5 gift card; PAAS Easter Classic decorating kit: $1.50; Trolls Easter Egg decorating kit:$3; 9″ Bamboo Herringbone Easter baskets (in-store ONLY): $1.50; assorted felt baskets: $3; assorted wooden and woven Easter baskets: $6-$12; Paw Patrol basket: $6; assorted grass from Spritz: 0.50-$4.99; assorted 8-count plastic Easter eggs from Spritz: $5-$6 (including glitter, multi-color, and others). ·Chocolate & Candy: Buy 3, get 1 free on Easter Bunnies when you order online and choose order pick-up; 4-count Peeps: $1; Reese’s Easter Milk Chocolate Covered Peanut Butter Bunny (5-ounces): $3.99; Dove Easter Dark Chocolate Bunny (4,5-ounce): $3.99; Lindt Easter Gold Bunny Milk Chocolate (3.5-ounce): $3.99, and many more. ·Clothing & Shoes: BOGO, Buy 1, get 1 50% off on shoes for the family; 30% off women’s dresses; 20% off shorts for the family; and more. Macy’s Now through Sunday, April 9, you can save online and in-stores on clothing, jewelry and more. Here are their featured deals: ·Use the code LOOK and take an extra 25% off regular, sale, and clearance clothing and accessories; also, take an extra 15% off other select departments. ·Clothing: select women’s dresses for under $100; get 25% off women’s contemporary and designer brands; 40-60% off select kids’ styles; 25-50% off select men’s casual shirts and shorts. ·Shoes & Accessories: 25-40% off handbags (select designer brands includes); 25% off when you buy 1 pair, 40% off when you buy 3 or more pairs of shoes and 30% off when you buy 2 or more pairs (men, women, and kids) with code Great. ·Jewelry: Diamond sale, take an extra 25% off all diamond jewelry (total saving of 50-65% off) with code Jewel. Walmart From now until Sunday, April 9. you can save on all your Easter essentials, in-stores and online. Here are Walmart’s featured sales items: ·Baskets& Kits: select plastic buckets: 0.98; Easter grass: 0.38; select character Easter buckets: $4.98; PAAS Easter egg coloring kit: $1.48; pre-filled Easter baskets: $10; and more. ·Toys & Stuffers: select character basket stuffers (Star Wars, Trolls & more): $2.98; $3.98 each: Play Day toss & catch games, sidewalk chalk, bubble sticks, select character bubbles or light up bubble blaster; select children’s books: $6.98; ONLY @ Walmart Lego Star Wars: Luke’s Landspeeder: $19.37; Hot Wheels Fats & Furious diecast assortment: 0.97, and more. ·Chocolate & Candy: Russel Stover caramel bunny (3-ounces): $1.98; M&M’s solid milk chocolate bunny, with minis (5-ounce): $3; Brach’s classic jelly beans: $1; Peeps marshmallow bunnies (3.375-ounces, 12-count): $1.12; and more. What do you think of these 2017 Easter deals? Tell us below and be sure to follow all my latest consumer news reports on Twitter! It's Nice To Share!                                             - To link to this page, copy & paste - 2017 Easter Deals: Save on Chocolate, Baskets & More From Target, Macy’s & Walmart Or use the shortURL: https://n4s.us/55877 Tracy Ortiz I am a mom to 2 little boys: a 3 year- old and 2 year-old and they are the only things I love more than writing. I am an avid reader, a big sports fan and love a good deal. Most of all, I love keeping up on the latest consumer news and sharing my findings with all of you. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR President’s Day Sales 2017: Target, Walmart, Best Buy, Macy’s 2017 New Year’s Sales & Store Hours: Target, Walmart, Macy’s 2016 Holiday Store Return Policies: Walmart, Best Buy, Target & More News For Shoppers News For Shoppers is your free source for unbiased shopping and entertainment news. Our Promise To You • Helpful, Reliable, Honest, Consumer Intel • No 'Sponsored' Stories • No Commission/Affiliate Links • No Pop-Up or Content Blocking Ads • No Paywalls or Survey Blocks Writers Wanted! We're looking for internet savvy consumer and product experts! › Learn More! Log In › NFS Home › About NFS! › NFS Journalists › Write At NFS! › Contact NFS › NFS On YouTube! NFS Perks & Discounts Latest News Amazon Cash: Can You Really Shop on Amazon Using Cash? Surprisingly.. Yes! ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 7 Finale Delivers Action & Closure ‘The Walking Dead’ Play Dead Sweepstakes Codewords Last Chance All You Need To Know About Galaxy S8: Price, Release Date and Specs Popular Now Is DealDash Legit Or A Scam? The Devil Is In The Details! Why Sprint’s New Phone & Contract Buyout Offer… 4th Gen Apple TV Remote Not Working? Here’s A Quick… Amazon Prime VS Boxed.com: Which One Saves You More? Opinions & statements made by authors on NFS are entirely their own. Please see our complete Terms & Conditions of Use © Copyright 2010 - 2017 NewsForShoppers.com N A
Thursday, April 6, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Slatington to host First Friday Thursday, April 6, 2017 Slatington’s Main Street Merchants Group will host its First Friday event this week starting at 4 p.m. KELLEY ANDRADE/TIMES NEWS By Kelley Andrade kandrade@tnonline.com Slatington’s Main Street Merchants Group is hosting an Earth Day-themed First Friday evening this week. From 4 to 8 p.m., local businesses will host activities, music and organically grown food along the historic district. April’s family friendly “Earth Day Every Day,” theme will include a lecture at the Slatington Public Library from Lehigh Gap Nature Center’s Director Dan Kunkle from 4 to 5 p.m. Participants can grab a Main Street Merchants Passport at the library to take along the business route, collecting stamps for a chance to win a bicycle donated by Lehighton Walmart. Blue Mountain Farm Market will sell locally grown potted plants and fresh greens during the event and partner with Charlotte Fay’s Main Street Diner to create organic dinner dishes while a blues duo entertains the crowd. “I’m very happy and excited that there’s still so much growth potential,” said diner owner and committee member Jason Ruff. Rhythm and Sole Dance Studio will entertain residents with spring-themed dances and drumming during its open house. First Friday newcomers, Slatington Marketplace on Route 873, will also stay open later and conduct a demonstration of recycling junk into treasure. The First Friday nights will continue every other month throughout 2017. Any business or resident interested in the merchants committee can join the monthly breakfast meetings at the diner or call the chamber at 484-274-2080. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Vudu Disc-to-Digital goes mobile: scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for a fee [Updated] Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/23 6:12am PDTMar 23, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 93 Share on Facebook 36 Share on Twitter Total Shares143 Applications News Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into Vudu has offered a Disc-to-Digital service for a while for those who wanted to convert their physical DVD and Blu-Ray movie collection to digital. However, the service either required you to pop into a Walmart with all of your discs in hand or download the app on your computer and insert discs one by one to verify that you own them. Now, the option is available on mobile. Through an update to the Vudu app, which doesn't seem to be live yet, Vudu users will be able to scan the barcode off their DVDs and Blu-Rays and let the app offer them the digital version in return. There are a couple of catches though plus a fee to pay. First, the service only has about 8000 movies in the catalogue now, so you may run into one or many that aren't yet supported. For example, Disney's movies aren't available, but you shouldn't have problems with Lionsgate, Paramount, Sony Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Universal Pictures, or Warner Bros. Second, you have to physically be at your billing location because the app will request a GPS verification to make sure you're at home scanning your own collection and not strolling through a store and scanning everything on the shelves. Third, there's a limit of 100 titles per year per account, which seems like a reasonable way to avoid potential abuse from those who manage to get around the location limitation. As for the price, it costs $2 to convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-Ray to HD, but $5 to upgrade a DVD to HD. One complimentary conversion will be offered for Vudu users to try out the service. If neither the catches or prices turned you off, the feature should go live today so keep your eye on an update to the Vudu app if you're interested. Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into digital movies! Upgrade your app and convert your collection today! • It’s easy! Scan the UPC, convert with a click, and watch anytime, anywhere • Conversions start at just $2; watch instantly • Access your movies on any Vudu compatible device Don’t have your UPC? Try Vudu To Go on your computer or laptop and convert with your disc. Learn more at vudu.com/disc End of Update Download: Vudu Movies & TV (Play Store) Press Release Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Vudu’s Mobile Disc-to-Digital is Available Starting Today for Nearly 8,000 Movies March 23, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vudu, Walmart’s subscription-free, premium video streaming service, announced today the launch of the first mobile offering to convert DVDs and Blu-rays into digital libraries, right from a customer’s phone. Available beginning today, March 23, at 12:00 a.m. EDT, Mobile Disc-to-Digital turns DVDs and Blu-rays into digital movies* with a simple scan through the Vudu app. These movies can then be viewed on hundreds of Vudu-enabled devices including televisions, Blu-ray disc players, gaming consoles, streaming players and through the Vudu app on phones and tablets. Over the past several years, Vudu has seen increased demand for its offerings that bridge physical and digital entertainment, including its in-home Disc-to-Digital service and InstaWatch, which automatically sends customers a digital copy of eligible DVDs or Blu-ray discs purchased at Walmart stores and on Walmart.com. “The average movie collector owns nearly 100 DVDs and Blu-rays.** We know these customers have invested a lot into building their physical movie collections,” said Jeremy Verba, general manager, Vudu. “As more and more customers create digital libraries, we are constantly looking for ways to help them unlock additional value from the movies they already own.” Mobile Disc-to-Digital works on iPhones and Android devices and is available for nearly 8,000 movies from Lionsgate, Paramount Home Media Distribution, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment, Universal Pictures Home Entertainment and Warner Bros. Home Entertainment. Additional titles will be added in the coming months. Movie fans can convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-ray disc to HDX for $2. To upgrade DVDs to HDX, it will cost $5 per title. All Vudu users will receive one complimentary first-time mobile conversion. Mobile Disc-to-Digital conversions must take place at a customer’s home / billing address. Mobile Disc-to-Digital works in three easy steps: 1. Scan – Navigate to Disc-to-Digital in the Vudu app and scan the barcode on the physical disc case. 2. Convert – Choose SD or HDX. Submit one title or scan all of your movies before submitting. 3. Watch – Watch your movies on any Vudu-enabled device. “Like Walmart, at Vudu we’re always striving to save our customers time and money,” added Verba. “Our Mobile Disc-to-Digital service is a key part of Vudu’s broader effort to make digital entertainment access simple and convenient.” For more information on Vudu, visit www.Vudu.com. *Customers need a free UltraViolet account in order to use Mobile Disc-to-Digital **Fox Media & Tech Tracker - 2016 About Vudu With more than 100,000 titles that can be watched on movie lovers’ favorite devices, Vudu gives users anytime, anywhere access to favorite movies and television shows. At home or on the go, online or offline, Vudu delivers a premium entertainment experience with the latest in digital video and entertainment technology, including 4K Ultra High Definition, Dolby Vision HDR and Dolby Atmos Cinema Sound. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Tags blu-ray to digital convert dvds to digital disc-to-digital vudu walmart subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Arlo Q 2-pack of 1080p cameras available for $260 on Amazon ($90 off) ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Get a Sony Xperia XZ for $430 ($220 off) with a U.S. warranty from eBay Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments FernandoRocker What prevent us to just generate the barcodes and scan them from the computer's screen? Justin W Same thing that prevents you from walking into a store and scanning an on-the-shelf DVD you haven't purchased: nothing. F4LL0U7 The GPS feature prevents you from doing it at the store, but you could take a photo at the store and then do it at home. I don't really care enough to go through that hassle, but I'll definitely do the one complimentary conversion to try out the service. Impulse_Vigil I'm curious what does the location feature check for... Cause my billing address is a P.O. box a couple miles from my house. Zorn85 ...well presumably it will check to see if you are at the billing address, which you wouldn't be if it's a PO Box. They may not even accept PO Boxes as billing addresses for that very reason. Impulse_Vigil Vudu does, at least in general, it might error out for the purpose of this service tho. Hasn't gone live so can't very well try it and find out... Gregory What's a billing address? Brett What's a horse shoe? What does a horse shoe do? Are there any horse socks? Is anybody listening to me? Gregory You might be joking, but I genuinely have no idea what a billing address is. Internet search reveals that it's "an address to which you receive your credit card statement", but I've never seen a "credit card statement" in my life either... Matt Do you know what a shipping address is? Demitrius Harris Everybody knows that... clearly, a shipping address is a speech given to an audience of ships. Clearly. My1 well putting credit cards aside, you probably have to register with an address in case any bills or whatever may arrive, and the app will check whether you are at your registered address. F4LL0U7 Everybody my age pees their pants, it's the coolest disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O The address your credit card is registered on. tehboogieman UPCs for DVDs and Blurays are easily available online just like almost any movie that's on this list, Don't even need to go anywhere. I guess it's a way for pirates to launder their movies, but hardly seems worth it to pay for something a person is willing to "steal" Justin W Ah, missed that part of the article. Still, it's quite stupid to assume this would stop anyone from trying to get discount movies, as others have mentioned UPCs are available pretty much universally online. Impulse_Vigil You still need to pay per disc, so I imagine between the 100 movie cap and the cost they've crunched the numbers on possible losses... If you're going to all these trouble you'd probably just pirate it thru p2p anyway. Demitrius Harris Some people rather not steal, no matter the cost or savings. Impulse_Vigil You're misinterpreting my comment, I never justified stealing or pirating... Shoot I commented I'd be trying this out, I *still* buy BDs and even CDs. What I'm saying is that the companies behind this are aware there'll be a certain amount of people trying to game the system and they probably already crunched the numbers on potential losses... Plus they know that pirating a movie online is still much much easier, so they don't need to put so many safeguards on this system... Not that many people are gonna go around scanning barcodes with pretend addresses in order to steal online copies of a movie. Demitrius Harris Thank you for clarifying and yes, I misunderstood what you meant. HeyRadar Honestly, $2 (or $5.00) is a fair price for a media-less video anyway. Why digital and physical copies stayed the same price, was just price fixing. My1 I would agree if this is offline and without annoyances, but I have experienced too much of the bullshit happening there to believe that that would happen. Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Or you could just do it yourself at home using Handbrake. FernandoRocker But you could theoretically stream the Vudu movies from anywhere, not just locally. Impulse_Vigil Yeah that's one advantage... Uploading a bunch of rips to a cloud account or streaming them from home is certainly possible but more of a hassle. slayer91790 Then that's were Plex comes into play. mog386 But with handbrake you can't get hd versions of your DVDs. With Vudu you can get the HDX copy for a bit more. Which is perfect if you have a giant DVD collection that you never got rid of... Like me. Matt But you can't take a picture of a dvd in a store and put the picture into Handbrake. Shagnscooby Headline probably shouldn't imply you can do your whole collection for free when you only get one. A bit click-batey. DEKKER Read again: "for a fee". marcusmarcus2 I hate how articles headlines are click-batey when I don't read them. How dare they. Reading is hard. /s SHunter Couldn't you jus go to the store and start scanning barcodes? Just price checking! /wink cajunflavoredbob Settings > Developer Options > Enable Mock Locations Yes. Yes you could. You could also do a Google Search at home for the DVD box art, which would get you the barcode at home. If they block mock locations, root users can move the mock location app to /system. However, for all this hassle of trying to game Vudu as a service, you could also download the films illegally and not be restricted to Vudu's service. Point is that there are always ways around the artificial road blocks set up by media companies. Illegal is illegal. Choose your poison. Nathan J Well, you're still paying $5 for HD or $2 for SD. The fact that you supposedly bought it on DVD doesn't really matter. I mean, does it really? You could have bought the disc used for however low. You could have borrowed it from a friend. The idea that they made money on the first sale of the DVD is beside the point. They're selling you access to a DRM-locked digital file for $5. It's not an unfair price for the consumer, and it's straight profit to the rightsholder. I don't think you can really cheat them, since you're paying either way. Unless it's the free copy, which I'm guessing Vudu pays for. But they're paying regardless, and they don't see a single rusty red cent of the DVD's initial sale, so it doesn't matter (much) to them. Or at least it shouldn't. My1 you dont even need mock location, you also could just take a picture of the DVD with barcode and take a picture of that picture to scan the barcode, or you check google images. teh Jax Now I just need this to work on my HDDVD titles! jm9843 I did this in-store one time and they treated it like a DVD. So the 'conversion' to HD was a little more expensive ($5 instead of $2). teh Jax No shit?! That's pretty awesome! brararsh At first I read it as "Scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for FREE". My Bad. :) Max Johnson Me too. Why the heck would I want to do it for a 'fee' when I can do it for free myself. enoch861 Well your first conversion is gratis. So there's that. Jeff Beck Keep in mind if you convert 10+ movies at a time you get a 50 percent discount, bringing the cost down to $1 a movie or 2.50 for an HD upgrade if you are using a DVD copy. I converted all the titles I could from my own library a couple years ago. I love not having to use discs anymore and my collection is available almost anywhere through VUDU. marcusmarcus2 Nice catch. Robert Preston It appears they sadly ended that promotion, finally. Josh The standard (long standing) 50% off for converting 10 titles at a time has now expired. Now, newcomers to D2D who use the mobile app to convert titles, get 50% off of 10 for their first conversion only. Previous users get 100% off their first mobile conversion, for a single title. Chris Griffin "Ok." - Plex users mjholtzem So it looks like this service is backed by UltraViolet, so that means discs that you convert with this service should be available on other UltraViolet clients such as Flixter right? enoch861 I believe so. But don't quote me on that. mjholtzem Any clue how that might work with "hdx" titles? enoch861 On other services it'll show up as HD since Vudu is the only one that has "HDX". As far as I can tell any Blu-Ray is redeemed as an HDX title. All my Blu-Rays I've redeemed (with the UV code) show up as HDX. mjholtzem If that's true this is actually pretty compelling Josh Yes, about UltraViolet and Flixster Video. Richard Branches Wish we could have this in other countries, I remember Vudu was planning to go internationally starting with Mexico but it didn't work out, which is sad 😞... Josh When I travelled, I was able to get it working with a VPN connection. Also Hola Unblocker worked in Chrome. Leonardo Baez Limitation of 100 titles per year.... But I have a 450 titles collection. (Dvds plus blurays) Jeff718 Pay again to have access anywhere without carrying around a DVD player. Nathan J Anywhere? So you can download the files for offline use and watch on an airplane? Or anywhere you have unmetered broadband access? Because there is a pretty big difference there. Not trying to be snarky here. I am unfamiliar with the Vudu service. I do have a couple movies up there. Since I started buying Blu-rays, a couple of them have had the digital HD option. (Pro tip, never do Google. They only offer SD copies. Found that out the hard way with Independence Day. Digital HD copy? Google is an option? Oh, Google only offers it in SD? And I can't change my mind and use Vudu instead? Well that sucks!) ProvoAggie They do allow offline playback. You can download them using the app on your tablet, phone or PC. br_hermon I doubt it but... does VUDU allow you to download the files locally so you can store them and play them via VLC, Kodi, etc? Is there DRM? or is it proprietary, and you can only view them on VUDU's servers (streaming)? Japzone It's just like all the other VOD services like iTunes, Google Play, etc. You stream from them, and they have a few apps that support offline playback. Plenty of DRM layered on as required by Hollywood. Jeff718 I toss my cases and put my discs in a binder. Am I screwed if I want to use this service? HeyRadar You may not be able to use the smartphone app, but you can still use the service using a PC, or taking your discs to Walmart. Course, you could probably find the UPC on the internet. Josh Note that the in-store Walmart conversion service ends on April 1. Mr. Robot Sounds like there's no conversion involved. This company just sells you those movies in digital form for a lower price because you already own the physical discs. But the article misses some important information, f.e. what format you get and if there's DRM or not. I bet there is. Japzone It doesn't miss anything. This is clearly about Vudu, a popular VOD Streaming service owned by Walmart. Everything is streamed and DRM protected, with some apps that support offline playback. Just like every other VOD Streaming service out there that deals with Hollywood content. Mr. Robot Sorry, not everybody who reads AP is from the US. I have never before heard of this service and as I said, the word "conversion" is a bit misleading IMO. And even after your answer I still don't know the format. Is it h264, hevc, VP9? Japzone There is no user accessible format. The content is accessed like Netflix. You stream using their website or apps, and the apps have a DRM protected offline function so you can store videos offline for a flight or trip. The user never gets direct access to the files. Sorian >400 dvds and blu-rays.... yeah... that's expensive for now. RyanT I'd say about half of my collection came with digital copies, would be nice to eventually have the other half digital as well, not to mention upgrading those awful old DVDs. Motoinsistor It's live now, just showed up for me in settings pfmiller Doesn't work for me. Tried my free conversion and it app just "captures" your UPC before you even have a chance to line up the barcode. Even if you manage to get the barcode lined up in time it always reports that it can't find the UPC. Michael Scapp I tried this today, and I got an error message every time. Still buggy, hoping it gets better with updates. My1 is this thing US only? would be great to convert my anime collection over. but probably the digital version is either online only and/or riddled with DRM Skeeter P I added some the first night. Now I tried to add more and it keeps saying location has to be same as billing address. It won't work. I didn't move from night before?? Powered phone off. restarted. checked location Button nothing helps. Any ideas? Max Miller http://www.upcitemdb.com You're welcome... Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 141k 104k Latest Deals 0 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 [Deal Alert] Grab these free and 10-cent apps, games, and icon packs 2017/04/05 6:44am PDTApr 5, 2017 22 [Deal Alert] The Moto G4 Plus is $189.99 ($60 off) on Amazon 2017/04/04 2:26pm PDTApr 4, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Amazon is discounting unlocked phones from Sony, LeEco, Lenovo, and more by up to $125 2017/04/04 12:33pm PDTApr 4, 2017 0 [Deal Alert] Amazon has a 2-node Netgear Orbi Home WiFi system and an Echo Dot bundle for $330 ($91 off) 2017/04/04 12:00pm PDTApr 4, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 76 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 33 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 2 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 23 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 5 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 11 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 27 36 new and notable Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/7/17 - 3/20/17) 2017/03/20 4:36pm PDTMar 20, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 14 [Update: Unreleased version is available on limited devices] The Elder Scrolls: Legends card battle game comes to Android in pre-release form 2017/04/06 4:34pm PDTApr 6, 2017 17 King is making the next... Call of Duty for mobile 2017/04/06 3:37pm PDTApr 6, 2017 74 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 11 Over a year later, Facebook's M assistant finally makes its way into Messenger 2017/04/06 3:03pm PDTApr 6, 2017 9 Runtastic's new app is all about healthy recipes and its name is... Runtasty 2017/04/06 2:30pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 152 1 Year Ago Today [Update: APK Download] Reddit Finally Releases Its Official Android App And Gives Free Reddit Gold For Early Adopters 2016/04/07 3:30am PDTApr 7, 2016 97 2 Years Ago Today [APK Download + Teardown] Google App v4.4 Finally Adds Nicknames For Everyone (Maybe), Also Shows Progress On Trusted Voice And A New 'Seamless Hotword' Experiment 2015/04/07 3:15pm PDTApr 7, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Has Enabled Casting YouTube Live Streams To The Chromecast, But Only From The Desktop Right Now 2014/04/07 11:28pm PDTApr 7, 2014 82 4 Years Ago Today Front Page Of Play Store 4.0 Redesign Revealed By YouTuber 2013/04/07 2:34pm PDTApr 7, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today The Slingshot Is A Mobile Phone Stabilizer, Tripod, And Universal Camera Mount, Made Of Pure Engineering Magic 2012/04/07 3:51pm PDTApr 7, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today Canucks Rejoice: Nexus S and Motorola Xoom Now Available In Canada 2011/04/07 7:10pm PDTApr 7, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Finally - The Official Nexus One Car Dock Available At A Whopping $55 2010/04/07 4:36pm PDTApr 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 76 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 120 GBoard v6.2 adds a Text Editor tool for fine cursor control, resizing the one-handed keyboard, new languages, and much more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/06 12:31am PDTApr 6, 2017 19 Android Nougat OTA rolling out to the Galaxy Note 5 and S6 edge+ on Sprint 2017/04/06 2:55am PDTApr 6, 2017 20 Sprint unveils the new Unlimited Freedom plan pricing, still a limited time promo 2017/04/06 9:51am PDTApr 6, 2017 71 Broadcom WiFi vulnerability allows remote code execution, affects almost all Android devices 2017/04/06 9:20am PDTApr 6, 2017 Last 7 Days 123 Google posts 7.1.2 changelog, adds battery usage alerts and fixes serious bugs on Pixel and Nexus devices 2017/04/03 8:03pm PDTApr 3, 2017 59 'Muskie,' the larger of the next-generation Pixel phones, appears in AOSP 2017/04/04 4:54pm PDTApr 4, 2017 70 [Update: It's live] T-Mobile announces free, automatic scam call blocking 2017/04/05 2:35pm PDTApr 5, 2017 46 Google Photos details info page shows you the people inside a photo 2017/04/05 5:54am PDTApr 5, 2017 60 The Moto G5 Plus is not eating SIM cards, people just need to pay more attention 2017/04/03 8:38am PDTApr 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 307 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 223 [Update: Google responds] Android 7.0 OTA update is being pushed to Nexus 6 phones running 7.1.1 2017/03/15 4:06pm PDTMar 15, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 112 queries | 0.943s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
null
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More Corgis take over Huntington Beach this weekend complete with costume contest, kissing booth Police body camera footage shows shooting death of former Placentia man in Utah Red Nose Day surprises diners at Watson's in Orange for hidden-camera campaign Republican club wants OCC trustees to reject faculty member of the year award for anti-Trump instructor No shortage of goals for Ducks, who blank shorthanded Blackhawks Ducks defenseman Cam Fowler out two-to-six weeks, will miss start of playoffs One rough inning dooms Tyler Skaggs in Angels' loss to A's Yasiel Puig's two home runs power Dodgers past Padres Global sushi bar, Nobu, opens Friday in Newport Beach Bids start at $100 for 263 timeshares in Orange County tax auction Plan to turn Huntington Beach open space into storage area for car dealers draws residents' ire Mortgage rates down for third straight week Dreamcar has fun with fans at its live debut in Santa Ana Appreciation: Comics remember insult legend Don Rickles Comedian Don Rickles, king of insult comedy, dies at 90 The Offspring frontman Dexter Holland talks Gringo Bandito Hot Sauce before headlining Sabroso Top news Business 8 Orange County stores among Payless locations set for closures April 6, 2017 Updated 4:01 p.m. 1 of 2 Eight Orange County Payless ShoeSource stores have been marked for closure by the bankrupt retailer, which has said it will shutter at least 400 stores across the U.S.. AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes 1 of 2 Eight Orange County Payless ShoeSource stores have been marked for closure by the bankrupt retailer, which has said it will shutter at least 400 stores across the U.S. FILE PHOTO View slideshow Eight Orange County Payless ShoeSource stores have been marked for closure by the bankrupt retailer, which has said it will shutter at least 400 stores across the U.S..AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes By HANNAH MADANS Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Graphics Eight Orange County Payless ShoeSource stores have been marked for closure by the bankrupt retailer, which has said it will shutter at least 400 stores across the U.S. Payless ShoeSource, which features budget shoes, will close more than 50 stores in California, more than half of which are in Southern California. The stores closing in Orange County are: • Brea: Union Plaza • Garden Grove Pavillion • Huntington Beach:Wal MartCenter • Santa Ana: Bristol Place • Orange: Target Center • Santa Ana: Bristol Marketplace • Fullerton: Target Fullerton Shopping Center • San Clemente: Plaza Pacifica “This is a difficult, but necessary decision, driven by the continued challenges of the retail environment, which will only intensify,” Payless CEO Paul Jones said in a statement. The company said in a statement it intended to use the Chapter 11 process to "implement a comprehensive path forward to meaningfully enhance our growth profile and profitability, positioning us to continue to thrive as a sustainable business in the face of the retail industry’s radical, unprecedented transformation.” The Topeka, Kansas-based retailer employs almost 22,000 people, according to its website, and has more than 4,000 stores in 30 countries, according to Bloomberg. Many U.S. retailers have struggled to navigate changing consumer habits, including a shift to online shopping and fewer visits to the mall. In the past year, clothing chains American Apparel and Limited Stores have begun shutting down retail operations, while dressmaker BCBG Max Azria and discount chain Gordmans Stores filed for bankruptcy with plans to auction their assets. Even a behemoth like Sears Holdings Corp. has warned investors that its prospects to continue as a going concern are dimming. Irvine-based Wet Seal filed for bankruptcy protection in February, its second time in a handful of years. The teen retailer, founded by Lorne Huycke in Newport Beach in 1962, had 171 stores, all of which are closing. Its intellectual property has been bought for $3 million by Boston-based investment firm Gordon Brothers Brands, pending court approval. Anaheim-based Pacific Sunwear of California's reorganization plan was approved in September. PacSun gave its stock to affiliates of private equity firm Golden Gate Capital, its senior lender. Huntington Beach-based Quiksilver filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September 2015. In October of that year, the company received court approval for a $175 million financing package with Oaktree Capital Management, which now holds a controlling interest in the company. Aeropostale Inc. filed for bankruptcy in May. A group of buyers led by mall operators Simon Property Group Inc. and General Growth Properties Inc. announced in 2016 they would keep at least 229 of Aeropostale's locations open. There were approximately 800 Aeropostale stores before it filed for bankruptcy protection. Earlier this year The Limited filed for bankruptcy after closing down its 250 stores and shuttering its website. The company entered into an asset purchase agreement with an affiliate of private equity company Sycamore Partners. Sycamore will acquire the company's assets and intellectual property. American Apparel has started mass layoffs as it shutters stores. The brand filed for bankruptcy twice in just over a year. Canadian clothing manufacturer Gildan Activewear is buying the company for $88 million. Payless said in its bankruptcy filing that it had $1 billion to $10 billion in liabilities. Other Southern California store closures are: • Azusa: Citrus Crossing • Bell Gardens: Sherwood Shopping Plaza • Corona: Corona Hills Marketplace • El Monte: 11934 Garvey Ave • Hemet: Page Plaza • Long Beach: 455 W Willow St • Los Angeles: Clinging Vine Shopping Center • Los Angeles: 2602 N Broadway • Palmdale: The Place On 47th Street • Palmdale: Palmdale Promenade • Riverside: 10181 Magnolia Ave • Rosemead: Rosemead Plaza • San Bernardino: 1077 W Highland Ave • Torrance: Del Amo Fashion Center • Upland: 1570 W Foothill Blvd • Valencia: Westfield Valencia • Wilmington: El Super Center • Woodland Hills: 20829 Ventura Blvd Contact the writer: hmadans@ocregister.com or Twitter: @HannahMadans Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular 8 Orange County stores among Payless locations set for closures Anaheim school lockdown lifted after armed suspect not found inside house New Fastpass now works for Toy Story Midway Mania, Matterhorn at Disneyland Firefighters discover blaze at Tustin home during training Corgis take over Huntington Beach this weekend complete with costume contest, kissing boo 1 of User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Corgis take over Huntington Beach this weekend complete with costume contest, kissing booth Police body camera footage shows shooting death of former Placentia man in Utah Red Nose Day surprises diners at Watson's in Orange for hidden-camera campaign Republican club wants OCC trustees to reject faculty member of the year award for anti-Trump instructor No shortage of goals for Ducks, who blank shorthanded Blackhawks Ducks defenseman Cam Fowler out two-to-six weeks, will miss start of playoffs One rough inning dooms Tyler Skaggs in Angels' loss to A's Yasiel Puig's two home runs power Dodgers past Padres Global sushi bar, Nobu, opens Friday in Newport Beach Bids start at $100 for 263 timeshares in Orange County tax auction Plan to turn Huntington Beach open space into storage area for car dealers draws residents' ire Mortgage rates down for third straight week Dreamcar has fun with fans at its live debut in Santa Ana Appreciation: Comics remember insult legend Don Rickles Comedian Don Rickles, king of insult comedy, dies at 90 The Offspring frontman Dexter Holland talks Gringo Bandito Hot Sauce before headlining Sabroso Top news Education » Serra Catholic School breaks ground on new chapel, student center Sunset Lane Elementary plans to build a sensory room for its 18 students with autism Republican club wants OCC trustees to reject faculty member of the year award for anti-Trump instructor BUSINESS » Global sushi bar, Nobu, opens Friday in Newport Beach Bids start at $100 for 263 timeshares in Orange County tax auction Plan to turn Huntington Beach open space into storage area for car dealers draws residents' ire O.C. Watchdog » Orange County sheriff: California bill could cost department $26 million contract Twins, divided: The fate of mentally disabled husband heading to mediation Are criminals working at your mom's state-licensed care home? Health Care » Will I lose my health insurance with the GOP plan? For millions in California, the answer is yes CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future ENTERTAINMENT » Dreamcar has fun with fans at its live debut in Santa Ana Appreciation: Comics remember insult legend Don Rickles Comedian Don Rickles, king of insult comedy, dies at 90 Food » Zov's pastry chef shows you how to decorate Easter cookies Here are a few Orange County Easter brunch options Retail-restaurant roundup: Del Taco near Disneyland closes, Sweaty Betty opens at Lido Marina Village TELEVISION » How a movie villain inspired TV prankster and magician Michael Carbonaro Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Shirley Chung or Brooke Williamson? Who is crowned Season 14 Top Chef winner Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Crime victims honored at annual Victims' Rights Rally in Santa Ana SLIDESHOW » Street style: What they are wearing at the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising SLIDESHOW » Corgis take over Huntington Beach this weekend complete with costume contest, kissing booth CARTOONS » Cartoons: President Kushner? SLIDESHOW » Red Nose Day surprises diners at Watson's in Orange for hidden-camera campaign TRADE WITH CHINA » Trade with China is a major boost to local ports Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Home News Community Opinion Sports Obituaries Public Notices Photo Gallery Classifieds Special Publications Athletes of the Week Business Directory Beauty Spot Pets of the Week Rack Locations Subscriptions Contact Clermont Sun Survey Friday, April 07, 2017 Persons with DD impress at job fair April 6th, 2017    Author: Administrator    Filed Under: News By Megan Alley Sun staff A group of individuals with developmental disabilities had the opportunity to show off their skills and work experience to potential employers during a reverse job fair on March 21. Pictured, from left, are Scott Brown, community employment services program coordinator for CCBDD, and job seeker Anna Throckmorton. The event was held from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Ohio Means Jobs Clermont County, located at 756 Cincinnati-Batavia Pike. The Clermont County Board of Developmental Disabilities coordinated the job fair event. Ahead of the event, jobseekers attended a three-day job readiness boot camp. While there, job seekers honed their interviewing skills, created elevator speeches and learned how to dress suitably for an interview. Additionally, each participant created a display board about his/her job skills and compiled a portfolio with specific information. Information included a headshot, copies of their resume, certificates of achievement, letters of recommendation and any other honors received in a prior job or school class. All of the materials were displayed at the event, which some nine employers, including representatives from The Home Depot, Kroger, Walmart and McDonald’s, attended. Jobseeker Marina Bolin, 23, who is a trained and experienced housekeeper looking to continue in that line of work, or as a dishwasher, said that she felt really good about her interactions with potential employers. “I liked talking to them,” she added. Sherri Bowling, business service representative for OMJCC, said turnout for the event, which was the first of its kind hosted by the agency, exceeded expectations. “We actually had employers waiting to get in before 10 a.m. this morning, so we were very excited about that, and we’ve heard some very positive feedback from the employers where they’re interested in multiple individuals,” she said. “We hope to make it an annual event.” Bowling said that the employers were looking to fill “many positions” in the area, including jobs in food service, general labor and retail. Matthew Lisa, general manager for Red Robin in Milford, met three job candidates and conducted two on-site interviews. “This event gave me the opportunity to observe body language, before even approaching … and they all had resumes and posters made which actually really was quite helpful, because in the posters, some of them had pictures of them busing tables or running dish machines,” Lisa said, adding, “From the visibility piece, and then the resume and poster, I was able to gauge what candidates might be an interesting interview for me.” Lisa has a history of hiring and working with individuals with developmental disabilities. In 2015, Red Robin in Milford was named “Employer of the Year” by the CCBDD. “These folks, through the program, apply for and are usually working the toughest positions to fill. So, I use this program because of its reliability and its dependability,” Lisa said. “These folks, when they have a job, they appreciate it, which is a lost art anymore.” He added, “One thing that I make very clear is that they fulfill a specific need within the restaurant. It is not a special needs job. It is a job that a special needs individual has the skills and ability to fill. We do not adjust the job requirements in any way.” SHARE: « Hollywood comes to Bethel Ohio coal communities saved from costly plan » Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   Batavia, Ohio Cloudy40°F real feel: 30°F humidity: 67% wind speed: 6 m/s WNW   Popular Recent Comments Tags Voters reject West Clermont school levy November 7, 2012 · 11 Comments Eastgate interchanges to open soon July 16, 2015 · 10 Comments DAN BARE What would Jefferson think? July 8, 2011 · 9 Comments Man sentenced for abduction April 8, 2015 · 9 Comments DAN BARE Extreme disrespect displayed by NBC June 30, 2011 · 7 Comments Public Notices for April 6, 2017 April 6, 2017 · No comments Amelia softball trounces Norwood 11-1 April 6, 2017 · No comments Batavia’s Gadbury no-hits Goshen April 6, 2017 · No comments Students head to conference April 6, 2017 · No comments Milford High School-Great Oaks DECA students headed to nationals April 6, 2017 · No comments DAVE LEONARD: Bob was a wonderful person and a true joy to be around. He saved my l... Steve Magas: We started working on a Three Foot law in 2012/2013. When it was intro... Lisa Karyl: I always donate to my local charities.Giving back to the community is ... Mrs. Clarissa Acierto: I moved to Amelia almost 12 years ago. At one point I thought things w... Megan Thieman: All I have to say is Mrs.Walker is like a mom figure to all of us and ... Amelia Barons Football Amelia Barons Soccer Amelia Lady Barons Basketball Amelia Lady Barons Soccer Amelia Lady Barons Volleyball Batavia Bulldogs Football Batavia Bulldogs Soccer Batavia Lady Bulldogs Volleyball Bethel Bethel-Tate Lady Tigers Soccer Bethel-Tate Lady Tigers Volleyball Bethel-Tate Tigers Football Bethel-Tate Tigers Soccer Clermont Northeastern Lady Rockets Soccer Clermont Northeastern Lady Rockets Volleyball Clermont Northeastern Rockets Football Evans Funeral Home Felicity-Franklin Cardinals Softball Felicity-Franklin Lady Cardinals Volleyball Glen Este Lady Trojans Soccer Glen Este Lady Trojans Volleyball Glen Este Trojans Football Glen Este Trojans Soccer Goshen Lady Warriors Basketball Goshen Lady Warriors Soccer Goshen Lady Warriors Volleyball Goshen Warriors Basketball Goshen Warriors Football Milford Eagles Football Milford Lady Eagles Soccer Milford Lady Eagles Volleyball New Richmond Lady Lions Basketball New Richmond Lady Lions Soccer New Richmond Lady Lions Volleyball New Richmond Lions Football New Richmond Lions Soccer November 2010 terri schlichenmeyer the bookworm sez UC Clermont Cougars Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Basketball Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Soccer Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Volleyball Williamsburg Wildcats Basketball Williamsburg Wildcats Football 465 East Main Street · Batavia, Ohio 45103 Phone: 513.732.2511 · Fax 513.732.6344 · E-mail info@clermontsun.com Copyright © 2011-16 Clermont Sun Publishing Company.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now The e-commerce giant is stepping up efforts to finally break into the grocery business. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Apr 6, 2017 at 1:12PM Dubbed the "Everything Store," Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is making that name truer and truer with each passing year. The company is dominating retail sectors ranging from books to electronics to sporting goods and even apparel.  And it's branching beyond retail into areas like video streaming and cloud computing to flex its muscles. But one component of the retail industry has eluded Amazon's grasp: groceries. With annual nationwide sales of groceries in the $800 billion range, it's easy to see why the company covets a piece of that market. Not only can fresh food bring a huge revenue stream into Amazon's fold, as it did with Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), but the repetitive nature of grocery shopping also fits within Amazon's overall business model, which favors repeated small purchases over big-ticket one-time purchases like car parts or building materials. Recently, Amazon has intensified its efforts in the grocery space. Last year, the company expanded its AmazonFresh delivery program to a number of new cities and lowered the price from $299/year to $15/month, equal to a substantial drop. In December, it unveiled Amazon Go, a cashierless convenience store that uses cameras, sensors and other technology to charge customers based on what they take out of the store. The store was supposed to open to the public last week, but issues with the technology have delayed that opening. An AmazonFresh Pickup attendant puts groceries in a trunk. Source: Amazon Just last week, Amazon announced a new program called AmazonFresh Pickup at two locations in Seattle where customers will soon be able to order groceries on their phones and then retrieve them at a drive-thru kiosk. In an unrelated move, the company also shuttered its Quidsi subsidisary, the parent of Diapers.com, and said it would move its software development team to "focus on building technology for AmazonFresh." Clearly, grocery has become a key focus for Amazon's domestic business. The opportunity is huge, with nearly $1 trillion in annual sales, but the timing of its current push is curious -- Amazon moved slowly with Fresh after first introducing it in Seattle in 2007. Growth or else The most logical explanation for Amazon's increased fixation on disrupting the supermarket business is that the company needs to continue growing its top line. Wall Street demands growth from nearly every publicly traded company, but Amazon, with its triple-digit P/E valuation and track record of 20% revenue growth or better in nearly every quarter in its history, needs to maintain that growth rate. Without it, the stock would likely plummet unless profits suddenly jumped. Amazon Prime, the $99/year membership program that offers free two-day shipping, video streaming, and a host of other benefits, has proven to be enormously popular, but with roughly half of American households signed up for the service, that growth engine may be fading as Amazon runs out of new customers to convert. The grocery sector is one of the few opportunities with the potential to replace it. The one-stop shop With speedy delivery and tens of millions of items available on its website, Amazon has long aspired to be a one-shop for its customers. It's used Prime to further strengthen that bond, persuading customers to shop on Amazon before, or even without, considering any alternatives. But groceries has long been a weakness. Most Americans shop for fresh food multiple times a month, and losing out on that frequent purchase means shoppers depend on rivals like Wal-Mart and Costco, rather than just looking to Amazon for all their needs. Selling groceries also gives Amazon the potential to further bundle services to a membership model as it's tried to do with AmazonFresh, strengthening its competitive advantages. Will it work? Of all of Amazon's ideas, Amazon Go with its breakthrough technology has the most potential to disrupt the industry, but the recent delays call its future into question. AmazonFresh Pickup seems to be little more than a clone of a service Wal-Mart and Kroger are already providing at hundreds of stores. And the delivery model, for a number of reasons, has just not taken off. Grocery will likely continue to be challenging for Amazon. In addition to the special requirements of handling and delivering perishable goods, consumers often have urgent needs for food, like picking up something for dinner on the way home, and can't always order in advance and wait for it. Consumers have also shown they like to handle and select the produce they buy, creating a need for an in-person visit to the supermarket. E-commerce is slowly influencing the industry as we see with the "click-and-collect" model, but without a significant innovation, Amazon is unlikely to see dramatic growth in the space. Its e-commerce strengths have historically been speed of delivery and selection, but those attributes simply aren't as valuable in the grocery industry. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 1:12PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $71.43 down $0.22 (-0.31%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $898.28 down $-11.00 (-1.21%) Read More A Foolish Take: Amazon's Robot Army Amazon Forced to Backtrack on Free Shipping Minimum Amazon Prime Instant Video Is a Huge Loss Leader To Challenge Amazon, Wal-Mart Should Follow Lyft's Example Amazon's Latest Move in Grocery Is Nothing New Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper US trade group hacked with Chinese software ahead of Xi-Trump summit The hackers left a malicious link on webpages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council register for upcoming meetings. PHOTO: BLOOMBERG PublishedApr 6, 2017, 9:33 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XJ2 Copy SAN FRANCISCO (REUTERS) - A sophisticated hacking group that pursues Chinese government interests broke into the website of a private US trade group ahead of Thursday's (April 6) summit between US President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to researchers. The hackers left a malicious link on webpages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council (NFTC) register for upcoming meetings, according to researchers at Fidelis Cybersecurity and a person familiar with the trade group. The nonprofit NFTC is a prominent advocate on international trade policy, with corporate members including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Amazon.com Inc, Ford Motor Co and Microsoft Corp. The malicious link deployed a spying tool called Scanbox, which would have recorded the type and versions of software running on the computers of those exposed to it, said Fidelis researcher John Bambenek. Such reconnaissance is typically followed by new attacks using known flaws in the detected software, especially older versions. Scanbox has only been used by groups associated with the Chinese government, Fidelis said, and was recently seen on a political site aimed at Uyghurs, an ethnic minority under close government scrutiny in China. The breach was detected about five weeks ago by a NFTC director who is a customer of Fidelis, the security company said. Both the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the NFTC were notified and the malicious link removed, and Fidelis said it had no evidence of NFTC members being infected. The FBI and the NFTC declined to comment. A spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Bambenek said he believed the attack was classic espionage related to international trade talks, rather than a violation of a 2015 agreement between former US President Barack Obama and Xi to end spying for commercial motives. The summit starting on Thursday is the first meeting between Xi and Trump, who blamed China on the campaign trail for the loss of many US jobs and vowed to confront the country's leaders on the matters of trade and currency manipulation. "I think it's traditional espionage that happens ahead of any summit," said Bambenek. "They would like to know what we, the Americans, really care about and use that for leverage." Other security firms agreed that wholesale theft of US intellectual property has not returned. Instead, FireEye Inc and BAE Systems Plc said that the hacking group identified by Fidelis, called APT10, has recently attacked government and commercial targets in Europe. FireEye researcher John Hultquist said heavy industries in Nordic countries have been hacked more often as Beijing switches priorities. "They are certainly taking those resources and pushing them to other places where they can still get away with this behaviour," Hultquist said. Topics:  XI-TRUMP SUMMIT HACKING More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XJ2 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
RTV6 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Interactive Radar 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Todays Forecast Cams Maps/Radars Closings & Delays Weather Alerts Traffic + Traffic Map Gas Prices News + Local U.S./World Call 6 Crime Good News Politics DecodeDC Moving to Mexico Hot Button Photos Money + Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart Sports + Colts Pacers Indy 500 College High School Life + Event Calendar Horoscope Jefferson Awards Home Tour LoveIndy Entertainment + Food TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Comics Right This Minute The List Video + Live Video RTV6 Live Newscasts Indianapolis This Week YouTube Channel ABC Live Video Marketplace + Contests STEM About Us + Contact Us News Team Mobile Newsletters Advertise Support Current 37 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 35° HI: -° LO: 35° HI: -° LO: 35° More Weather Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 17 Weather Alerts Flood Warning issued April 6 at 11:53AM EDT expiring April 8 at 9:00PM EDT in effect for: Cass, Kosciusko, Miami, Wabash, Whitley Flood Warning issued April 6 at 12:29PM EDT expiring April 14 at 4:24PM EDT in effect for: Parke, Vermillion, Vigo Flood Warning issued April 6 at 12:29PM EDT expiring April 13 at 5:36AM EDT in effect for: Fountain, Parke, Vermillion, Warren Flood Warning issued April 6 at 12:29PM EDT expiring April 8 at 8:00AM EDT in effect for: Carroll, Tippecanoe, White Flood Warning issued April 6 at 12:29PM EDT expiring April 8 at 4:00PM EDT in effect for: Tippecanoe Flood Warning issued April 6 at 12:29PM EDT expiring April 13 at 9:00AM EDT in effect for: Parke, Vermillion, Vigo Flood Warning issued April 6 at 12:29PM EDT expiring April 7 at 12:28PM EDT in effect for: Fountain, Parke, Tippecanoe, Vermillion, Warren Flood Warning issued April 5 at 10:27PM EDT expiring April 8 at 9:30PM EDT in effect for: Marion, Morgan Flood Warning issued April 5 at 10:27PM EDT expiring April 10 at 12:30AM EDT in effect for: Jackson, Lawrence, Washington Flood Warning issued April 5 at 10:27PM EDT expiring April 12 at 11:25PM EDT in effect for: Daviess, Greene, Knox Flood Warning issued April 5 at 10:27PM EDT expiring April 9 at 8:00AM EDT in effect for: Monroe, Morgan, Owen Flood Warning issued April 5 at 10:27PM EDT expiring April 9 at 2:00PM EDT in effect for: Monroe, Morgan, Owen Flood Warning issued April 5 at 10:27PM EDT expiring April 12 at 2:45PM EDT in effect for: Daviess, Greene, Knox Flood Warning issued April 4 at 10:32PM EDT expiring April 13 at 12:48AM EDT in effect for: Fountain, Parke, Vermillion, Warren Flood Warning issued April 4 at 10:32PM EDT expiring April 14 at 12:17PM EDT in effect for: Parke, Vermillion, Vigo Flood Warning issued April 4 at 10:32PM EDT expiring April 14 at 12:17PM EDT in effect for: Parke, Vermillion, Vigo Flood Warning issued April 4 at 10:32PM EDT expiring April 13 at 12:48AM EDT in effect for: Fountain, Parke, Vermillion, Warren 17 Weather Alerts Alerts MISSING: 78-year-old Gary man could be in danger Undercover detective says truck driver arranged to meet 'teen' for sex at Randolph Co. Walmart Jordan Fischer 1:58 PM, Apr 6, 2017 Share Article Lance P. Parsons, 41 Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next RANDOLPH COUNTY, Ind. -- A Randolph County truck driver was arrested Tuesday for allegedly trying to arrange a sexual encounter over Facebook with a person he thought was a 15-year-old girl. A detective with the Randolph County Sheriff's Department reportedly began communicating with 41-year-old Lance P. Parsons via Facebook Messenger under the guise of being a 15-year-old female. According to a probable cause affidavit filed Wednesday, Parsons made several sexual statements during the conversation, including graphic references to oral sex acts he would perform on the girl. Investigators say Parsons and the undercover detective eventually agreed to meet at the Walmart store in Winchester, Indiana, to have sex. Parsons reportedly texted the detective that he was on his way from Rossburg, Ohio – about 30 miles away – where he had been loading up his semi. When Parsons pulled into the Walmart parking lot, officers placed him under arrest. Parsons reportedly told police in an interview that he "was up there probably for talking with the young female." He also said he felt that he was lured into the situation. According to the affidavit, Parsons told police he only stopped at Walmart to use the restroom, and then he was going to go home.   Parsons faces charges of child solicitation and attempted sexual misconduct with a minor, both level 4 felonies. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story More Crime Stories Sheriff: Man arrested hiding in pig-pen Former prosecutor Brizzi suspended for 30 days Double SWAT raid nets drugs, guns, 6 arrests PC: Man fondled himself in front of young girls Trucker arranged to meet teen for sex at Walmart Armed, masked robber threatens to shoot customer Local NewsWeather Traffic Sports Entertainment Life MarketplaceSupport RTV6 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Hot Button TV Listings Community Calendar uReport Call 6 Good News Jefferson Awards Contests Mobile Apps RTV6 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Windows Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air Listen Listen Live radioPup Events Calendar of Events Submit your Event to the Newstalk Calendar Expo Events Vendor Application VIPs VIP Exclusive Benefits Sign Up VIP Help Contests 2017 Bracket Challenge Newstalk VIP Contests Weather Local Tri-State Better Business Bureau Westside Nut Club Fall Festival Digital Job Hub Seize the Deal Contact Us Help & Contact Info Feedback Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Tip Us What’s Hot: 2017 Bracket Challenge Tristate News Weather BBB Purdue Indianapolis Colts Which Works Better: Yeti Or Ozark Trail Ramblers By Travis Sams April 6, 2017 12:15 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter The Yeti brand has created a well respected reputation for how great their products work, but ever since they lost their patent, other companies have tried to recreate their products. Do they work just as well as Yeti does? I put this to the test as I noticed that Wal-Mart now Ozark Trial brand rambler has become more and more popular. They started to come out with different colored ramblers and people were naturally attracted to them more than Yeti (which recently released a few different colors themselves). The question remained…did the Ozark Trail brand hold up as well as the Yeti, or was it a cheap knock off? Check out the test video to see:   Subscribe to WGBFAM on Retail price for the 30 Yeti Rambler is at $39.99, while you can purchase the 30 oz Ozark Trail Rambler for only $9.74 at Walmart. If you want the name brand, you will be spending about $30 more than you would for the Ozark Trail brand…even though they work the same. Category: News | Videos | What's New Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 1280 USI Sorority Hosting Cooking Competition Benefit for SMILE on Down Syndrome This Sunday Homemade Banana Split Cake Pudding Poke Cake [RECIPE] Hype People Wanted – Evansville Otters Hosting Otterbelle and Mascot Tryouts Evansville Law Enforcement Increasing Search for Distracted Drivers Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the DJs Offsite User WGBFAM on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Latest from News Talk 1280 Watch IU Basketball Alum Victor Oladipo Sing R. Kelly’s ‘I Believe I Can Fly’ [VIDEO] April 7, 2017 1:00 AM Please Stop Posting Pics of Your Kids Using the Bathroom on Social Media April 6, 2017 6:30 PM Pastor Jamus Edwards (Shaped by Faith) April 6, 2017 3:00 PM Which Works Better: Yeti Or Ozark Trail Ramblers April 6, 2017 12:15 PM Join Now Get access to exclusive contests, giveaways, and benefits! Give feedback, play games & trivia, and earn points to get closer to those rewards! Sign Up Now Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! EEO Advertise with Newstalk 1280 Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Evansville Business Listings Welcome back to Newstalk VIPs It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newstalk VIPs It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk1280.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newstalk VIPs (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: Sign up for Newstalk VIPs Register Now Sign up for Newstalk VIPs quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newstalk VIPs contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: WGBFAM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Washington Free Beacon National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Store Sally Kohn Makes False Claim About Nuclear Option Pentagon Drawing Up Options for Potential Military Response to Syria Gas Attack President of Al Sharpton’s NAN Affiliate Suggests Arabs ‘Rape’ His Community U.S. Trade Group Hacked With Chinese Software Ahead of Xi Summit Share Tweet Email Reuters BY: Reuters April 6, 2017 12:36 pm By Joseph Menn SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) – A sophisticated hacking group that pursues Chinese government interests broke into the website of a private U.S. trade group ahead of Thursday's summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to researchers. The hackers left a malicious link on web pages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council (NFTC) register for upcoming meetings, according to researchers at Fidelis Cybersecurity and a person familiar with the trade group. The nonprofit NFTC is a prominent advocate on international trade policy, with corporate members including Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N>, Amazon.com Inc <AMZN.O>, Ford Motor Co <F.N> and Microsoft Corp <MSFT.O>. The malicious link deployed a spying tool called Scanbox, which would have recorded the type and versions of software running on the computers of those exposed to it, said Fidelis researcher John Bambenek. Such reconnaissance is typically followed by new attacks using known flaws in the detected software, especially older versions. Scanbox has only been used by groups associated with the Chinese government, Fidelis said, and was recently seen on a political site aimed at Uyghurs, an ethnic minority under close government scrutiny in China. The breach was detected about five weeks ago by a NFTC director who is a customer of Fidelis, the security company said. Both the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the NFTC were notified and the malicious link removed, and Fidelis said it had no evidence of NFTC members being infected. The FBI and the NFTC declined to comment. A spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Bambenek said he believed the attack was classic espionage related to international trade talks, rather than a violation of a 2015 agreement between former U.S. President Barack Obama and Xi to end spying for commercial motives. The summit starting on Thursday is the first meeting between Xi and Trump, who blamed China on the campaign trail for the loss of many U.S. jobs and vowed to confront the country's leaders on the matters of trade and currency manipulation. "I think it’s traditional espionage that happens ahead of any summit," said Bambenek. "They would like to know what we, the Americans, really care about and use that for leverage." Other security firms agreed that wholesale theft of U.S. intellectual property has not returned. Instead, FireEye Inc <FEYE.O> and BAE Systems Plc <BAES.L> said that the hacking group identified by Fidelis, called APT10, has recently attacked government and commercial targets in Europe. FireEye researcher John Hultquist said heavy industries in Nordic countries have been hacked more often as Beijing switches priorities. "They are certainly taking those resources and pushing them to other places where they can still get away with this behavior," Hultquist said. (Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Addtional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington; Editing by Bill Rigby) This entry was posted in National Security and tagged China, Cyber Security. Bookmark the permalink. Share Tweet Email Reuters   Email | Full Bio | RSS Today’s STORIES IRS Commissioner Will Finish Term Despite Calls to Step Down Immediately Dems Who Voted to Nuke the Filibuster in 2013 Now Oppose Republicans Doing the Same U.S. Officials Can’t Confirm Obama-Era Counter-Terror Efforts Ever Succeeded Senate Goes Nuclear to Break Historic Filibuster Anti-Israel Activist Backs Al Jazeera-Linked Democrat in Georgia Top House Democrat Admits He’s Completely Unaware Of Crucial Special Election Israel’s Labor Party Delays Election Because of Britney Spears Concert State Dept. Adds Hamas Military Commander to U.S. Terrorist List Inside the Ring: Stratcom Issues Guidance on Drone Threats PolitiFact Retracts ‘Mostly True’ Ruling That U.S. Removed ‘100 Percent’ of Syria’s Chemical Weapons Donald Trump Jr. Interested in Running for Governor of New York Secret Service Agent on Pence’s Detail Suspended After Rendezvous With Prostitute Washington Free Beacon About Us Masthead Terms of Use Privacy Policy Topics Editor’s Blog ©2017 All Rights Reserved | Site Map
Home Weather 53° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About More Video Community Share It Photos More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About More Video Community Share It Photos Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 3 weather alerts Close Notable stores that filed for bankruptcy in the last 10 years Jordan Ball, KXTV 2:17 PM. EDT April 06, 2017 MIAMI, FL - NOVEMBER 06: A Blockbuster video store is seen on November 6, 2013 in Miami, Florida. Blockbuster announced today that it will close its 300 remaining U.S. stores by early January. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images) (Photo: Joe Raedle, 2013 Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Payless ShoeSource has recently been a topic of discussion after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Tuesday. The retailer announced the decision it would be immediately closing nearly 400 stores, including some in Sacramento. Consumers have helped play a major role with trends controlling the ever evolving market, and retailers struggling to keep up find themselves with a declining or obsolete consumer base. Payless is not the first and won't be the last, but what other notables retailers have done the same? Here's a list of five other notable stores who filed for bankruptcy in the last 10 years: 1. Blockbuster The ability of streaming through the internet on Netflix, Hulu, YouTube and etc. (or rental entities like Redbox) made this once highly popular video rental chain archaic. Blockbuster was the Netflix of its era, but the company eventually filed for bankruptcy in September 2010 after a few years of trying to save the company. In federal bankruptcy court the Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition listed that the company had $1.02 billion in assets and $1.46 billion in debt, according to the New York Times. DISH Network did buy Blockbuster for approximately $320 million in bankruptcy auction proceedings and closed almost all remaining locations. Though this video chain is pretty much gone, its 25-year run of memories will last forever. 2. RadioShack Before there was an Amazon, Apple, Walmart and others, there was RadioShack. This electronic retailer has been a powerhouse for nearly a century (96 years), but as electronics have risen seamlessly to the forefront, consumers have gone elsewhere to get technologic devices. Like Payless, RadioShack recently filed for bankruptcy in 2017, early March, making it the companies second time in three years - they also filed in February 2015.  In March, the retailer announced it would be closing 187 more stores which is about 9 percent of its 1,943 locations and about 1,850 of  5,900 employees were expected to be affected by the decision, according to USA Today. USA Today also stated that in the bankruptcy filing, RadioShack said its assets and debts totaled between $100 million and $500 million. Among their debts included about $63 million in trade debt, liens of $25.5 and $39.7 million, and unpaid rent of just over $10 million. RadioShack announced a deal with Sprint in 2016, so despite filing for bankruptcy they will have a third opportunity to try and get it right. 3. American Apparel  This clothing retail chain filed for bankruptcy in October 2015 and more recently again in November 2016. In the business of teen fashion, American Apparel has to compete with retailers like H&M and Forever 21 who are dominating that niche space. A Canadian clothing manufacturer Gildan Activewear agreed to a $66 million deal to acquire intellectual property assets and inventory from American Apparel, according to USA Today. This would include the chance to maintain some or all of the Los Angeles production and distribution operations for the company. Stores are said to remain open while the company continues to pursue a sale of those operations. 4. Wet Seal Like American Apparel, the Southern California based company operates in the teen fashion space. Wet Seal first announced that it would be closing about two-thirds of its stores and then filed for bankruptcy later in February 2017- this was their second in three years after filing in 2015. The teen apparel retailer closed all of its stores after it was unable to find a buyer, according to Fortune. Wet Seal listed their assets between $10 million to $50 million and its liabilities between $50 million to $100 million. 5. Tower Records For any Sacramento-area native this retail music chain might sound very familiar. Once a prominent hotbed for CD's, the first time a Tower Records was seen was in Sacramento and its headquarters is based in the city as well. How Blockbuster was the Netflix of its era, you could say that Tower Records was the ITunes or any other music streaming service of its time. Unfortunately, the music retailer filed for bankruptcy in 2004 and then closed its remaining U.S. stores in 2006 as streaming began to take over the music market making CD's obsolete. Though it does currently live as an online music store, consumers of the CD era will always have the memories of physically going in a store like Tower Records to buy CD's from this music retailer. Other notable retailers who have filed for bankruptcy before include: PacSun, Circuit City, KB Toys, Eddie Bauer and Mervyn's. Some of these stores have continued business despite filing for bankruptcy while others have closed all together. One thing for certain is that as the times and consumers interests rapidly change, so will the value of certain stores. © 2017 KXTV-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS WVEC Live Breaking News Coverage 13News Now Daybreak Weather Forecast, 4/6/17 WFAA Breaking News 13News Now at Noon Severe Weather Forecast, 4/6/17 Severe weather threat in Hampton Roads, 4/6/17 Md. man charged with sexually assaulting toddlers 13News Now Weather Radar School bus driver may be texting while driving Drunken grandmother arrested and charged Copperhead snake bites a man in Walmart, Walmart said the man brought the snake in the store More Stories U.S. attacks Syrian air base after chemical weapons… Apr. 6, 2017, 9:27 p.m. Confirmed tornado hits Irvington, winds damage hospital Apr. 6, 2017, 3:10 p.m. Storm exits, gusty winds remain Feb 20, 2016, 2:12 p.m. About Us Contact Us Meet The Team Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Outlook Hurricane Center Closings & Delays Weather Maps Weather Cameras National Webcams More... Weathercaster App More Weather Radars Pollen Forecast Location Search Weather Knowledge Beach and Boating Forecast Weather Insiders Weather Alerts Health Detail weather redirecct Local 13 News Now Investigates Links in the News Military News North Carolina News My City Lottery More... Mugshots Charlie Foxtrot If My Parents Only Knew More Local Politics Consumer Minute Newsmaker Headlines On Demand National Politics Peninsula Now Special Reports (needs cat) Virginia News BuyER Beware Side Effects Pearl Harbor Year in Review Nation Now Traffic Southside Gas Prices Live Cameras Peninsula Gas Prices North Carolina Traffic Airport Status Sports 2016 Olympics High School Sports Local College Sports Admirals Tides NCAA Basketball Tournament More... Super Bowl Features Making Your Mark Joe&s Job Holiday Salute 13Specialist Sweepstakes Hampton Roads Happenings More... TD Jakes More Features Event Calendar Consumer Minute Shelter Sunday CMA Awards Savings Sunday Workplace Woes The Oscars on ABC Peli-Cam Grammys Eagle Cam Archives Watch ABC Shows Magnify Money Vote Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights NORAD Santa Tracker About Meet The Team Advertise With Us Jobs Contact Us TV Listings Justice Network More... Closed Captioning ABC News Player TEGNA Foundation Lottery Numbers More About Us Privacy Terms Ad Choices Community Rules Connect With Us ABC Player Conversation Guidelines FAQ FCC Public Inspection File Newsletters RSS Text Alerts Survey More © 2017 WVEC-TV Services Advertise With Us WVEC Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners ABC Career Builder Justice Network Cars.com Norfolk Site Relevance Date Search
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL RAD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Among Thursday's Worst Stocks >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) March Sales Hush the Critics COST stock gets a push after U.S. sales climb 7% YOY By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 6, 2017, 12:02 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is More Risk Than Reward Now 11 A-Plus Stocks That Are on Bernstein’s ‘Buy List’ Will Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Defy Financial Gravity Forever? Recent Posts: Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) March Sales Hush the Critics Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Could Be Gutted What Is Wrong With CVS Health Corp (CVS)? View All Posts Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) is the brightest star in the retail firmament, and COST stock — at least today — is reflecting that. The credit goes to a big number for the company’s March sales report. Source: Shutterstock But the reason for Costco’s broader success in retail is that it’s on really a true retailer. Costco sells in wholesale quantities, and charges its members for the privilege of shopping there. Costco also takes half the retail margin of, say, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), a minuscule 13%. Shoppers know that, and they flock to Costco as a result. They certainly flocked in March, with U.S. sales for the month rising 7% over last year, driving COST stock to $171 per share early on Apr 6, near its all-time high of $178 per share achieved last month. Until today’s news, Costco’s stock performance had been shadowing that of Walmart, which has been claiming big market share gains and has gone all-in online. The latest news halted Walmart’s momentum relative to Costco, and could quiet critics who believe that retail is peaking — or that no one goes to stores anymore. Costco Has What Shoppers Want It has long been obvious that what shoppers want are bargains. Malls don’t have a reputation for bargains, so people don’t shop there. Big-box stores, built on cheap, greenfield sites out of cinder block, and with scaled control over entire categories of goods, have the image of creating bargains. Big-boxes are where we go when we want to buy. When we want to shop, when we want to spend time making choices, we let our fingers do the walking. But even here, we’re looking for bargains, which is why so many online shoppers wind up at Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Costco has membership fees in common with Amazon. It costs $110 per year to be an “executive member,” and will soon cost $120, but that comes with a discount of 2% on purchases. Add the company’s credit card, now processed as a Visa Inc (NYSE:V) card by Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), and you get additional discounts, like 3% off on restaurants and 4% off on gas. About 85 million people see that as a bargain and are members. (Full disclosure: I am one of them.) Costco’s profits are usually equal to, or even less than, its income from membership fees. During its most recent quarter, which ended Feb 12, the company collected $636 million in membership fees and saw net income of $515 million. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/costco-wholesale-corporation-cost-march-sales-hush-the-critics/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Twitter Threatens Major Breakdown The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees Online Privacy Repeal: 2 Winners, 2 Losers It’s Time Tesla Stock Bulls Act Humble iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees 2 Winners, 2 Losers From Trump’s Online Privacy Repeal It’s Time Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Bulls Act Humble GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Is All Downside From Here Most Popular 10 Under-the-Radar Stocks to Buy Now for Explosive Upside 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Don’t Spend a Penny on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Could Ford Motor Company (F) Buy Tesla Inc (TSLA)? 11 A-Plus Stocks That Are on Bernstein’s ‘Buy List’ Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Neiman Marcus Sees Experiences, Tech as Way Forward Amid Retail Slowdown ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Neiman Marcus Sees Experiences, Tech as Way Forward Amid Retail Slowdown By Victoria Craig Published April 06, 2017 Retail FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print video Tech innovation key to Neiman Marcus' retail battle plan As consumers flock to online shopping platforms, upscale Neiman Marcus is using tech innovation as a way to provide more customized shopping experiences - a strategy it hopes will keep customers coming back for more. The luxury retailer's VP of ... customer-facing technologies, Rajeev Rai, explains how. Expand Traditional retail is stuck in the eye of a hurricane as shoppers continue to flee the in-store experience in favor of shop-from-the-couch e-commerce platforms. But, despite a potential sale, luxury chain Neiman Marcus says it is positioned to weather the storm, thanks to large collections of data on its niche customer and out-of-the-box thinking on tech.  Continue Reading Below Revenue growth on the S&P 500 department store index has been stuck in a downturn for seven-straight quarters as brands like Nordstrom (JWN), Kohl’s (KSS), Macy’s (M) and more grapple with rapidly-changing consumer shopping habits. Neiman is no outlier: It has seen six-straight quarters of revenue and same-store sales declines as customers become increasingly less loyal. The uncertain environment even led the luxury brand in March to begin exploring strategic alternatives. Expand / Contract Expand / Contract “It’s entirely driven by consumer adoption of technology, and retailers are running out of time before the next generation of buyers – which includes Millennials – get used to surviving without retailers,” said Brian Kilcourse, managing partner and co-founder of Retail Systems Research, adding, though, that Neiman Marcus is working itself into a position to not just sell goods, but an experience. Kilcourse describes it like this: Imagine a graph that, on one axis includes basic human needs at one end, and esteem at the other. On the opposite axis is price and convenience. So, the lower left would include base-line goods at low prices – characteristics aligning mostly with retailers like Walmart (WMT) and Target (TGT).  On the upper right, where esteem and experience matter most are brands like Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom. The focus for them, Kilcourse said, has to be on providing not just a shopping hub, but a shopping experience. “There’s not a thing in any Neiman Marcus store anywhere that any human needs. It’s all items they want to buy. So, the experience has to be entertaining…the more it has to be about the individual shopper and not the average shopper. Exclusivity becomes the key,” he said. That’s a trend Rajeev Rai, vice president of customer facing technologies and information services at Neiman Marcus, knows all too well. To try and provide that unique and compelling shopping experience, he and his team have rolled out a range of gadgets shoppers can deploy not just in store, but from home and on the go. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Expand / Contract The company’s mobile app features tools like Snap, Find, Shop, which customers can use to take a picture of a co-worker’s boots, for example, and find out whether Neiman Marcus sells same or similar pairs. In store, customers can take advantage of mobile-phone charging stations and Memory Mirrors that record 360-degree views of various apparel items customers try on, or the steps in a new makeup routine at the cosmetics counter. While fun for customers to use, Rai said the technology has also given the company valuable insight into their consumer base. In exchange for being able to use those pieces of technology, the customer gives an email address, phone number, and in some cases, answers a survey question about their experience.  “There’s a fundamental tectonic shift happening in retail on how customers engage with brands, what they value. Loyalty is very fickle now. People are looking for ‘what’s in it for me,’ ‘what’s the brand doing and how are they engaging with me,’” Rai, who spoke last week at the WWD Retail 20/20 Forum about the new store experience, told FOX Business. “The amount of digital exhaust that has been generated and the amount retailers have to learn…is tremendous to get to understand the customer.” Watch the latest video at video.foxbusiness.com Indeed, a 2017 study from Gartner found retailers expect the customer experience to be impacted most by digital technology.  All of that comes down to aggregating and understanding customer analytics, which luxury and high-end retailers have had initial success doing, said Robert Hetu, research director for retail at Gartner. “When it comes to the mid-tier like Macy’s on down to JCPenney, you find these retailers are struggling a lot more to figure out what this digital experience looks like in store…you find that these retailers know less about their customers,” he explained. To that end, Fitch Ratings said Neiman Marcus is sitting in a somewhat protected position, despite what seems like an imminent collapse of retail as consumers know it. Fitch cited Neiman’s ability to distribute sought-after designer brands through just 46 stores worldwide, and its loyal customer base that generates 36% of the company’s overall revenue through its InCircle rewards program. It also pointed to its “established” sales model that includes multiple channels and platforms and a direct business -- including online and catalog sales – that accounts for 30% of total sales, the highest online penetration of all major department stores. To continue making headway, Kilcourse said Neiman needs to move more toward curated customer offerings, and that’s where Rai said he sees the most opportunity. “The day’s not far away where conversational commerce will become a reality. You don’t have to type at your keyboard and think about the right words to choose to put in a search engine. You’ll be able to ask the question ‘What should I wear to this event, what complements this dress, what shoes or accessories,’” he said. “We’re getting ready to experiment with those technologies that allow the seamless experience to happen.”   Related Content Ralph Lauren to Cut Jobs, Shutter 5th Avenue Polo Store in NYC Payless Files for Bankruptcy Protection, will Close Nearly 400 Stores Consumers Still Economic Bright Spot as 1Q Growth Outlook Remains Uncertain JCPenney Is Closing These 138 Stores: Texas, Minnesota Hit Hardest The Cloud Could be a Salve for Old Retail's Growth Problem What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Staff Login | Commenters log in below username Auto-login on future visits password Forgot your password? submit About Us Contact Us Site Policies Donate Submit Event Valley Independent Sentinel Last Update: Apr 6, 2017 4:45 PM Police News by You Navel Gazing Investigations Your Right to Know Search:submit Advanced Search Communities Ansonia Derby Oxford Seymour Shelton Follow Us Twitter Electronic Valley Arts and Recreation Business Links Civic Groups Derby History Quiz! Employment Resources Health Care Libraries Religious Groups Social Services Transportation We Read… Ansonia Football Beacon Falls News Branford Eagle Clearly Derby Coach Class Courant Alumni CT Art Scene CT Capitol Report CT Law Tribune CT Mirror CT News Junkie CT Post CT Watchdog CT Weekender Damned Connecticut Fireground Images Fox 61 Fun With Carbs Hartford Courant Hawkins House La Voz Hispana Lazzari On Sports MinnPost Mod-Blog New Haven Independent Nieman Journalism Lab Not Your Mom’s Music NVL FOOTBALL BLOG Oxford Patch Poor Tony’s Blog Poynter Register Valley Page Sean Henri See Click Fix Shelton Trails Smartpill Design SportingNewsCT The Laurel The Shot By Ron Valley Gazette Voice of San Diego Voices WTNH Government Ansonia Derby Naugatuck Valley Council of Governments Naugatuck Valley Health District Oxford Seymour Shelton Community 203 Photography Ansonia Nature Center Ansonia Rotary Area Congregations Together BHcare Boys & Girls Club Center Stage Community Foundation for Greater New Haven Derby Elks Lodge Derby Historical Society Derby-Shelton Rotary Greater Valley Chamber of Commerce Greater Valley Salvation Army Griffin Hospital Housatonic Council, BSA John H. Collins Post # 24 Katharine Matthies Founation Literacy Volunteers Master’s Table Community Meals My First 8 NVHD Lead Program Osbornedale State Park Oxford Historical Society Oxford Special Olympics Parent Child Resource Center Rape Crisis Center Red Cross Renegade Knights Battalion 2 Seymour Historical Society Seymour Lions Club Seymour Videos On Demand Shelton Historical Society Shelton Jaycees Shelton Land Conservation Trust Shelton School Readiness Council Shelton Youth Service Bureau TEAM Valley Arts Council Valley Community Foundation Valley Council Health & Human Services Valley Early Childhood Task Force Valley Regional Adult Education Valley Substance Abuse Action Council Valley United Way Valley YMCA Visiting Nurse Association of South Central Connecticut Wesley Village YEP Fire Departments Charters Hose (Ansonia) Citizens Engine (Seymour) Derby Fire Department Eagle Hose (Ansonia) East End Hose (Derby) Echo Hose Hook & Ladder (Shelton) Fountain Hose (Ansonia) Great Hill Hose (Seymour) Hilltop Hose (Ansonia) Huntington Fire Co. (Shelton) Oxford Center Fire Co. (Oxford) Pine Rock Co. (Shelton) Quaker Farms Fire Co. (Oxford) Riverside Fire Co. (Oxford) Storm Engine (Derby) Webster Hose (Ansonia) White Hills (Shelton) School Districts Ansonia Assumption School Derby Emmett O’Brien Oxford Seymour Shelton St. Joseph School St. Lawrence School St. Mary - St. Michael School The WorkPlace Receives Financial Literacy Grant by Press Release | Apr 6, 2017 11:33 am ( ) Log in Facebook to Post a Comment | E-mail the Author Posted to: Ansonia, Derby, Seymour, Shelton, News by You Your Email: Subject: Message: Sent: Apr 7, 2017  3:00 am Please enter the word you see in the image below: The WorkPlace was awarded a $10,000 grant to provide financial literacy training to participants enrolled in the newly created Retail Career Academy.  The Retail Career Academy, developed in partnership with the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership and the Walmart Foundation, assists the unemployed and underemployed while also providing retail employers with skilled workers.  Funding from Citizens Bank to add financial literacy programing to the Academy’s classroom curriculum helps participants become more financial stable.  Financial literacy is essential when recovering from unemployment and managing a household income which may be less than prior years.   Most unemployed or under-employed people deplete their savings and do not have the financial literacy or resources to rebuild their assets, maintain or even boost their credit ratings. The purpose of the workshop is to effectively support the efforts of Retail Career Academy participants to build on their job skills training by educating them on the importance of developing personal spending and savings plans and the importance of handling credit wisely. Financial literacy training will cover topics such as reviewing credit reports, preparing budgets, analyzing credit reports and other specific areas of need that will help participants gain control of their finances and prepare for their future.   Financial literacy is an especially important component for our programs to address economic independence. With an increasingly competitive employment market, The WorkPlace has enhanced services and training to better help job seekers find employment. Retail Career Academy participant receive assistance from Workforce Specialists to complete a customized employment plan which best aligns with their skills and is relevant to current labor demands.   “The WorkPlace has a long history of serving every portion of the community that requires support and training to reenter the workforce,” said Joseph Carbone, President and CEO, The WorkPlace. “Funding for financial literacy training helps us provide a more holistic approach to preparing people throughout the region to secure employment, increase earnings, and ultimately, better support their families.” Share this story with others. Share | Comments Events Calendar Thu Apr 6, 2017 5:30pm – 7:30pm DINNER AND A MOVIE (AGES 18+) Derby ENJOY “JACKIE” ON BLU-RAY AND A LARGE SCREEN.  FREE REFRESHMENTS,...view event details » Thu Apr 6, 2017 6:30pm – 8:30pm Free Fishing Class Ansonia Parks & Rec Ansonia, Connecticut Free Fishing Class for all ages.  Learn casting, knots, tackle,...view event details » Thu Apr 6, 2017 6:30pm – 8:30pm Spring Felt Flower Wreaths Derby Make felt flower wreaths with Craftivate @ The Hops Company in...view event details » view the full calendar » PosterWallAdd your Poster News Feeds Valley Independent RSS 2.0 Feed Valley Independent Atom Feed Sponsors Knight Foundation Valley Foundation The Community Foundation for Greater New Haven Sponsors have no input into or responsibility for articles published on this site. V.I.S. Site Design & Development smartpill design ©2009–2017 Valley Independent Sentinel | site: smartpilldesign
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US military fires 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles on Trump's orders at Homs airfield where Syrian dictator Assad launched chemical attack BREAKING NEWS: Furious Putin calls US airstrikes on Syria an 'illegal act of aggression' and warns of damage to relations with Washington which are already 'in tatters' US alerted Russian military 30 minutes before Syria airstrike but made NO direct contact with Putin as Tillerson accuses Moscow of being 'complicit' in chemical attack Republicans including John McCain and Ted Cruz praise Trump for Syrian airstrikes but Democrats say any further military action needs to be run past Congress Trump's red line: Speed in which President launched airstrikes against Syria lays bare just how different he is from methodical Obama and his lack of action Netanyahu leads worldwide praise of Trump's airstrikes on Syria and says he hopes they will be heard from Iran to North Korea Woman, 30, who was seeking treatment for eczema dies after being given an IV of TURMERIC solution by a naturopathic practitioner Louisiana man, 74, confesses 'out of the blue' to cold case 1993 murder of his son-in-law on the 24th anniversary of his death New hope for pancreatic cancer sufferers as a revolutionary treatment may double patients' survival time and prevent tumors from spreading Jimmy Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project with late night host after he passed away aged 90 Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Good Samaritan doctor, 47, who stopped to help SIX teenagers trapped in an overturned jeep dies after being hit by a car during the rescue Eleven-year-old boy hanged himself 'after his 13-year-old girlfriend faked her death and got her friends to convince him she really was dead on social media in tragic online prank' Woman is mauled to death by two pit bulls while walking her dog in an Oklahoma City suburb Taser offers free one-year trial of body cameras to every US police force and renames itself Axon to broaden focus from stun guns Two teen girls, 16 and 17, are killed falling from their hotel balcony in South Carolina What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids Didn't see the funny side? Portland protester is removed from city council meeting for trying to give the mayor a Pepsi in nod to THAT Kendall commercial Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has 'gotten absolutely nothing' from Chinese leader as he and First Lady in red Melania host their counterparts at start of two-day Palm Beach summit FBI's James Comey cost me the election: Hillary Clinton uses first interview to say letter revealing email probe was 'determinative' in 'devastating' defeat - along with Wikileaks Hillary attends yet another musical as she meets cast on opening night of 'War Paint' Top table! Jared and Ivanka are seated beside Chinese First Lady at Mar-A-Lago dinner after flying in with their Mandarin-speaking kids for summit  Trump family are running 'worn-out' Secret Service into the ground with the high cost of protecting them and their frequency to travel House intel chief steps aside from Russia probe over ethics charges – which he calls a left-wing plot to smear him Previous Next 'We all want you home': Father of 15-year-old girl taken three weeks ago by married 50-year-old teacher begs her to return and tells her kidnapper to surrender Anthony Thomas pleaded with his daughter to return home on Wednesday, as he attended a tree planting ceremony for crime victims in Tennessee  Thomas' daughter Elizabeth, 15, has been missing since March 13 and is believed to be with her 50-year-old former teacher Tad Cummins  'He's nothing but a liar,' Thomas said of Cummins. 'We all want you home'   The last confirmed sighting of the pair was at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15   By Associated Press and Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 11:01 EDT, 6 April 2017 | Updated: 15:06 EDT, 6 April 2017 e-mail 5 shares 14 View comments The father of a missing Tennessee teenager says the 50-year-old teacher she vanished with last month is 'nothing but a liar.' Anthony Thomas tried to deliver a message to his missing 15-year-old daughter, Elizabeth, on Wednesday by telling WKRN-TV 'we all need you home.'  'Elizabeth that man may be telling you that nobody's looking for you or he may even be telling you that no one wants you home. Don't listen to that.  'Everything he said to all the kids, not just you, has been a lie. He's nothing but a liar. We all want you home,' he said.  Scroll down for video  Anthony Thomas (pictured) pleaded with his daughter Elizabeth, 15, to come home, and for the teacher she disappeared with to turn himself in  Thomas made the comments at a tree-planting ceremony on Wednesday, in honor of national crime victim's rights week  He said teacher Tad Cummins is 'filtering' the news the girl sees, as he urged Cummins to turn himself in. 'I know you're keeping up with all this and you're filtering. You're not letting her see how much people out here love her,' Thomas said to Cummins. 'You're depriving her of that. It would make better sense for you to turn yourself in to law enforcement. You turn yourself in, there are laws that will guarantee your general safety,' he added.  Thomas said the words at a tree-planting ceremony on Wednesday, as part of national crime victim's rights week.    Elizabeth (left) and Tad Cummins (right) have been missing from Tennessee since March 13  The only confirmed sighting of the two was at a Oklahoma City Walmart on March 15 Cummins and Elizabeth disappeared on March 13 from their homes in Tennessee. The last confirmed sighting of the pair was two days later at an Oklahoma City Walmart.  A few weeks before they went missing, a student caught the two kissing.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Human remains found in a Missouri field identified as those... Father of Hawaii's 'Peter Boy' missing for 20 years pleads... Girlfriend, 27, 'dumped her paraplegic boyfriend in the... Woman falls off California's tallest bridge trying to take a... Share this article Share Police have issued an Amber alert for Elizabeth and say they have warrants charging Cummins with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Authorities have warned against using the word 'romance' to refer to the two.  At a press conference last week, Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said Cummins manipulated Elizabeth and kidnapped her. Elizabeth is one of ten children. Her sibling and dad pleaded with her to come home in a previous interview  Maury County District Attorney Brent Cooper said he used the word 'romantic' to describe the nature of draft emails exchanged between the two, but should have used the word 'grooming.'  He said a 50-year-old educated man trying to convince a vulnerable teenage girl that being in a relationship with him was the right thing to do is not a romance, but a serious crime.  Last week, Cummins wife filed for divorce after 31 years of marriage. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, says she has not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Jill Cummins has previously publicly pleaded with her husband to turn himself and bring the girl home safely. Elizabeth is described as 5 feet tall and 120 pounds with blond hair and hazel eyes. Cummins is described as about 6 feet tall and 200 pounds with brown hair and brown eyes.    Read more: Father has strong message for both Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins | WKRN News 2 Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Most watched News videos Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 Girl found living with monkeys can't walk or talk like humans Sunrise news team tricked by crocodile garden ornament Uber passenger threatens to falsely accuse driver of rape Cute Chinese kid owns Little Big Shots stage with his Latin dance Couple caught getting frisky in university building Amazing parrot Einstein able to mimic human sounds and movements Disturbing footage of attempted child abduction in Philadelphia Kendall Jenner stars in Pepsi's 'Live for Now Moments Anthem' ad Driving tutor caught shouting and swearing at kids on horseback Shocking video shows effects of stomach acid mixed with coke Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase 'Mowgli girl' who walks on all fours and does not speak... 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US... Eleven-year-old boy killed himself 'after his 13-year-old... Father driven to kill by grief: The true story of the... Aggressive passenger is recorded telling an Uber driver... Surgeon hailed a hero after picture shows him sleeping on... Missing mother Samantha Baldwin, 40, is arrested for... 'My children... they were beautiful': Syrian father whose... Police launch desperate search for schoolgirl, 15, who... Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has... 'Something should happen' says Trump after Syria... Teenager, 15, was found dead in his family's garden... 'I want my mommy': Pedophile FILMED girl, four, screaming... EXCLUSIVE - 'She wants to tell her story': Mel B is... EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks... It's a 'total lie!' says Steve Bannon following report he... Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after... Too middle class to be mentally ill: Mum who jumped off... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 14 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Splish splash! Kaia Gerber and father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Continued to have the time of their lives Hot metal! Jennifer Lopez wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging silver tank top JLo had an intense expression She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Sparkle and shine! Kate Bosworth dazzles in clingy off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Oozed glitz and glamor in an off-the-shoulder and fitted dress It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Still got the Baywatch bod! Kelly Rohrbach gives a peek of her taut tummy as she stretches in cropped sweater during lunch in LA Sitting outside a cafe Peep show! Lea Michele flashes her cleavage and midriff in lace up bodysuit during photo shoot inside recording studio Showing some skin Fully booked (and clothed)! Brooke Burke wears jumper and jeans to signing after going topless at beach She attended the event fully clothed Leading ladies! Karlie Kloss shows off flawless figure in metallic number as Allison Williams stuns in off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Sheer delight! Katy Perry flashes flesh in see-through top for stunning arrival at Chanel dinner She showed off her platinum 'do Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project after he passed away aged 90 Misty mornings, dreamy sunsets and picture-perfect cocktails: 12 Instagram photos that perfectly capture the LA vibe SPONSORED 'It started 11 years ago': Scheana Shay reveals she became anorexic 'before Kim Kardashian made big butts cool' Star opens her heart  No Blindspot here! Jaimie Alexander dons chic spectacles and sky-high heels for New York Moves Power Women Forum in NYC Business attire 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Denied the rumors 'You've always been a b****: Newly slim Mama June is confronted by Sugar Bear's fiancée in From Not to Hot finale teaser Pending nuptials Jimmy Fallon proves marriage to Nancy is just fine as they make rare appearance with daughters Winnie and Frances at Universal Studios 'The teepee goes into the peepee': Anne Hathaway's parenting chat on Ellen with Colossal co-star Jason Sudeikis takes hilarious turn Chris Evans reunites with Gifted co-stars McKenna Grace and Octavia Spencer at NYC screening Posed at a screening of his new film Gifted Streaming stars! Adam Sandler suits up for premiere of new Netflix comedy Sandy Wexler featuring wife Jackie Escorted his wife and co-star Jackie PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles is seen for the first time following Mel B's claim that she fell pregnant during affair with Stephen Belafonte FIRST PHOTO: New dad Jesse Eisenberg enjoys stroll with baby boy and girlfriend Anna Strout in NYC Showing off his baby boy for the first time Another reason to fall in love with him! Chris Hemsworth leaves fans in awe as he shows off his incredible surfing skills in Australia Indulging in his passion This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Keeping a beat 'You must be willing to die for something': The life and death of Tupac Shakur unfolds in official trailer for All Eyez On Me Lead role is played by Demetrius Shipp Dynamic duo! Sarah Paulson wows in black sheer midi as Keri Russell goes casual chic at star-studded FX upfront event in NYC Major stars gathered Juggling act: Paris Hilton clutches pooch Diamond Baby while hand-in-hand with new beau Chris Zylka on shopping trip in LA New lovebirds 'I was the girl version of Macaulay Culkin': Busy Philipps shares adorable throwback image... after glam appearance at Fashion LA awards An historic moment! Taylor Swift wins bid to have movie mogul Goldwyn's mansion designated landmark (and can now apply for tax relief) 'This angel is absolutely perfect': Million Dollar Listing star Josh Altman and wife Heather welcome baby daughter Alexis It's a girl! Billie Lourd joins cast of American Horror Story season seven about 2016 US election starring Sarah Paulson  The 24-year-old will star opposite Paulson 'It's very scary': Expecting dad Zach Roloff reveals baby son may be a dwarf in Little People, Big World teaser Reveals his secret heartache 'Did you say ninja?!' Mark Hamill voices Han Solo to perfection in Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars The Force Awakens Tribute to Carrie Fisher Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Pulled off the double denim look Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors Retail therapy at Barneys The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Stunned in a chic winter ensemble No spring in her step! Malia Obama braves rainy New York City weather in her parka as she heads to work Spotted heading into the Weinstein & Co offices Viva la Roma! Sofia Vergara shows off her killer curves in hip hugging lace gown for gala event in Italy She showed off just a little bit of cleavage Proud mom Jessa Duggar shares snap of two-month old son Henry taking his 'first steps' Welcomed their son Henry on February 6 She's ripped! Paige Butcher shows off insanely toned tummy in Hawaii as takes a dip in the ocean while holding baby she had with Eddie Murphy She's the main act! Brooke Shields shows off leg in sophisticated blue gown at opening of Broadway play At the opening of War Paint in New York Show me the money! Stephen Belafonte files official response to Mel B's divorce petition and wants her to pay He has asked her to pay his lawyer's fees Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second consecutive appearance since winning a restraining order against husband Stephen Belafonte Mel B and the folly of hiring gorgeous staff: JAN MOIR says men who cheat with the nanny are delivering a double dagger to their wife's heart Curtain couture! Olivia Culpo channels The Sound of Music in quirky dress The 24-year-old worked the unusual ensemble in West Hollywood No frown at The Get Down: Baz Luhrmann, 54, reveals his VERY wrinkle free and puffy complexion at Netflix premiere in New York Australian icon Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Legendary funnyman With a little help from her friends: Melissa George comforted by gal pals on a night out amid bitter custody dispute with ex Jean-David Blanc 'I broke up with the guy I was going to marry, so I had to move out': Iggy Azalea 'sold her cars and lives in a regular house' after breaking up with Nick Young Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Supposed to be going through a divorce Plotting his return? Reclusive Richard Simmons signs lucrative new global licensing deal that suggests he may soon high-kick his way out of hiding Love's young dream! Jai Courtney's stunning girlfriend Mecki Dent flashes her bra in sheer top as the couple put on an affectionate display  Beautiful couple Avengers: Infinity War filming continues as a HUGE explosion rocks Edinburgh...as stars such as Elizabeth Olsen continue shooting for anticipated flick Singing showdown! Demi Lovato and James Corden go face-to-face in Divas Riff-Off song battle Corden learned never to challenge a modern diva Sleepover with the BFF: Kylie Jenner enjoys relaxing morning in bed with Jordyn Woods... after ex boyfriend Tyga moves out Leaning on her bestie If you've got it, flaunt it! Chloe Grace Moretz puts her long and toned legs on display after Pilates class Showed off her gym-honed figure Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle 'My honey': Cindy Crawford toasts her husband of 20 years Rande Gerber on beach break in St Barths Shared a photo from her family's vacation 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Unusual treatment He cleans up nice! Bill and Hillary Clinton's male model nephew looks a mess in his 2015 mugshot after bar fight Now Tyler Clinton, 22, is signed with IMG agency  Daisy Lowe flashes her bra under sheer shirt as she works androgynous chic at star-studded American Gods premiere Rocked the red carpet Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death Her memory is living on Pippa Middleton 'BANS model Vogue Williams from attending her wedding'... despite her dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Sheen was on the cusp of superstardom Is a hat-trick in the Cannes for Nicole? Actress could have three movies gracing the film festival next month  Will soon be revealed Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on David when she's working... as she credits her 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire A sugar lump, Camilla? How sweet of you: Duchess feeds stallion during visit to Vienna's Spanish Riding School  Given a tour of the celebrated riding school 'My amazing grandmother saved Jews from Hitler': Prince Charles reveals how the Duke of Edinburgh's mother took in a Jewish family in WWII Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' Fergie charity in hot water over failure to file accounts: Foundation is served with default notice by watchdog after not providing details since 2013  They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler Is walking barefoot the secret to a better life? Gwyneth Paltrow says she 'swears by' unique 'earthing' therapy, which is said to cure insomnia and depression Paris chic! Diane Kruger models leather jacket, pink scarf to hit French Movie Festival... but beau Norman Reedus is nowhere to be seen No one's looking at her feet! Chanel Iman flashes her toned midriff in leather bralette as she promotes sandals The 26-year-old model flashed the flesh  'You big needy bald baby!': Mel B fights with husband Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in couples therapy as clips from their reality show resurface  Mel B is spotted leaving lawyer's office amid reports she's 'bringing in forensic accountant after ex Stephen Belafonte took control of her finances' EXCLUSIVE: Dean McDermott splurges on a second motorcycle and anti-aging treatment as Amex joins list of creditors demanding $80,000 from wife Tori  Pregnant Lara Trump is left to wrangle her own $4,000 Louis Vuitton suitcase ahead of a flight to Washington, D.C. as her Secret Service agents look on Beauty and the best: Selena Gomez's $2 manicure and Stella Maxwell's purple smoky eye top our list of the week's most head-turning looks They sure look good together! Bra-free Courtney Stodden flashes sideboob in tiny tank top as she cuddles up to a mystery man in Beverly Hills As Emily Ratajkowski and Chrissy Teigen step out rocking the deconstructed shirting trend, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options for YOU to shop now Austin Powers star Verne Troyer hospitalized for alcohol abuse and will be checking into rehab Actor, 48, at San Fernando Valley facility What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids She is yet to publicly comment on storm Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The Queen prepares to say goodbye to 'Royal outsider' Lord Snowdon Memorial service for her late brother-in-law Game of Thrones' The Mountain has Bell's palsy: Here's what it means Recently revealed he has temporary facial paralysis Hungry for love! Anthony Bourdain shares passionate kiss with younger Italian girlfriend before proudly watching her in a play in Rome EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions during his tour 'You have an ally': Justin Theroux says he loves being married to Jennifer Aniston because she always has his back Pair tied knot in 2015 'I'm still turned on by her': Scott Disick admits he's still attracted to ex Kourtney Kardashian  He split from the mother of his three children in 2015 'It costs $40K a month to be me!': Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne says she has to spend a fortune to look good for the camera Encore! Amy Schumer watches John Mayer in concert at Madison Square Garden in NYC The Trainwreck star was smiling and clapping to the soft-rocker's hits Gender non-binary Billions star asks the Emmys to reconsider their 'actor or actress' categories and decides to compete as an 'actor' Breakout star 'The president is a moron': Former SNL star Taran Killam says Donald Trump struggled to read and didn't get many of the jokes when he hosted in 2015  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan swaps modest Burkini for sexy cut-out swimsuit in Thailand Mean Girls actress has been studying Islam  'I never felt sexy with guys before': Meghan Trainor dishes on boyfriend Daryl Sabara as she reveals he's 'obsessed' with her body Winnie Harlow shows off her impossibly long legs in tiny miniskirt as she appears at star-studded WE Day charity event in New York Sofia Richie bonds with dad Lionel as he recovers from knee injury that forced him to postpone tour with Mariah Carey Spotted at concert in LA Supportive sister: Dressed down Duchess of Cambridge leaves Pippa's house in London after a bridal party summit six weeks before the big day  The Daily Show pokes fun at Ivanka Trump redefining the word 'complicit' in funny series of tweets that put a totally new spin on other phrases Tiffany makes first White House visit and attends event in support of wounded veterans before all five Trump kids head to Mar-a-Lago with Donald  Wined and refined! Eva Longoria looks effortlessly chic in black dungarees as she visits Basque vineyard with husband José Bastón Pair on getaway to Spain 'Blowhard bully' Alec Baldwin bashes 'untalented Hollywood producer' in Twitter spat over love scene in 2006 film with underage actress Nikki Reed Moving on to the legs! David Beckham adds to huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... days after watching son Brooklyn get his first tatt Katie Holmes enjoys outing with pretty-in-pink Suri... days after she was pictured at dinner with Jamie Foxx The 38-year-old actress was spotted in New York Empire actor Morocco Omari arrested for domestic violence Is accused of repeatedly pushing a 24-year-old woman during an argument in Chicago  Freida Pinto steals the show in elegant embroidered ensemble as she joins co-star Idris Elba at the UK launch of new TV drama Guerrilla Slumdog Millionaire star Ready for Easter! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend pose with their daughter Luna as they take photos with a bunny in West Hollywood Get Out wins the most MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations while Beauty & The Beast, Game Of Thrones and Stranger Things also do well The Spice that divided Mel's marriage: Stephen Belafonte looks on as America's Got Talent judge shares VERY amorous clinch with two female friends PICTURED: Mel B shares a smile with the stunning German nanny she FIRED just six weeks after this 'mortifying' family vacation to Ibiza Lily-Rose Depp looks Parisian chic in casual black-and-white outfit while on shopping trip The 17-year-old model headed to popular LA  mall The Grove As stars like Charlotte McKinney and Kendall Jenner are looking pretty in pink, FEMAIL rounds up chicest clothing and accessories in soft hue She had the full Hollywood makeover! Mama June spent $10K getting her teeth fixed... after weight loss surgery, skin removal and a boob job 'You f***ing racist': Shia LaBeouf gets kicked out of Studio City bowling alley after exploding into a rant at fellow patron The 30-year-old was tossed out of  Pinz  Kourtney Kardashian heads out on another dinner date with Quincy Brown after getaway to Hawaii with ex Scott Disick and their children Something to tell us? Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cradles her blossoming baby bump as she treats herself to a shopping spree   Expecting her first child  A home fit for a Starman! David Bowie's former New York apartment hits the market for $6.5million - and it even comes with the rock legend's piano Paul O'Neill, creator of the rock group Trans-Siberian Orchestra, is found dead in a Florida hotel room at age 61 Body discovered in Tampa Embassy Suites  Heidi Klum flaunts her athletic figure and impressive abs in a patterned bikini on beach Turks and Caicos getaway AGT judge looking good PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Makeup-free Game Of Thrones actress Maisie Williams cools down after going for jogging with a male pal in London Hollywood heartthrob Gerard Butler sports a bushy beard and flat cap as he continues to film new movie Keepers The 47-year-old is pulling off different look  Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in a chic mini skirt and ruffled blouse as she promotes Fast & Furious 8 in Madrid The actress, 41, looked simply sensational  Pretty Little Liars star Ashley Benson legs it around town in stylish workout gear Went back to basics in formfitting black after her morning gym session 'Spring breaking!': Lisa Rinna, 53, shares flashback photo in black bikini after ugly end to season seven of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 'I don't look at the cup as half full': Pierce Brosnan reflects on life after the devastating loss of his first wife and daughter to ovarian cancer Feeling The Force! Daisy Ridley squeals with glee as she unleashes her inner adrenaline junkie at theme park  Just finished Last Jedi 'I'm actually rather dangerous': Annabelle Wallis insists her looks can be deceiving as she discusses her 'layered' personality in Town & Country magazine PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Brooke Burke goes TOPLESS as she splashes around in sexy white lace-up bathing suit during family vacation to St. Barts Hot to Trot! Bethenny Frankel steps out in skintight cut-out LBD in New York after Watch What Happens Live appearance She was all smiles 'Nobody calls': Caitlyn Jenner reveals she's been frozen out by the Kardashians since transitioning in candid face-off with Khloe Kardashian Pammy-Ooh-la-la! Ms Anderson, 49, turns seductress in bondage-style lingerie ad... as she finally declares her love for Julian Assange The ultimate pin-up The birthday suit is back! Joanna Krupa poses stark NAKED once again in a sizzling snap to toast turning 38 Put on a steamy display out in the sun 'Waited a long time': Nikki Bella shows off huge engagement ring while behind the bar on Bravo's WWHL Proudly showed off her 4.5-carat ring The Dick Knight: Christian Bale in talks to play Vice President Cheney in new biopic that would reteam actor with Amy Adams as politician's wife Lynne Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a white string bikini as she shares clip of herself blowing kisses on the beach We're NOT exploiting Black Lives Matter, Pepsi insists: Man who made controversial Kendall ad claims it was based on images of Vietnam War protests Lena Dunham goes nude in Golden Girls spoof as she and her HBO castmates perform hilarious skit for Jimmy Kimmel Thanks for being a friend But wait, there's more! Will & Grace revival gets extended with 12 episodes for NBC reboot The network has added an additional two episodes EXCLUSIVE - 'She wants to tell her story': Mel B is 'gagging' German nanny from revealing all about 'sex with Stephen Belafonte' , says her lookalike sister Hugh Jackman and Michelle Williams turn up the heat with a passionate kiss on the New York City set of their new film The Greatest Showman Gigi Hadid embraces a laid back look as she steps out in Paris in a loose vest top and baggy boyfriend jeans Flashing a coy smile to  sea of admirers Simon Le Bon hits Miami with bikini-clad female companion as he enjoys downtime ahead of Duran Duran gig Hungry Like the Wolf singer Lady Gaga is a far cry from her usual flamboyant self as she covers up in elegant and demure ensemble for new Tiffany campaign Very different look Beyonce shares intimate photos of last year's anniversary vacation with Jay Z at the Grand Canyon... but it's Blue Ivy who steals the show Hitting the highlights? Keith Urban appears to have dyed his hair AGAIN as singer accepts award at Grammys on the Hill event in Washington Aloha! Bikini-clad Kate Hudson shows off her trim frame as she enjoys a hike in Hawaii with sons Ryder, 13, and Bingham, 5 Family vay-cay Luann de Lesseps plans wedding while Bethenny Frankel sells Tribeca pad for $7 million in RHONY season premiere But there's more fighting     DON'T MISS 'Some seasons have been horrendous': Kyle Richards dishes the dirt on Real Housewives castmates and explains why Beverly Hills is the best version 'John doesn't want kids': Recently engaged Nikki Bella reveals she and WWE Superstar fiancé Cena have NO plans to have children John proposed Sunday 'The world can't take jokes': Teen Mom OG's Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra respond to backlash over fake pregnancy announcement No Pitt of despair! Slimline Brad drowns his slender frame in oversized trousers at Lost City Of Z premiere as he moves on from split from Angelina Jolie Sienna Miller showcases her incredibly toned pins in daring chevron striped bikini as she soaks up the sun during relaxing Mexican getaway Kendall Jenner 'devastated' by the controversy  over 'offensive' Pepsi advert which caused outrage after appearing to trivialise protests Chic Kate Moss keeps it casual in a grey blazer and skinny jeans as she makes the street her catwalk in London She, showcased her supermodel sass That's a fun day! Jamie Lynn Spears shares video of daughter Maddie on Easter egg hunt and swamp tour after recovering from scary ATV accident Khloe Kardashian shows off taut stomach in revealing lace bodysuit after filming scenes with Scott and Kourtney for KUWTK Showed off a lot of skin Mommy and me! Heavily pregnant Ciara brings son Future to visit the Easter bunny in LA just days before due date Looked ready to pop 'I bow to your knowledge': Prince Charles gushes about his wife Camilla's fine taste in wine as the pair toast to the end of their tour of Europe Table for two! Christina Milian sports casual T-shirt and skinny jeans for trip to LA eatery with handsome mystery man The 35-year-old singer has been unlucky in love Putting her good foot forward! Jodie Sweetin is all smiles at interview after pricy custody order ruling... then hobbles through airport on crutches United front! Scarlett Johansson and estranged husband Romain Dauriac attend art opening in NY amid ongoing custody battle Still friends? Bond girl Monica Bellucci, 52, flaunts her age-defying figure in a knitted LBD and knee-high boots as she steps out in Rome Getting better with age  Daddy's girl! Jessica Alba rocks kooky specs and chic teal coat as she enjoys New York City lunch date with her father Mark Bonding in Big Apple Mel B seen for FIRST time since filing a restraining order against Stephen Belafonte... amid claims he 'hounded' her for threesomes Nicole Kidman admits she 'tortured' herself to look like the 'Aussie beach girl' ideal and has lost her famous spiral curls from straightening her tresses too much 'Equal opportunity b*tch!' Real Housewives Of New York star Sonja Morgan says co-star Bethenny Frankel will dish it out to anyone Season 9 begins April 5 Michael Caine and wife Shakira make a handsome couple as Morgan Freeman slips his compression glove back on to dine out with the duo in Mayfair Veteran actor Michael Caine hails the 'freedom' of Brexit as he dismisses the idea 'racism' was behind United Kingdom's decision to quit the EU The picture of health! Slimline Jonah Hill hugs fellow fitness fanatic Lena Dunham after meeting in Los Angeles They are two of the biggest young stars Mama, I love you! Geri Horner, 44, looks svelte in a belted suede jacket as she arrives at TV studios less than two months after giving birth to son Monty Thirsty? Rachel McCord goes topless during photo shoot for bottled water in Malibu There was not an inch to pinch on the 27-year-old model 'It's a daily struggle': A slimmed-down Mama June discusses incredible weight loss on the Dr. Oz Show Follows her epic 150-pound weight loss 'I hope you rot in HELL!': Mel B's sister brands her ex a 'psychopath' and a 'sorry excuse for a man' in furious post following abuse allegations Kourt out! Kourtney Kardashian leaves studio in baggy white mom jeans after KUWTK shoot with Khloe and Scott Small screen beauty Practice makes perfect! Abigail Breslin and Colt Prattes recreate the iconic lift from Dirty Dancing during rehearsals for TV reboot 'Her fiancé is projecting his penis': Bethenny Frankel delivers low blow to co-star Luann de Lesseps on Watch What Happens Live Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shields her blossoming baby bump from view as she steps out in New York with fiancé Jason Statham Ramona Singer leads the glam in an LBD as cast of The Real Housewives Of New York unite for season premiere party A night to celebrate Penciling in another engagement! Spain's Queen Letizia looks chic in a fitted skirt as she visits a hospital during a state visit to Japan Always elegant royal 'I'm not complaining!' Vin Diesel brags about THAT kiss with Charlize Theron in Fate Of The Furious Gushed about multiple takes of the same kiss Sienna Miller stuns in flirty dress as she poses alongside her dapper castmates for the Los Angeles premiere of The Lost City of Z Wore a lemon frill frock She's pregnant! Jenny Mollen and Jason Biggs post silly Instagram photo to announce they are expecting a second child Creative announcement Bravo! Tina Fey keeps it demure as she bundles up arriving to opening night of Present Laughter on Broadway with husband Jeff Richmond Mena Suvari looks chic in cutout black dress as she attends the premiere of SHOT! The Psycho-Spiritual Mantra of Rock Sleek and chic 'You guys are going to be shocked': Jeff Lewis reveals on WWHL that Kim Zolciak helped most with fatherhood One of his biggest supports Lauren Silverman looks sensational in plunging vest top worn with skinny jeans and skyscraper heels as she steps out in LA Looked sensational  Billy Zane packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they share passionate smooch while dining in Milan The Zoolander 2 star got smoochy in public Charlie Hunnam shares a bromantic hug with Robert Pattinson at Lost City Of Z premiere... after saying brooding actor 'didn't talk to him' on film set 'They couldn't have found someone else? Designer under fire for 'fat shaming' Amy Schumer after she was revealed as InStyle's stunning cover model 'I did take classes': Iggy Azalea reveals she lost 13lbs in one week while twerking for music video Mo Bounce  All that dancing kicked her body into shape Ready for her close-up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons silky pajamas and rollers in her hair while on New York set of her show Divorce Getting into character Model traveler! Miranda Kerr is a fashionable flyer in overcoat over navy blue mini skirt as she jets into LAX Sartorial elegance 'You don't see it coming': John Legend reveals he was blindsided by Chrissy Teigen's postpartum depression She bravely opened up Hugh Jackman puts down the Wolverine claws to send a warm greeting to fans ahead of Logan's May Japanease premiere  Such a gent Oops! Britney show forces Israeli Laborr party to delay leadership contest because security staff are already signed up to work at her Tel Aviv gig Baby daddy revealed? Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, drops hints the father of her third child 'Baby Lo' could be an old friend... Lopez is in the frame Kendall Jenner can't bear to show her face at airport after Pepsi pulls her 'offensive' Black Lives Matter ad amid growing storm including MLK's daughter  Coke is it! Madonna has sly Instagram dig at Pepsi after THAT mortifying Kendall Jenner fiasco Posted a photo of herself with a can of Coke Simply sophisticated! AnnaLynne McCord cuts classic figure in white crop top and matching trousers at star-studded benefit dinner  90210 actress was in LA Working it! Khloe Kardashian shows off cleavage in tank top at DASH...after Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries flashes bra at the shop 'I have to take the punishment': Abby Lee Miller takes full responsibility for criminal acts as she talks bankruptcy fraud charges 'It's time to get this party popping!' Adam Devine stars in hilarious teaser as he is named host of MTV Movie & TV Awards Workaholics star His un-caped crusader! Christian Bale cuddles his son Joseph as he takes the toddler out for lunch Carried his two-year-old tot to a cafe in LA Precious cargo! Natalie Portman steps out with baby daughter Amalia for the first time The 35-year-old took the tiny tot to popular walker sport in Los Angeles She's still got it! Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her enviable physique as she continues to enjoy family getaway in St Barths Flaunted her body The race is on! Flip Or Flop exes Christina and Tarek El Moussa 'are competing to land their own TV shows'... after posting dueling pinup snaps PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Now Lindsay Lohan wears a BURKINI: Mean Girls star hits the beach in modest swimwear in Thailand while studying Islam Yolanda Hadid shows off her svelte figure as she goes hell for leather in biker gear during NYC outing Made the sidewalks of New York her runway Going out girl: Emily Ratajkowski shows off her amazingly toned legs while out walking with a friend in LA Appeared to have an extra spring in her step 'You enjoyed humiliating me': RHOBH's Erika Girardi hits back at Dorit Kemsley in VERY tense reunion show trailer following pantygate Vroom vroom! Michelle Rodriguez revs it up in a black studded leather jacket as she heads to chat show appearance in New York Greeted fans She really LOVES that shirt: Dannii Minogue touches down at LAX wearing the same top she was sporting in Melbourne two days ago So nice she wore it twice Great jeans! Sofia Richie opts for casual look in double denim and fuzzy slippers to run errands in LA Appeared to wear very little makeup 'He's pretty f***ing cool!' Charlie Hunnam admits he developed a 'bit of a crush' on David Beckham when they worked together on King Arthur movie Give free or die hard! Bruce Willis, 62, and wife Emma, 38, arrive for annual gala of her baby charity Room To Grow Arrived hand-in-hand Padma Lakshmi stuns in two-piece ensemble while showing off a hint of toned tummy for the Women in the World Summit On the red carpet Model sighting! Kate Moss proves hard to miss in bright green jumper and skinny jeans as she emerges in London sunshine Casual chic 'I kept my butt in great shape': Anne Hathaway mistook her stunt double's derriere for her own while watching new flick Colossal Proud of her rear 'I haven't dated in a long time': Harry Styles reveals he's still on the lookout for love... as he admits his approach to romance was 'wrong and weird' Dapper Damian Lewis cozies up to glamorous wife Helen McCrory as they toast the opening night of The Goat or Who is Sylvia? Controversial role Is Kate's faithful flunkey set to take top job? PA could become Duchess's private secretary after accompanying her at series of engagements  Gotta keep the Faith! Eliza Dushku says she wasn't invited to the Buffy The Vampire Slayer reunion... despite starring in five seasons 20th anniversary A celebratory kiss! America Ferrera smooches husband Ryan Piers Williams after they complete a grueling triathlon in Hawaii 'Don't be mad': Iggy Azalea goes incognito as she arrives at LAX but manages to send a message with cheeky saying on hoodie Hardly recognizable Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber 'splash out £11million on NYC apartment opposite best friends George and Amal Clooney' Panoramic apartment All by my selfie! Kylie Jenner occupies herself by posing up a storm after Tyga 'moves out' of $6m home following breakup Embracing single life Bella Hadid shows off endlessly long legs in white mini-skirt... days after flaunting stellar body during girls' weekend in Mexico Heading to a photoshoot A vision in white! Diane Kruger commands attention as she teases at her assets in plunging flirty gown for French movie festival Daringly low-cut dress Stephen Belafonte calls Mel B's allegations 'a smear campaign' and claims 'real victims and survivors of domestic violence will be offended when truth comes out' Former Mouseketeer Britney Spears is set to receive Radio Disney's very first Icon Award Radio station is set to honor the star at a glitzy bash in LA on April 29 Where's Hef? Hugh Hefner skips massive party celebrating his new Amazon series - despite the fact it was just downstairs He was a no-show One proud mother! Makeup-free Katherine Heigl shares very rare photo of all three children as she promotes new film Unforgettable Downton star Michelle Dockery rocks a corset and cowgirl hat for stunning Vogue shoot as she speaks out on her role in Netflix's 'feminist western' Godless EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Charles and Camilla visit Pope Francis but no state visit invite for His Holiness  Did not invite him for a state visit this week 'F*** off': Dolce & Gabbana designer who dressed Melania Trump in $2900 blazer for her official White House portrait lashes out at critics online Charlize Theron teams a smart blazer with dazzling bling as she pulls off another winning look for the Paris premiere of Fast & Furious 8 Bachelorette lovers in paradise! JoJo Fletcher enjoys romantic bikini getaway with Jordan Rodgers  Pair, who met a year ago, hit beach in Fiji EXCLUSIVE: Kellyanne Conway dreamed of kissing rocker Rick Springfield, could be found 'at the mall' or 'in trouble' and shunned polyester and gossip  Dad's night out! Benedict Cumberbatch joins pals at London boutique launch a month after welcoming his second son with wife Sophie Hunter 'It was a release': Rio Ferdinand recalls the emotional moment he opened up to a friend about losing wife Rebecca six months after her death A porn star and a prostitute walk into a bar... Gabi Grecko shows off her cleavage as she does shots with former Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham Twinning! Naomi Watts sports matching outfit with friend as she braves the New York chill in a black coat and jeans Coordinating Red-y for a busy day! Bethenny Frankel is a mom on the move in bright coat as she heads to Today Show before bonding time with daughter Get your hands on Kim Kardashian's ample assets! Reality star releases $98 pool float shaped like her BUTT as part of new Kimoji merchandise range  Nothing is the same without him': Mother of Jose Fernandez's baby opens up about giving birth to their daughter after Marlins pitcher died in boat crash  Mama June goes bra-free in NYC showing off boob job after 300lb weight loss as she tells Good Morning America  she works 'every day' to stay slender Ni hao, Theodore: Ivanka Trump's youngest son learning Mandarin Chinese with building blocks just like big sister Arabella  'Best moment of the day!' Wedding bells? Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, 'are planning a future together' after their four children 'hit it off' Fast track to altar? Melania Trump puts on a chic show in an emerald dress as she meets Queen Rania of Jordan at the White House, before visiting a local school All that's missing are text books! Hilary Duff looks like a cute college student in a varsity jacket and distressed jeans on NYC set of Younger 'What's up, it's your boy!': Chris Pratt sings silly rap song about 180 calorie muffin after fasting to lose his 'love handles' for Jurassic World 2 Today's headlines Most Read 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US military fires 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles on Trump's... BREAKING NEWS: Putin calls US airstrikes on Syria an 'illegal act of aggression' US alerted Russian military 30 minutes before airstrike in Syria - but made no direct contact with Putin as... Republicans including John McCain and Ted Cruz praise Trump for Syrian airstrikes but Democrats say any... Trump's red line: Speed in which President launched airstrikes against Syria lays bare just how different he... Netanyahu leads worldwide praise of Trump's airstrikes on Syria and says he hopes they will be heard from... Woman, 30, who was seeking treatment for eczema dies after being given an IV of turmeric solution by a... Louisiana man, 74, indicted on a first-degree murder charge after he confessed 'out of the blue' to cold... New hope for pancreatic cancer sufferers as a revolutionary treatment may double patients' survival time and... Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV... Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90... Good Samaritan doctor, 47, who stopped to help SIX teenagers trapped in an overturned jeep dies after being... Eleven-year-old boy killed himself 'after his 13-year-old girlfriend faked her death and got her friends to... Woman mauled to death by two pit bulls while walking her dog in an Oklahoma City suburb Taser offers free one-year trial of body cameras to every US police force and renames itself Axon to broaden... Two teen girls, 16 and 17, who were killed falling from their hotel balcony in South Carolina are identified What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids Portland protester is removed from city council meeting for trying to give the mayor a Pepsi in parody of... Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has 'gotten absolutely nothing' from Chinese leader as he and... Hillary: FBI's James Comey cost me the election. Clinton says letter revealing email probe was... Hillary attends yet another musical as she meets cast on opening night of 'War Paint' after giving her first... Top table! Jared and Ivanka are seated beside Chinese First Lady at Mar-A-Lago dinner after flying in with... Trump family are running 'worn-out' secret service into the ground with the high cost of protecting them and... House intel chief steps aside from Russia probe over ethics charges – which he calls a left-wing plot to... Pregnant Lara Trump is left to wrangle her own $4,000 Louis Vuitton suitcase ahead of a flight to... Mitt Romney is thinking about running for SENATE in 2018 - as Republicans press Utah's Orrin Hatch to... 'When you have war at 7 but a croquet game at 8': Jared Kushner is ridiculed for wearing a sport coat and... That's one less thing to worry about! Republican right-wingers say they WON'T shut down the government (but... Ivanka is revealed to have secretly met Planned Parenthood chief - who then uses ultra-liberal get-together... MORE HEADLINES 'Mowgli girl' who walks on all fours and does not speak like a human is found living with monkeys in India 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US military fires 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles on Trump's orders at Homs airfield where Syrian dictator Assad launched chemical attack Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has 'gotten absolutely nothing' from Chinese leader as he and First Lady in red Melania host their counterparts at start of two-day Palm Beach summit Eleven-year-old boy killed himself 'after his 13-year-old girlfriend faked her death and got her friends to convince him she really was dead on social media in tragic online prank'  It's a 'total lie!' says Steve Bannon following report he threatened to QUIT over National Security Council demotion as he insists there's 'zero' chance he's going anywhere Aggressive passenger is recorded telling an Uber driver she will falsely accuse him of RAPE as they argue about a phone charger Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Four stunning surfers take to the sea but can YOU tell what’s different about their wetsuits?  'My children... they were beautiful': Syrian father whose wife and twin babies were killed in 'Assad gas attack' weeps over his family's graves in heart-breaking footage Woman, 30, who was seeking treatment for eczema dies after being given an IV of turmeric solution by a naturopathic practitioner  'I want my mommy': Pedophile FILMED girl, four, screaming for help as he raped her and 'assaulted multiple other young girls who he'd tie up and threaten with guns before acting out sick perversions' EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions during his Purpose tour Two teen girls, 16 and 17, who were killed falling from their hotel balcony in South Carolina are identified 'The president is a moron': Former SNL star Taran Killam says Donald Trump struggled to read and didn't get many of the jokes when he hosted in 2015  No spring in her step! Malia Obama braves rainy New York City weather in a parka and mini-skirt as she heads to work 'Something should happen' says Trump after Syria gas-attack atrocity as his secretary of state reveals plans for international coalition to topple Assad Good Samaritan doctor, 47, who stopped to help SIX teenagers trapped in an overturned jeep dies after being hit by a car during the rescue Defiant President Assad declares there is 'no option except victory' as he wages chemical war on his own people and says he is confident of totally defeating 'jihadists'  Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit Father driven to kill by grief: The true story of the husband who murdered air traffic controller he held responsible for crash that killed his wife and children that is behind new Arnie movie Surgeon hailed a hero after picture shows him sleeping on a hospital floor following a mammoth 28-hour shift EXCLUSIVE: Down and out Dean McDermott splurges on a second motorcycle and 'cryotherapy' anti-aging treatment as American Express joins the list of creditors demanding over $80,000 from wife Tori Spelling EXCLUSIVE: Did the CIA have a mole at the heart of Putin's hacking operation for years? Russians charge spy colonel with treason, find $12m in his house - then discover his identity is fake Daddy's little girl: Tiffany makes first White House visit and attends event in support of wounded veterans before all five Trump kids head to Mar-a-Lago with Donald (and China's president) Toledo man accused of chasing a relative with a hatchet and hitting the hood of a truck with the weapon by accident pleads not guilty Russia to send the world's largest submarine to the Baltic: Monster sub armed with 20 nuclear missiles to sail into NATOs 'swimming pool' as Putin flexes his muscles How America USED to look: Ultra-precise maps compiled for insurance companies from as early as the 1860s reveal incredible detail about neighborhoods across the US Trump supporter 'feels betrayed' after her undocumented husband is DEPORTED - because she thought the president would only deport 'bad hombres'  We're NOT exploiting Black Lives Matter, Pepsi insists: Man who made controversial Kendall Jenner ad claims it was based on images of Vietnam War protests MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Friday, Apr. 7, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Visiting Apple Blossom: New head brewer, state legislation, upcoming projects By Brian Sorensen ·   April 6, 2017  Photo: Hutch and Futch / Courtesy Apple Blossom Brewing Co. I made several beer-related resolutions a few months ago. One of those resolutions was to visit more local breweries. Another was to get to know some of the new brewers in the area. I killed two birds with one stone during a recent visit to Apple Blossom Brewing Co. to meet new(ish) brewer Brian Youngblood and catch up with one of the brewpub’s co-owners, Evan McDonald, to discuss beer legislation and projects underway at Apple Blossom. Strong recommendation leads Youngblood to Apple Blossom Believe it or not, Youngblood celebrated his one-year anniversary at Apple Blossom on March 21. He took over for Marcus Ward, who took the reins from original brewmaster Nathan Traw in late 2014. That makes Youngblood the brewpub’s third head brewer since opening for business in July 2013. Youngblood is a Little Rock native who graduated from Bryant High School. While studying history and anthropology at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock he worked at Vino’s Brewpub – one of the state’s original breweries (and the oldest brewery still in operation today). At first he was assigned exclusively to the restaurant side of the business, but an opportunity in the brewhouse soon came his way. “I was always interested in beer,” said Youngblood. “I had never made beer before, but it sounded fun.” When the general manager approached him about helping out in the brewhouse Youngblood jumped at the chance. He had recently graduated from UALR and was hungry for new sources of income. “They started me off cleaning kegs,” he said. Every brewer seemingly starts at the bottom, and Youngblood was no exception. Bill Riffle was the head brewer at Vino’s when Youngblood joined the brewing team. Riffle eventually left to start his own brewery in Big Flat, Arkansas – about two hours north of Little Rock in what many would describe as the middle of nowhere (but totally worth visiting). “When he left they brought Josiah Moody in [to take his place],” said Youngblood. “And Josiah took me under his wing.” Claiming tutelage under a respected brewer like Moody helped Youngblood get off to a solid start. Youngblood worked under Moody – who coincidentally moved to Northwest Arkansas recently to take the head brewer position at Bike Rack Brewing Co. – for about a year and a half. Youngblood soon picked up and moved to Los Angeles, California to start a new chapter. His wife was in the fashion industry, and he was anxious to make it on his own as a brewer. “I thought it would be a good opportunity to make a name for myself in the brewing industry,” he said. “Maybe I was a bit naïve because I figured it would be easy to get a job.” Despite tremendous growth in LA’s brewing industry, Youngblood discovered it was hard to parlay his experience at Vino’s into a fulltime gig. In the interim he worked to build his resume – working at beer-centric bars, reading as many brewing books as he could get his hands on, and completing the esteemed Cicerone program (which essentially certifies someone as a “beer sommelier”). Apple Blossom brewers (from left) Roger Rains, Brian Youngblood and Dan Bush Courtesy photo He also brewed at home quite a bit. He joined a local homebrewers club and met some people who were opening a commercial brewery of their own. Their expertise, however, was in the information technology field, not making beer. They didn’t have the know-how to run a brewery themselves so they hired Youngblood as head brewer and tasting room manager. Transplants Brewing Co. opened in Palmdale, California in January 2016 with Youngblood at the helm. The gig at Transplants didn’t last long, though. Youngblood’s wife took a job at Walmart and a move to Northwest Arkansas was suddenly on the table. He started putting feelers out and an old connection came through. Josiah Moody, his former boss at Vino’s, was friendly with the Apple Blossom crew and knew they were in the market for a new brewer. He recommended Youngblood for the job and brewpub management was quick to take action. “We hired Brian after a single Google Hangouts interview and Josiah’s word alone,” said Apple Blossom co-owner Evan McDonald. The day I visited Apple Blossom I was able to sample several of Youngblood’s beers. One of which was an English Special Bitter (better known as ESB) brewed using the SMASH method (which stands for single malt and single hop). Youngblood used Maris Otter malt and East Kent Golding hops, and the combination resulted in a balanced and traditional take on the style. To soften things up even further Apple Blossom’s ESB is served on nitrogen. On the other end of the spectrum was Youngblood’s barleywine, which was based on one of his longtime homebrew recipes. “I love brewing big beers,” he said. “We spent the winter brewing several big beers, and the barleywine was one of the first.” Youngblood has been brewing his barleywine around his son’s birthday every year, putting several bottles back to age so he can enjoy them when his son comes of age. To scale it up for a production run at Apple Blossom was special for him. Also available for sample that day were a porter (chockfull of black patent malt with a nice roast character), a dry cider (a first for Apple Blossom), and a session IPA (based on a previous brewer’s recipe). All were fermented clean and were on-point as far as styles go. Assistant brewers Roger Rains and Dan Bush both play a part in creating a quality outcome on brew days. McDonald’s service in the Arkansas Brewers Guild continues McDonald, also a Little Rock native, is outspoken and a colorful character in the Arkansas brewing community. The Hendrix College graduate originally moved to Fayetteville with the intention of opening his own brewery. His first job after arriving in town was in the kitchen at Tiny Tim’s Pizza on the downtown square. “Sammy hired me and Al later fired me,” he said referring to current business partners Sammie Stephenson and Al Schaffer. Despite the occupational hazards involved with their first meeting, the new friends joined forces to launch a successful bar venture called Smoke & Barrel Tavern – a precursor to Apple Blossom Brewing Co. McDonald has been active in the Arkansas Brewers Guild since Apple Blossom’s beginning. He previously served as the guild’s secretary, and is currently the vice president. Jonathan Martin of Bubba Brew’s Brewing Co. in Bonnerdale, Arkansas (near Hot Springs) is the president. He is a licensed attorney by day and brewer by night. “That’s precisely the reason I nominated him for the position,” said McDonald, recognizing the importance of managing the guild’s legal affairs. Apple Blossom co-owner Evan McDonald (right) frequently appears alongside Brian Youngblood in ABBC’s weekly Facebook video updates. Courtesy photo Lobbying state legislators is, in fact, one of the Arkansas Brewers Guild most important charges. In an industry that has an estimated economic impact of $500 million across the state, making the laws more brewer-friendly is extremely important. Fortunately, The guild is finding an increasing level of support from legislators in Little Rock. One of the industry’s biggest allies is a state representative from Northwest Arkansas. “Greg Leding is a real hero for craft beer,” said McDonald. “He’s such a sweet heart to all of us.” Leding, a Springdale native and outspoken Democrat in what is an increasingly red state, recently co-sponsored a bill intended to improve the operating environment for the state’s brewers. I caught up with Leding at one of his “coffee with constituents” events at Onyx Coffee Lab to discuss the legislation. Senate Bill 659 seeks to clarify several things, including the right of “front-of-house” brewery employees to work at other businesses that serve alcohol. “There is a law that says if you work at a brewery you can’t also work at a restaurant that serves alcohol,” said Leding. “A lot of people that work in the industry have multiple jobs, so it seemed kind of ridiculous that you might be cut off from job opportunities if you work in the [beer] industry.” 659, which passed the senate without a single no vote and was subsequently sent to the governor’s desk for signature, also allows small breweries in the state to receive and hold out-of-state beers to be poured at beer festivals. Hard liquor will be allowed in brewery taprooms, and the legislation clarifies the rules regarding beer shipments between small breweries and their various satellite locations. Leding said there are virtually no holdouts in state legislature in terms of making things easier for the state’s brewers. “Even if you don’t drink – and there are a lot of people in the legislature who don’t drink – they recognize the economic impact of the brewing industry,” he told me. Apple Blossom projects There’s plenty in the works at Apple Blossom these days. Youngblood continues to hone his recipes, and several beers are on their way. There are a few (rather conspicuous) Four Roses whiskey barrels sitting in the brewhouse, imparting character on the beer contained inside. One barrel holds an old ale which Youngblood estimates will finish near 13% ABV after a six-month soak. Watch for special barrel releases soon. Business at Apple Blossom is strong, and Emma Street Bar & Tap – an offshoot in downtown Springdale – is doing well, too. “We’ll be coming into music season soon and the patio will start livening up a little bit,” said McDonald. Bar & Tap is the model for the ground level of another Apple Blossom project in south Fayetteville. A 0.2-acre lot adjacent to Greenhouse Grille on West Prairie Street will eventually be the home of a new mixed-use development with an Apple Blossom Brewing Company taproom on the ground floor. Staff photo The 12-unit project in Fayetteville’s Mill District is progressing, and should break ground later this month. McDonald said Apple Blossom will operate a taproom on the bottom level with residential units on upper floors. The mixed-use project, which includes Fayetteville Alderman Matthew Petty as a partner, will take about a year to complete. Apple Blossom’s bakery business – led by Cody Johnson – is going gangbusters. McDonald said he and his partners are looking for a location to build out that side of the business, which gets busier with each passing day. Where and how it happens is still up in the air, but a standalone bakery continues to be a priority. Even with clear priorities for the business the guys at Apple Blossom are always looking for the right set of circumstances to grow. “We’re basically looking for opportunities that will lead to total world domination,” said McDonald with a mischievous grin. With Youngblood at the brewhouse helm and McDonald providing equal parts wisdom and humor, Apple Blossom should continue to dominate its particular corner of the state’s brewing industry for the foreseeable future. TOPICS: Craft beerLocal craft beer RECENT POSTS IN THIS TOPIC Core to host homebrewing competition March 25, free public admission Core’s Emma Street Public House recognized as best beer bar in Arkansas Columbus House Brewery plans commemorative beer for 2017 Joe Martin Stage Race JJ’s Beer Garden & Brewing Co. nears opening day   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Email News Updates Receive an email with headlines for all the day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2017 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Media The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition Blogs Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero KaffeeklatschPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Blogs up icon Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero Kaffeeklatsch Print Edition The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Garb ageLooking good can be extremely bad for the planet Global clothing production doubled between 2000 and 2014 print-edition icon From the print edition | BusinessApr 8th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon STYLE is supposedly for ever. But the garments needed to conjure up eternal chic are spending less time on shop racks and in homes than ever before. Global clothing production doubled between 2000 and 2014, as apparel firms’ operations became more efficient, their production cycles became quicker and fashionistas got more for their money. From just a few collections a year, fast-fashion brands such as Zara, owned by Spain’s Inditex, now offer more than 20; Sweden’s H&M manages up to 16. Dressing to impress has an environmental cost as well as a financial one. From the pesticides poured on cotton fields to the washes in which denim is dunked, making 1kg of fabric generates 23kg of greenhouse gases on average, according to estimates by McKinsey, a consultancy. Because consumers keep almost every type of apparel only half as long as they did 15 years ago, these inputs quickly go to waste. The latest worry is shoppers in the developing world, who have yet to buy as many clothes as rich-world consumers but are fast catching up (see chart). Latest updates What is a current-account deficit? The Economist explains4 minutes ago America attacks Syria Democracy in America17 minutes ago Devin Nunes recuses himself from the House probe on Russia Democracy in America6 hours ago Donald Trump meets Xi Jinping Democracy in America10 hours ago A global decline in smoking masks regional variations between the sexes Graphic detail14 hours ago “Sesame Street” introduces its young viewers to autism Prospero16 hours ago See all updates Most apparel companies know that sooner or later, consumers’ awareness of this subject will rise. That is a worry. Various furores in the 1990s and afterwards over the working conditions of people making goods for firms such as Nike, Walmart and Primark badly damaged brands. The clothing industry cannot afford to appear so ugly again. One obvious way in which firms can answer environmental concerns is to use renewable energy to power their facilities. Beyond that, they can cut back sharply on water and chemical use; and they can develop new materials and manufacturing processes that reduce inputs. The record in this regard is mixed. H&M was the largest buyer in the world of “better cotton” last year—that is, cotton produced under a scheme to eliminate the nastiest pesticides and encourage strict water management. It grows in 24 countries and represents about 12% of the 25m tonnes of cotton produced each year globally. Kirsten Brodde of Greenpeace also notes that H&M has eliminated toxic per- and polyfluorinated chemicals from its lines (which are used to make garments waterproof). Nike’s Flyknit method of weaving items, including trainers, reduces waste by 60% in comparison with cutting and sewing. Flyknit products have a large following: revenues from the line came to more than $1bn in the last fiscal year. But for many firms, research and development into new materials and methods is not a priority. Plenty do not measure their overall environmental impact. And introducing green collections can even carry a risk for brands, reckons Steven Swartz of McKinsey. It is possible that a shopper will move on from wearing a consciously green T-shirt to viewing other kinds of clothing as the trappings of planetary destruction. A handful of brands encourage customers to recycle old clothes by returning them to stores. But almost all apparel today is made of a mix of materials—very often including polyester. Separating them out is difficult and mechanical methods of recycling degrade fibres. Chemical methods are too expensive to be viable. Shipping second-hand clothes off to countries in Africa and Asia is also a bust. Even if local markets are large enough to absorb them, the poorer quality of polyester-mixed garbs means they do not survive long. More durable apparel could help. Tom Cridland, a British designer, creates men’s clothing that is designed to last three decades thanks to strong seams and special treatments to prevent shrinking. He expects revenues of $1m this year, but admits that his model will be hard to scale. Patagonia, a maker of climbing and hiking gear, sends vans to campuses to help students patch up jackets and trousers. It helps others with greenery, too. After discovering a type of material for wetsuits that, unlike neoprene, requires no oil to make, Patagonia shared the find with surfing brands such as Quiksilver. Such innovation is badly needed. Style may be forever but today’s model of clothing production is not.   This article appeared in the Business section of the print edition under the headline "Green is the new black" twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content Editors’ picks An overdue reprisalAmerica attacks Syria Donald Trump orders his first military action Democracy in America Safety lastHow to manage the computer-security threatLeaders Unmarred-a-LagoDonald Trump meets Xi JinpingDemocracy in America The Economist explainsWhat is a current-account deficit?The Economist explains You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Iconic Tour Iconic Tour 2016 Tour 2015 Tour Buy Tickets for 2017 Kate Hudson shares her 5 secrets on how to start and grow a business empire Constance Gustke, special to CNBC.com 17 Hours Ago SHARES For Kate Hudson, co-founding athleisure retailer Fabletics in 2013 has been a winning exercise on building a brand in a market already dominated by a slew of activewear powerhouses. To date, Fabletics, part of the e-commerce juggernaut TechStyle Fashion Group, has a $250 million revenue run rate, with sales increasing 43 percent in 2016. In just four years Fabletics has more than 21 million followers on Twitter and has opened 18 retail stores. Despite some controversy over its VIP monthly membership model, Fabletics has attracted 1.2 million monthly members in eight countries, who receive discounts of up to 50 percent on apparel. Starting at $49, members receive a top, sports bra and bottoms based on their lifestyle and fashion preferences. The idea: to offer personalized service and on-trend fashion at half the price of competitors. So how did she do it? While massive name recognition certainly helps, the Golden Globe–winning actress saw an opportunity: to adopt a Warby Parker e-commerce model and create an affordable, high-quality line that inspires all women — regardless of size, age or ability — to look and feel their best and embrace an active, healthy lifestyle. Hudson's mission was further realized Monday, when Fabletics announced its expansion into plus sizes. "When I started rapping about this idea, I got so passionate about it," said Hudson. "There wasn't a great-quality, affordable active-wear line. There were $250 yoga pants." A growing trend Athleisure apparel – casual clothing meant to be worn in the gym and around town — is a growing trend. According to research firm NDP Group, U.S. consumers spent $44 billion on activewear in 2016; Morgan Stanley predicts the sector will represent $83 billion in U.S. sales by 2020. Much of this is driven by millennials, who are more health conscious and have more relaxed standards when it comes to clothing, even in the workplace. While Fabletics' lower price point sets it apart from companies like Nike, Under Armour, Lululemon and Athleta, discounters such as Target and Wal-Mart have recently entered the field, driving prices down. But Fabletics, like Amazon, is banking on its tech-centric DNA, using big data to track customers' buying preferences and even predicting future demand with great accuracy. (The company's most popular items are the Salar Capri and the Lisette high-waisted capri, said Hudson.) More from iCONIC: Warren Buffett's favorite CEO annual letter is not his own. It's from this guy. How three Michigan students turned a class project into $3 million Investing legend Jack Bogle's 6 best money and career tips for young people Fabletics also benefits from having TechStyle Fashion Group as its savvy parent. TechStyle is currently valued at more than $1 billion, making it part of the much-coveted unicorn club. Reuters, citing anonymous sources, is reporting that the company is on the block. (TechStyle declined to comment.) Besides JustFab, TechStyle also owns other brands, like ShoeDazzle and FabKids. JustFab recently participated in Project Runway and is the exclusive accessories partner of the show. Hudson's 5 tips for success Hudson's drive to create fashionable, affordable fitness attire has been an inspiring journey, and she's learned many lessons along the way to building up her brand. Here, the mother of two shares her 5-point recipe for success that continues to churn out sales. 1. Identify marketing opportunities. Seeing that a lot of activewear was expensive, Hudson zoned in on a retail white space that other companies didn't see. VIP member prices for Fabletics athleisure, for example, start at $49 per month. She and her team also decided to design activewear for all shapes and sizes. So the team got busy and created ready-to-wear lines for extended sizes XXS to 3X. "It's a lot of extra work," she said. "But the team is awesome." The bigger story here, she adds, is about America's struggles with health. Hudson wanted to create clothes that are fun and fashionable and inspire people to work out more. If someone wants a glass of wine, too, that's okay, she says. The message is to encourage people to put one foot in front of the other. "We need to start encouraging people to start small," she says. "You'll start to feel stronger and be less tired. Go out and breathe." 2. Stay hands on. Hudson looks at sales numbers every week. She also knows which apparel is moving — and which isn't. "What you thought would blow off the shelves isn't resonating enough," she said. Apparel that fails to sell is taken off the site right away. New collections are launched every month. "It's like a big bet," she says, explaining that formulaic approaches don't necessarily work these days. Hudson is also involved with marketing. Last year Hudson, who is also a director and producer, made a 30-second unfiltered commercial using her iPhone that she planned and shot herself. "You have to be increasingly creative with marketing and design to have a successful company," she says. "Business doesn't lack creativity." 3. Rely on big data to make better decisions. When first signing up for Fabletics, new members take a quick quiz. That data helps Fabletics determine prices, turn inventory quickly and create models of what fashions customers will be demanding in upcoming months. "Because we sell directly to consumers, we can hear what customers are saying," she says. "So we don't create waste." 4. Get inspired. Hudson's inspiration, of course, is her mother, actress and icon Goldie Hawn. Hudson is a member of the board of her mother's Hawn Foundation, which teaches mindfulness to kids. The program, called MindUp, is now taught to more than 1 million kids in the United States and several other countries. "People thought my mother was crazy when she first started the foundation," says Hudson. "I watched her uphill battle and her passion and hard work to help kids." Twenty years from now Hudson expects to follow her mother's lead and delve deeper into philanthropy. "There's a lot of stress on the world," she says. "We need to start with connection." 5. Believe in yourself and take risks. Hudson's motto is simple: Live your passion. Life on Earth is very short, so focus on what matters most. "Try to keep that in perspective," she said, "and you become fearless." — By Constance Gustke, special to CNBC.com iCONIC Tour Full Coverage of the iCONIC Tour
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Boys Volleyball Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Vintage Photos Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Six teens face charges after state police find them with stolen cars, merchandise Police lights Six teens face charges in Huntingdon County after being found with stolen cars and stolen Wal-Mart merchandise. (PennLive file photo) Print Email Hope Stephan | hstephan@pennlive.com By Hope Stephan | hstephan@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 06, 2017 at 9:53 AM comments A half-dozen teens ages 11 to 18 who were arrested by state police in Huntingdon County early Sunday face an array of charges including theft, burglary and fleeing from police. They are accused of stealing two cars and about $900 worth of merchandise from the local Wal-Mart. Police said Thursday that a marked patrol unit noticed a dark sedan about 2:40 a.m. traveling the wrong way on one-way Mifflin Street in Huntingdon. When the trooper turned on his emergency lights, the sedan managed to pass him at a high rate of speed. After a brief chase, the sedan was boxed in in a parking lot adjacent to Church Street, police said. The driver turned out to be a 14-year-old boy, and with him were a 13-year-old boy, an 11-year-old boy and a 3-year-old boy. The car had been reported stolen a few hours earlier. A search of the vehicle yielded $700 worth of merchandise stolen from Wal-Mart. The owner of the stolen sedan also reported that a second vehicle missing. That car was found in the borough with three more teens, ages 17, 18 and 18. In that car was another $200 of merchandise stolen from Walmart, police said. Charges on all six teens were pending. Assisting state police in the investigation are officers from Huntingdon and Mount Union, as well as Huntingdon County Children and Youth Services and Juvenile Probation. Violent and viral: Brawl videos keep emerging online, begging the question 'why?' Most Read PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group PennLive The Patriot-News Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US trade group hacked with Chinese software ahead of Trump-Xi summit News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Technology US trade group hacked with Chinese software ahead of Trump-Xi summit The hackers left a malicious link on web pages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council (NFTC) register for upcoming meetings.  Posted 06 Apr 2017 21:15 Updated 06 Apr 2017 21:34 A map of China is seen through a magnifying glass on a computer screen showing binary digits in Singapore in this January 2, 2014 photo illustration. Picture taken January 2, 2014. REUTERS/Edgar Su/Files Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SAN FRANCISCO: A sophisticated hacking group that pursues Chinese government interests broke into the website of a private U.S. trade group ahead of Thursday's summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to researchers. The hackers left a malicious link on web pages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council (NFTC) register for upcoming meetings, according to researchers at Fidelis Cybersecurity and a person familiar with the trade group. The nonprofit NFTC is a prominent advocate on international trade policy, with corporate members including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Amazon.com Inc, Ford Motor Co and Microsoft Corp. The malicious link deployed a spying tool called Scanbox, which would have recorded the type and versions of software running on the computers of those exposed to it, said Fidelis researcher John Bambenek. Such reconnaissance is typically followed by new attacks using known flaws in the detected software, especially older versions. Scanbox has only been used by groups associated with the Chinese government, Fidelis said, and was recently seen on a political site aimed at Uyghurs, an ethnic minority under close government scrutiny in China. The breach was detected about five weeks ago by a NFTC director who is a customer of Fidelis, the security company said. Both the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the NFTC were notified and the malicious link removed, and Fidelis said it had no evidence of NFTC members being infected. The FBI and the NFTC declined to comment. A spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Bambenek said he believed the attack was classic espionage related to international trade talks, rather than a violation of a 2015 agreement between former U.S. President Barack Obama and Xi to end spying for commercial motives. The summit starting on Thursday is the first meeting between Xi and Trump, who blamed China on the campaign trail for the loss of many U.S. jobs and vowed to confront the country's leaders on the matters of trade and currency manipulation. “I think it’s traditional espionage that happens ahead of any summit,” said Bambenek. “They would like to know what we, the Americans, really care about and use that for leverage.” Other security firms agreed that wholesale theft of U.S. intellectual property has not returned. Instead, FireEye Inc and BAE Systems Plc said that the hacking group identified by Fidelis, called APT10, has recently attacked government and commercial targets in Europe. FireEye researcher John Hultquist said heavy industries in Nordic countries have been hacked more often as Beijing switches priorities. “They are certainly taking those resources and pushing them to other places where they can still get away with this behavior," Hultquist said. - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 27° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Hugh Hewitt Show 6PM–2AM News U.S. trade group hacked with Chinese software ahead of Xi summit U.S. trade group hacked with Chinese software ahead of Xi summit Thursday, April 06, 2017 8:02 a.m. CDT FILE PHOTO: A man types on a computer keyboard in front of the displayed cyber code in this illustration picture taken on March 1, 2017.REU By Joseph Menn SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A sophisticated hacking group that pursues Chinese government interests broke into the website of a private U.S. trade group ahead of Thursday's summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to researchers. The hackers left a malicious link on web pages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council (NFTC) register for upcoming meetings, according to researchers at Fidelis Cybersecurity and a person familiar with the trade group. The nonprofit NFTC is a prominent advocate on international trade policy, with corporate members including Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Johnson & Johnson , Amazon.com Inc , Ford Motor Co and Microsoft Corp . The malicious link deployed a spying tool called Scanbox, which would have recorded the type and versions of software running on the computers of those exposed to it, said Fidelis researcher John Bambenek. Such reconnaissance is typically followed by new attacks using known flaws in the detected software, especially older versions. Scanbox has only been used by groups associated with the Chinese government, Fidelis said, and was recently seen on a political site aimed at Uyghurs, an ethnic minority under close government scrutiny in China. The breach was detected about five weeks ago by a NFTC director who is a customer of Fidelis, the security company said. Both the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the NFTC were notified and the malicious link removed, and Fidelis said it had no evidence of NFTC members being infected. The FBI and the NFTC declined to comment. A spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Bambenek said he believed the attack was classic espionage related to international trade talks, rather than a violation of a 2015 agreement between former U.S. President Barack Obama and Xi to end spying for commercial motives. The summit starting on Thursday is the first meeting between Xi and Trump, who blamed China on the campaign trail for the loss of many U.S. jobs and vowed to confront the country's leaders on the matters of trade and currency manipulation. “I think it’s traditional espionage that happens ahead of any summit,” said Bambenek. “They would like to know what we, the Americans, really care about and use that for leverage.” Other security firms agreed that wholesale theft of U.S. intellectual property has not returned. Instead, FireEye Inc and BAE Systems Plc said that the hacking group identified by Fidelis, called APT10, has recently attacked government and commercial targets in Europe. FireEye researcher John Hultquist said heavy industries in Nordic countries have been hacked more often as Beijing switches priorities. “They are certainly taking those resources and pushing them to other places where they can still get away with this behavior," Hultquist said. (Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Addtional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington; Editing by Bill Rigby) Comments Top Stories Lake Superior Levels Remain Above Average Thursday, April 6 Highway 53 Relocation Project Continues Thursday, April 6 Two Hospitalized After Lincoln Park Fight Thursday, April 6 Chicago Heroin Dealer Arrested in Duluth Wednesday, April 5 Arrowhead Home And Builders Show At DECC Wednesday, April 5 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Nation and World Missing teen's dad calls teacher 'nothing but a liar' Updated: April 6, 2017 — 8:16 AM EDT Facebook icon Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email by The Associated Press Close icon The Associated Press COLUMBIA, Tenn. (AP) - The father of a Tennessee teenager says the 50-year-old teacher she vanished with last month is "nothing but a liar." Anthony Thomas tried to deliver a message to his missing 15-year-old daughter, Elizabeth, on Wednesday by telling WKRN-TV (http://bit.ly/2oEOJtZ ) "we all need you home." He said teacher Tad Cummins is "filtering" the news the girl sees. He urged Cummins to turn himself in. FILE - In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Anthony Thomas, the father of Elizabeth, a missing Tennessee teenager who vanished with Cummins, told WKRN-TV on Wednesday, April 5, 2017, â€œwe all need you home.â€� He also urged teacher Cummins to turn himself in. Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas were reported missing on March 13. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP, File) Cummins and Thomas were reported missing on March 13. The last confirmed sighting of the pair was two days later at an Oklahoma City Walmart. Police have issued an Amber alert for Thomas and say they have warrants charging Cummins with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. A tree was planted in honor of Thomas in a Tennessee park Wednesday as part of national crime victim's rights week. Published: April 6, 2017 — 9:42 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in news Philadelphia Kenney, Conrail clash over Kensington heroin camp Philadelphia Philly residents who want to dodge the NFL draft Pennsylvania Husband also 'gave' wife, 2 other daughters in abuse case; guilty, no contest pleas McConnell proves he belongs in NBA, as Sixers lose to Bulls Booker, Republicans introduce federal ban-the-box legislation Dawn Staley returns to Dobbins Tech to share national title A food boomlet coming to 19th St. Rough week for Coatesville trucker caught up in state insurance cases Ryan Howard's deal with Braves is still very minor-league Over 50 companies are now boycotting O’Reilly. But one is sticking with him 'Will & Grace' star hits World Cafe stage before return to sitcom roots Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 38-51 We set you thinking Friday 7 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream World No information on Russian casualties in Syria: RIA cites embassy 1491548090 World Turkey views U.S. missile strike in Syria positively: deputy PM 1491548126 World Britain says it fully supports U.S. strikes on Syria 1491547675 World U.S. fires missiles at Assad airbase, escalating role in Syrian war 1491545675 World Syrian air base suffers major damage due to U.S. strikes: Russia's RIA 1491547252 World Iran says U.S. strike in Syria 'dangerous, destructive': IRNA 1491547108 World Poland supports U.S. actions on Syria, government spokesman says 1491547032 World Russians not hurt in U.S. strikes on Syria airbase: Ifax cites lawmaker 1491546587 World Russia, Iran condemn U.S. air strike in Syria as Britain, Turkey give support 1491547108 World Putin says U.S. strikes on Syria illegal, harm U.S.-Russia ties 1491547340 World U.S. attack on Syrian base killed five, Homs governor says 1491547108 World France was informed of U.S. Syria strikes, foreign minister says 1491546490 Business Stocks spooked, safe assets jump after U.S. missile strike on Syria 1491545979 Sports End of the road for F1 in Malaysia after 2018, PM Najib confirms 1491545100 Singapore City Harvest appeal: Kong Hee, 5 former church leaders given lower jail terms 1491530400 Business Chase for tastier tortillas starts with age-old 'Mexican gold' 1491545084 Business Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years as chips soar 1491544965 World Hit-and-run motorcyclist who killed pedestrian in Malaysia nabbed at Penang Hospital 1491543960 Business U.S. South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival 1491544421 Singapore Tears flow as packed court hears verdict on City Harvest appeal 1491542760 World Reporters Without Borders opens first Asia office in Taiwan 1491544603 World Australia's counterterrorism unit investigates fatal petrol station stabbing 1491544213 World Russian lawmaker: U.S. air strikes on Syria are political double standards - RIA 1491543510 Entertainment It’s official — Najip Ali is out of Malaysian show 1491543712 Business Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A 1491542824 World Russian lawmaker says Russia-U.S. Syria coalition in doubt - agencies 1491541767 World Syrian opposition SNC welcomes U.S. strike on airbase 1491541821 World Philippines to upgrade facilities, not occupy new areas in disputed sea: military 1491539793 Business Hyundai, Kia plan major car recall in U.S. and S.Korea over engine issue 1491539833 World US blasts Syria base with cruise missiles 1491528660 World France confident U.S. will not cut into Mali U.N. mission needs 1491539368 Business Adidas to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe with Silicon Valley start-up 1491538744 Business U.S. employment growth seen slowing as warm weather boost fades 1491538198 Business Exclusive: Yum's KFC to curb antibiotic use in the chickens it buys 1491537987 World ‘Tan Sri’ who attempted bribing Johor Sultan out on bail 1491538308 Singapore New Zika cluster at Flower Road/Hendry Close, close to ongoing Simon Place cluster 1491480840 Singapore Washington affirms commitment to Asia-Pacific region 1491508920 Singapore S’pore must deal with ‘challenging terrain’ on trade with US 1491508920 World U.S. defense official calls U.S. strike on Syria a 'one-off' 1491537537 World Malaysian hotel operators up in arms over tourism tax 1491508920 World US vice president Pence to visit S Korea, Japan, Indonesia, Australia, Hawaii 1491493260 World Homs governor doesn't believe there are big human casualties at base 1491537028 World Bolivia seeks Friday Security Council talks on U.S. Syria strike 1491536953 Singapore Terror risk level in Singapore up for first time in 10 years: Report 1491494760 Singapore Boyfriend of alleged rape victim encouraged her to attend late-night party 1491508920 Singapore No haze for Singapore this year from Sumatran fires: Governor 1491494160 World Trump, China's Xi dine ahead of talks on security, trade 1491526680 Singapore Robot ‘security guards’ up for hire 1491508920 Singapore Think big, start small, act fast, civil servants told 1491508920 Entertainment Why no love for Phua Chu Kang, Singapore? 1491481440 World U.S. trade group hacked with Chinese software ahead of Xi summit FILE PHOTO: Man types on a computer keyboard in front of the displayed cyber code in this illustration picture. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:05 PM, April 6, 2017 Updated: 11:45 PM, April 6, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO - A sophisticated hacking group that pursues Chinese government interests broke into the website of a private U.S. trade group ahead of Thursday's summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to researchers. The hackers left a malicious link on web pages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council (NFTC) register for upcoming meetings, according to researchers at Fidelis Cybersecurity and a person familiar with the trade group. The nonprofit NFTC is a prominent advocate on international trade policy, with corporate members including Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N>, Amazon.com Inc <AMZN.O>, Ford Motor Co <F.N> and Microsoft Corp <MSFT.O>. The malicious link deployed a spying tool called Scanbox, which would have recorded the type and versions of software running on the computers of those exposed to it, said Fidelis researcher John Bambenek. Such reconnaissance is typically followed by new attacks using known flaws in the detected software, especially older versions. Scanbox has only been used by groups associated with the Chinese government, Fidelis said, and was recently seen on a political site aimed at Uyghurs, an ethnic minority under close government scrutiny in China. The breach was detected about five weeks ago by a NFTC director who is a customer of Fidelis, the security company said. Both the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the NFTC were notified and the malicious link removed, and Fidelis said it had no evidence of NFTC members being infected. The FBI and the NFTC declined to comment. A spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Bambenek said he believed the attack was classic espionage related to international trade talks, rather than a violation of a 2015 agreement between former U.S. President Barack Obama and Xi to end spying for commercial motives. The summit starting on Thursday is the first meeting between Xi and Trump, who blamed China on the campaign trail for the loss of many U.S. jobs and vowed to confront the country's leaders on the matters of trade and currency manipulation. “I think it’s traditional espionage that happens ahead of any summit,” said Bambenek. “They would like to know what we, the Americans, really care about and use that for leverage.” Other security firms agreed that wholesale theft of U.S. intellectual property has not returned. Instead, FireEye Inc <FEYE.O> and BAE Systems Plc <BAES.L> said that the hacking group identified by Fidelis, called APT10, has recently attacked government and commercial targets in Europe. FireEye researcher John Hultquist said heavy industries in Nordic countries have been hacked more often as Beijing switches priorities. “They are certainly taking those resources and pushing them to other places where they can still get away with this behavior," Hultquist said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ﻿From Trump’s Mar-a-Lago to Facebook, a national security crisis in the open ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Wrong way down the highway’ driver arrested after US crash that killed six ‘Worst is over’ for Brazil’s meat scandal: Minister ‘Trouble’ if Dr M-Nazri debate proceeds: Malaysian police ‘Tan Sri’ who attempted bribing Johor Sultan out on bail ‘Suddenly, she fell to the ground’ - victims of Syria attack Yemen forces prepare to move on main port, agencies say civilians at risk Xi says China, Finland to increase cooperation under China-EU framework With healthcare faltering in Gaza, care in Israel is sought after White smoke signaled gas attack on Syrian town White House says U.S. must accept 'political reality' in Syria White House official says North Korea is test for U.S.-China relations White House backs Haley, Tillerson on Syria's Assad Inside Today World Britain says it fully supports U.S. strikes on Syria Putin says U.S. strikes on Syria illegal, harm U.S.-Russia ties Syrian air base suffers major damage due to U.S. strikes: Russia's RIA U.S. attack on Syrian base killed five, Homs governor says Russia, Iran condemn U.S. air strike in Syria as Britain, Turkey give support Business Stocks spooked, safe assets jump after U.S. missile strike on Syria Chase for tastier tortillas starts with age-old 'Mexican gold' Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years as chips soar U.S. South, not just Mexico, stands in way of Rust Belt jobs revival Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Sports End of the road for F1 in Malaysia after 2018, PM Najib confirms Previous FAS Councils not inclusive in decision-making: Razali Ex-national player Donald Koh is new badminton chief Long jumper Tia makes record-breaking start at National School Games Sundram's Lions move up four rungs in FIFA rankings Entertainment It’s official — Najip Ali is out of Malaysian show Najip Ali could lose spot on Astro’s flagship programme Affordable art on offer at two weekend events NHB engagement session participants discuss cultural awareness, heritage spaces Why no love for Phua Chu Kang, Singapore? About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
12:00 AM Fri, April 07th Weather  56.0° Subscriber Services News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Odd & Interesting Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Neighbors Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Odd Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Newsletter Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submissions Subscriber Services (Start / Stop) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Editorial: Gateway is struggling, but hope still remains By The Daily Courier Originally Published: April 6, 2017 6 a.m. Share Tweet After The Daily Courier reported that Prescott Gateway Mall was up for auction, editors here received a number of emails from readers eager to lay the blame for the indoor mall’s struggles. Rents were too high, more than one said. Never should have let Barnes & Noble go, said a few others. Gateway Mall is not an outlier, but part of a trend. The website DeadMalls.com lists more than 500 malls that have closed. In a 2015 report by Green Street Advisors, their experts estimated that another 300 malls would close in the next decade. Why are these malls struggling? Here are some of the reasons cited by experts: The rise of big box stores, such as Walmart, Target and Costco. The rise of online shopping. Younger generations are less inclined to spend their money on high-end clothes. A change in consumers themselves. In the 1970s and ’80s people went to the mall for a day of shopping and people watching. Now, people prefer to drive to one store, get in, get out and go. That’s why strip malls such as Frontier Village and Crossroads are in good shape, while indoor malls such as Gateway struggle. So, when looking to assign blame, many of us should look in the mirror. We changed, the mall didn’t. Gateway Mall is in better shape than others, because it still has its three anchors, Sears, JCPenney and Dilliards. So what could the new owners do to turn around Gateway’s fortunes? Many of the malls that have failed have become something new, a hospital or a college. But there are some successful stories of malls being revitalized. Bloomberg reported that Hull Property Group in Augusta, Georgia, has been buying up struggling malls and turning them around. Their formula: Negotiate tax incentives with local governments; demolish excess space; and reverse public perceptions that the property is struggling. Marketing experts say that while the younger generations are not eager to spend money on high-end clothes, they will spend money on unique experiences. So adding an indoor skydiving attraction or similar ideas could also help. Industries must adapt or die. We’ve seen plenty of examples in recent decades, from Underwood typewriters, to 8-track players, to spending the day at the mall with friends. Progress is often cruel, and always heartless. The new owners of Gateway Mall no doubt know that, and hopefully they will have a plan to revitalize a key component of the local economy. Sign in to favorite this Contact Us More like this story Prescott Gateway Mall on the auction block Clothing store closes at Gateway Mall Locals looking forward to rebate, not expecting a miracle Council to consider Wal-Mart plan Prescott Gateway Mall sold for $10M SUBMIT FEEDBACK Click Below to: File a Rant or Rave about this story Ask us a question Submit a letter to the editor Send us a news tip or story idea MOST READ 7 days 30 days Mountain Lion stalks family at Goldwater Lake Suspect hospitalized after officer-involved shooting near PV park Prescott Gateway Mall on the auction block Prescott Gateway Mall sold for $10M Immigration status will be ignored, local police say Man wanted for Prescott robbery, knife attack PV man sentenced to 98 years in child sex case Wildfire in Prescott Valley causing traffic jams and prompts fear of area homeowners Man dies in Crown King crash Wildfire in PV neighborhood sparked by downed electrical pole (Gallery) Rollover claims life, hospitalizes one in serious condition Prescott woman bares all on reality television show Suspect hospitalized after officer-involved shooting near PV park Prescott Gateway Mall sold for $10M Mountain Lion stalks family at Goldwater Lake Obituary: Breckin James Fullmer Victims in single-vehicle rollover identified Police looking for missing 21-year-old woman Prescott Gateway Mall on the auction block Fake OxyContin linked to 6 deaths in Yavapai County, Medical Examiner says SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Newsletter Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Daily Courier and Western News&Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. trade group hacked with Chinese software ahead of Xi summit By Reuters Published: 09:01 EDT, 6 April 2017 | Updated: 09:01 EDT, 6 April 2017 e-mail By Joseph Menn SAN FRANCISCO, April 6 (Reuters) - A sophisticated hacking group that pursues Chinese government interests broke into the website of a private U.S. trade group ahead of Thursday's summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to researchers. The hackers left a malicious link on web pages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council (NFTC) register for upcoming meetings, according to researchers at Fidelis Cybersecurity and a person familiar with the trade group. The nonprofit NFTC is a prominent advocate on international trade policy, with corporate members including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Johnson &amp; Johnson, Amazon.com Inc, Ford Motor Co and Microsoft Corp. The malicious link deployed a spying tool called Scanbox, which would have recorded the type and versions of software running on the computers of those exposed to it, said Fidelis researcher John Bambenek. Such reconnaissance is typically followed by new attacks using known flaws in the detected software, especially older versions. Scanbox has only been used by groups associated with the Chinese government, Fidelis said, and was recently seen on a political site aimed at Uyghurs, an ethnic minority under close government scrutiny in China. The breach was detected about five weeks ago by a NFTC director who is a customer of Fidelis, the security company said. Both the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the NFTC were notified and the malicious link removed, and Fidelis said it had no evidence of NFTC members being infected. The FBI and the NFTC declined to comment. A spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry did not respond to a request for comment. Bambenek said he believed the attack was classic espionage related to international trade talks, rather than a violation of a 2015 agreement between former U.S. President Barack Obama and Xi to end spying for commercial motives. The summit starting on Thursday is the first meeting between Xi and Trump, who blamed China on the campaign trail for the loss of many U.S. jobs and vowed to confront the country's leaders on the matters of trade and currency manipulation. "I think it´s traditional espionage that happens ahead of any summit," said Bambenek. "They would like to know what we, the Americans, really care about and use that for leverage." Other security firms agreed that wholesale theft of U.S. intellectual property has not returned. Instead, FireEye Inc and BAE Systems Plc said that the hacking group identified by Fidelis, called APT10, has recently attacked government and commercial targets in Europe. FireEye researcher John Hultquist said heavy industries in Nordic countries have been hacked more often as Beijing switches priorities. "They are certainly taking those resources and pushing them to other places where they can still get away with this behavior," Hultquist said. (Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Addtional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington; Editing by Bill Rigby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She doesn't want to be outshone': Pippa 'BANS model Vogue Williams from her wedding' - even though she is dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second  appearance since winning a restraining order against estranged Stephen Belafonte Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on husband David when she's working... as she credits 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire A vision in white! Sam Faiers flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging figure-hugging dress for her fashion launch Yummy mummy 'No wonder she was on cocaine!': Paul O'Grady quips good friend Cilla Black must have taken drugs to host Blind Date... as he blunders on show reboot Yes, you can wear black and white and flat shoes to a wedding! How to be the best dressed guest this season  SPONSORED 'You big bald baby!': Mel B rows with Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in counselling as clips from their reality show resurface amid abuse allegations PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles emerges following Mel B's explosive claim that she fell pregnant during affair with estranged Stephen Belafonte Hot metal! Stunning Jennifer Lopez, 47, wows as she flashes her ample cleavage in daringly plunging silver tank top Jenny in the frock Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie splurges £9,000 on a BEARD transplant which took 12 hours to complete... as he continues to combat 'insecurity' issues MC Harvey's girlfriend Montana Manning flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy blue bikini as they enjoy a romantic beach break Checkered history Mum knows best! Heartbroken Megan McKenna is comforted by mother Tanya as they head for dinner in Essex Newly single  Splish splash! Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber and her father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Non-stop fun in the sun David Beckham adds to his huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... a week after watching son Brooklyn, 18, get his first design FIRST PHOTO: New dad Jesse Eisenberg enjoys stroll with baby boy and girlfriend Anna Strout in NYC Have welcomed their first child together What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids Snap prompted even more backlash Millie Mackintosh flaunts her cleavage and toned stomach in a tiny pink bikini as she shares sizzling throwback snap  Slender figure Duran Duran Simon Le Bon hits Miami beach with bikini-clad female companion as he enjoys downtime ahead of Duran Duran gig Pair looked close A rabbi, blue mutant and female Bob Dylan: Thanks to the wonders of make-up, these stars are unrecognisable. Can you put a name to the face? His number one fan! Abbey Clancy rocks denim flares and a matching jacket as she supports her musician brother John at charity gig  She's ripped! Paige Butcher shows off insanely toned tummy in Hawaii as takes a dip in the ocean while holding baby she had with Eddie Murphy Rosie and her amazing technicolor dreamcoat! MIC's Fortescue puts on a colourful display in dazzling coat and gold boots for style talk in London Mel B leaves lawyer's office second day in a row amid reports she's 'bringing in forensic accountant after ex Stephen Belafonte took control of her finances' Holly Hagan shows her ex Kyle Christie what he's missing as she flaunts her incredible cleavage in a racy push-up bra for a VERY saucy Instagram video 'Not long till I get to dance like I'm at a school disco with this one': Little Mix star Jesy Nelson posts video of her and new beau Chris Clark swaying to Drake  Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her bump in a bandeau bikini as she enjoys the sunset on romantic babymoon with boyfriend JP Patterson Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather of Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' No one's looking at her feet! Chanel Iman flashes her toned midriff in leather bralette as she promotes sandals Flashed the flesh in Los Angeles Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Took to his Instagram on Thursday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan swaps modest Burkini for sexy cut-out swimsuit in Thailand Looked rather different in skimpy beachwear  Ex On The Beach star Charlotte Dawson showcases her bust in a very racy white lace bralette with matching sheer skirt as she hits the town Pleased with the service? Cat Deeley beams as she picks up her car from a valet... after bitter dispute with LA waiter over 'inedible' food Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit 'My honey': Cindy Crawford toasts her husband of 20 years Rande Gerber on beach break in St Barths Shared a photo from the Caribbean Smoking hot! Bella Hadid has cigarette break with mystery man in New York...after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Company 'I'm still turned on by her': Scott Disick admits he's still attracted to ex Kourtney Kardashian  The 33-year-old TV personality split from Kourtney 2015. The Spice that divided Mel's marriage: Stephen Belafonte looks on as she shares amorous clinch with two female pals... months before he 'got the nanny pregnant' 'Get your t**s out!' Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear appear worse for wear as they ask TV reporter for a THREESOME in shocking interview Avengers: Infinity War filming continues as a HUGE explosion rocks Edinburgh...as stars such as Elizabeth Olsen continue shooting for anticipated flick Austen powers brings Emily Dickinson to life: A Quiet Passion is an admirable biopic on the 19th century American poet  Writes BRIAN VINER Pixie Lott flashes her abs in minuscule Calvin Klein sports bra and leather skirt as she cosies up to model fiancé Oliver Cheshire for fashion launch Caroline Flack shows off her glowing tan in a pretty embroidered halterneck dress at pal Dawn O'Porter's book launch Sophisticated ensemble Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a figure-hugging taupe mini dress as she leads the glamour at fashion bash New Look pool party Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong is 'thrown out of Essex venue after jealous row with ex James Lock's current squeeze Yazmin Oukhellou' Pregnant Danielle Bux walks ex-husband Gary Lineker's dog... as she moves back into his home while expecting Nate Greenwald's first child Sleepover with the BFF: Kylie Jenner enjoys relaxing morning in bed with Jordyn Woods... after ex boyfriend Tyga moves out This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Instagram clip PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Game Of Thrones star Maisie Williams goes make-up free as she goes for a jog with a male pal in London Stark in the park Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Took to Snapchat PICTURED: Mel B shares a smile with the stunning German nanny she SACKED just six weeks after a 'mortifying' make-or break-Ibiza holiday Daisy Lowe flashes her bra under sheer shirt as she works androgynous chic at star-studded American Gods premiere Rocked the red carpet Freida Pinto steals the show in elegant embroidered ensemble as she joins co-star Idris Elba at the UK launch of new TV drama Guerrilla Glamorous display Winnie Harlow shows off her impossibly long legs in tiny miniskirt as she appears at star-studded WE Day charity event in New York Canadian supermodel  A home fit for a Starman! David Bowie's former New York apartment hits the market for $6.5million - and it even comes with the rock legend's piano Austin Powers star Verne Troyer hospitalized for alcohol abuse and will be checking into rehab In the San Fernando Valley Former Skins star Freya Mavor flashes her pert derriere in gothic sheer gown at The Sense of an Ending premiere Looking good Supportive sister: Dressed down Duchess of Cambridge leaves Pippa's house after a bridal party summit six weeks before the big day  Pete who? Megan McKenna shows ex Wicks what he's missing as she parties with TOWIE newbies Jack Rigden and Jordan Brook after split 'I feel unsafe': Former Savage Garden singer Darren Hayes says he's scared of holding hands with husband Richard Cullen in public situations' Viva la Roma! Sofia Vergara shows off her killer curves in hip hugging lace gown for gala event in Italy Plunged low to show off her cleavage Heidi Klum flaunts her athletic figure and impressive abs in a patterned bikini on beach Turks and Caicos getaway Blissful getaway She had the full Hollywood makeover! Mama June spent $10K getting her teeth fixed... after weight loss surgery, skin removal and a boob job The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cradles her blossoming baby bump as she treats herself to a shopping spree   Expecting her first child They sure look good together! Bra-free Courtney Stodden flashes sideboob in tiny tank top as she cuddles up to a mystery man in Beverly Hills 'I never felt sexy with guys before': Meghan Trainor dishes on boyfriend Daryl Sabara as she reveals he's 'obsessed' with her body 'I'm actually rather dangerous': Annabelle Wallis insists her looks can be deceiving as she discusses her 'layered' personality in Town & Country magazine Place your bets! Make-up free Coleen Rooney leaves the hair salon sporting a chic up-do as Aintree Festival kicks off in Liverpool Loves the races 'I woke up feeling... fill my womb!': Pregnant Dawn O'Porter admits she hadn't always wanted kids... as she reflects on growing up without a 'mother figure' Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Supposed to be going through a divorce 'She cares about herself more than her kids': Mel B's angry ex Jimmy Gulzar claims he considered suicide after star made his life 'hell' as she tried to block him Spencer Matthews cuts a stylish figure in West London as he prepares his best man duties ahead of brother James and Pippa Middleton's wedding Who cares about the horses? Ladies of Aintree hit the bar and show off their dance moves (and very daring fashions) as day one draws to a close  Totally pucker! Liz Hurley, 51, looks jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a white string bikini as she shares clip of herself blowing kisses on the beach 'It costs $40K a month to be me!': Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne says she has to spend a fortune to look good for the camera  Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Actress pulled off the risky look  Singing showdown! Demi Lovato and James Corden go face-to-face in Divas Riff-Off song battle The pair duked it out for the divas Empire actor Morocco Omari arrested for domestic violence Is accused of repeatedly pushing a 24-year-old woman during an argument 'Missing it so much!' Vicky Pattison sizzles in skimpy bikini as she reminisces over sun-drenched Dubai getaway with beau John Noble Wined and refined! Eva Longoria looks effortlessly chic in black dungarees as she visits Basque vineyard with husband José Bastón Good times Lily-Rose Depp looks Parisian chic in casual black-and-white outfit while on shopping trip Was out with a bodyguard for a trip to The Grove Katie Holmes enjoys outing with pretty-in-pink Suri... days after she was pictured at dinner with Jamie Foxx picking up some basics with her daughter Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Made a drab path look like a high end catwalk Chilled out! Sofia Richie opts for comfort as she steps out in a long white bathrobe dded matching white platform sneakers and large shades Tallia Storm rocks double denim as she shows off her toned and tanned legs in a tiny mini skirt for a trip to pal's house Out and about Paris chic! Diane Kruger models leather jacket, pink scarf to hit French Movie Festival... but beau Norman Reedus is nowhere to be seen Ready for Easter! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend pose with their daughter Luna as they take photos with a bunny in West Hollywood They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler 'I don't look at the cup as half full': Pierce Brosnan opens up about life after the devastating loss of his first wife and daughter to ovarian cancer 'You have an ally': Justin Theroux says he loves being married to Jennifer Aniston because she always has his back Feels lucky Kourtney Kardashian heads out on another dinner date with Quincy Brown after holidaying in Hawaii with ex Scott Disick and their children Something to tell us? The birthday suit is back! Joanna Krupa poses stark NAKED once again in a sizzling snap to toast turning 38 Put on a steamy display to mark the milestone Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in a chic mini skirt and ruffled blouse as she promotes Fast & Furious 8 in Madrid  EXCLUSIVE: Dean McDermott buys second motorcycle and anti-aging treatment as American Express demand over $80,000 from wife Tori Spelling EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions Break a leg? Michael McIntyre wears a supportive boot on his injured foot as he takes time out from comedy tour in London No laughing matter Tatt's awkward! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear unveil new matching tattoos... after he got similar inking with ex Jemma Lucy SIX months ago 'Spring breaking!': Lisa Rinna, 53, shares flashback photo in black bikini after ugly end to season seven of RHOBH Knows how to turn heads 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Curtain couture! Olivia Culpo channels The Sound of Music in quirky dress Worked a rather quirky ensemble Chic Kate Moss keeps it casual in a grey blazer and skinny jeans as she makes the street her catwalk in London Showcased her supermodel sass Mel B hires Sydney nanny Lauren McCartney after claims Stephen Belafonte impregnated former German nanny Lorraine Gilles in 2014 Get Out earns the most MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations while Beauty & The Beast, Game Of Thrones and Stranger Things also score big 'Maccas... is that like jackass?': Confused Heston Blumenthal tries to decipher Australian slang after that BIZARRE interview on TV show The Project Hollywood heartthrob Gerard Butler sports a bushy beard and flat cap as he continues to film new movie Keepers For the second consecutive day Mario Balotelli's ex-fiancée Fanny Neguesha flaunts her ample cleavage and pert derriere in very sexy purple thong bikini as she hits Miami beach  Big Brother's Laura Carter cuts a demure figure as she steps out in shoulder-baring navy mesh dress for day of horse-racing at Aintree Looked demure 'That is genius': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield burst into a fit of giggles as they discuss Kim Kardashian selling pool floats in the shape of her bum Glamorous cinema heiresses and the Duke of Kent's stunning daughter are among the débutantes, royals and society girls celebrated in Country Life Mama, I love you! Geri Horner, 44, looks svelte in a belted suede jacket as she arrives at BBC studios less than two months after giving birth to son Monty Feeling The Force! Daisy Ridley squeals with glee as she unleashes her inner adrenaline junkie at theme park  Good fun 'Good vibes only': Lucy Watson sets pulses racing while smouldering in a sexy swimsuit... as she puts MIC drama behind her on holiday in Maldives 'Random men offer to have a baby with me': 'Unfulfilled' Gemma Collins reveals best friend has offered to be an egg donor as she discusses fertility battle Hot to Trot! Bethenny Frankel steps out in skintight cut-out LBD in New York after Watch What Happens Live appearance Skinygirl LBD 'Nobody calls': Caitlyn Jenner reveals she's been frozen out by the Kardashians since transitioning in candid face-off with Khloe Kardashian Sienna Miller showcases her incredibly toned pins in daring chevron striped bikini as she soaks up the sun during relaxing Mexican getaway Billy Zane packs on the PDA with mystery Kelly Brook look-a-like as they share passionate smooch while dining in Milan Certainly has a type Sofia Richie bonds with dad Lionel as he recovers from knee injury that forced him to postpone tour with Mariah Carey Went to a concert  Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death Died in December Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
    E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Waterbury Payless to close Shoe retailer is the latest losing battle to online shopping April 6, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Sandy Hook Towns: Greater Waterbury , Newtown CT , Torrington CT , Waterbury CT , Wolcott CT - no comments By Anne D'Innocenzio AP Retail Writer Payless ShoeSource at 950 Wolcott St. in Waterbury is among the 400 shoe stores to be closed by the company as it works its way through Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Two other Waterbury locations, and one in Torrington, will remain open. Alec Johnson / Republican-American NEW YORK – One of three Waterbury Payless ShoeSource stores will close under a Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection plan announced by the discount shoe retailer Tuesday. Payless, which has two other stores in Waterbury and another in Torrington, is the latest retailer to succumb to increasing competition from online rivals like Amazon. The Waterbury store to close is at 950 Wolcott St., in a shopping center shared with Wal-Mart. The Topeka, Kansas-based retailer said Tuesday that it will be immediately closing nearly 400 stores as part of the reorganization. It has over 4,400 stores in more than 30 countries and was founded in 1956. In Connecticut five stores are expected to close. Other Connecticut stores to close are in Whethersfield, Newtown, Old Saybrook and Norwalk. Meghan Spreer, a company spokeswoman, said it is not immediately clear when the Waterbury store will close. Shoppers can expect a liquidation sale to begin shortly. “It is going to depend store by store,” she said. Payless plans to reduce its debt by almost 50 percent, lower how much it pays in interest and line up funds. The company says some of its lenders have agreed make available up to $385 million to keep the stores running. “This is a difficult, but necessary, decision driven by the continued challenges of the retail environment, which will only intensify,” said said Payless CEO Paul Jones in a statement. Shoppers are increasingly shifting their buying online or going to discount stores like T.J. Maxx to grab deals on designer brands. That shift has hurt traditional retailers, even low-price outlets like Payless. In fact, Moody’s Investor Service said earlier this year that the number of “distressed” retailers -those with cash problems and lots of debt that are facing strong competition – is at the highest rate since 2009. It named Payless as one of the retailers. Several retailers have closed stores or gone out of business in 2017. The Limited closed all 250 of its remaining stores early this year. It had operated nearly 400 stores at the end of 2000. Teen retailer Wet Seal in January said it would close its 171 stores. – Business Editor Alec Johnson contributed to this report. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business How small software firm avoided a race to the bottom April 6, 2017 - Business - no comments Star Tribune (Minneapolis) (TNS) MINNEAPOLIS – CEO Chris Hanson and Mark Paquette, the chief technology officer of TheDataBank, never planned to get rich when they formed a software firm 20 years ago that would link nonprofits and progressive political causes… Read Post → Zima will make a summer return, but it joins a crowded field April 6, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Fourth of July - no comments Chicago Tribune (TNS) CHICAGO – Who knew so many people liked Zima? In a savvy bit of marketing, Chicago-based MillerCoors is bringing back Zima – the “zomething different” alternative to beer of the early 1990s – for a limited time… Read Post → US reviews Ford recall of cars prone to overheating, fires April 6, 2017 - Business - 2 comments In North America the recall includes Escape SUVs from the 2014 model year, plus the 2014 and 2015 compact Fiesta ST, the 2013 and 2014 Fusion midsize car and the 2013 through 2015 Transit Connect small van. DETROIT – The… Read Post → Germany: Opel sale to French automaker opportunity for both April 5, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Layoffs - no comments BERLIN (AP) – Germany’s economy minister and other officials met Wednesday with the head of automaker PSA Group and union representatives to go over details of the French company’s acquisition of General Motors’ European brand Adam Opel AG, with both… Read Post → Hassan bill would ease student debt burden on entrepreneurs April 5, 2017 - Business - no comments CONCORD, N.H. (AP) – U.S. Sen. Maggie Hassan is sponsoring legislation aimed at helping ease the student debt burden for young entrepreneurs. Hassan introduced a bill Wednesday that will allow the founders and full-time employees of some small business startups… Read Post → Pepsi pulls widely mocked ad featuring Kendall Jenner April 5, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Black Lives Matter, Police, Police shootings, Social media - 2 comments   NEW YORK (AP) — Pepsi on Wednesday pulled an ad after it was widely mocked and criticized for appearing to trivialize protests for social justice causes. “Pepsi was trying to project a global message of unity, peace and understanding,”… Read Post → Unusually large swarm of icebergs drifts into shipping lanes April 5, 2017 - Business - no comments   PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — More than 400 icebergs have drifted into the North Atlantic shipping lanes over the past week in an unusually large swarm for this early in the season, forcing vessels to slow to a crawl or… Read Post → One of Waterbury’s Payless shoes to close Company had three locations in Brass City April 5, 2017 - Business Towns: Greater Waterbury, Torrington CT, Waterbury CT, Wolcott CT - no comments   NEW YORK (AP) — Shoe chain Payless ShoeSource has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, becoming the latest retailer to succumb to increasing competition from online rivals like Amazon. The Topeka, Kansas-based retailer said Tuesday that it will be… Read Post → JAB snaps up Panera Bread for more than $7 billion April 5, 2017 - Business Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT, Wolcott CT - no comments ST. LOUIS (AP) — Panera is being acquired by Europe’s JAB Holding Co. for more than $7 billion. JAB is better known for the growing stable of brands it owns or has a big stake in, including Peet’s Coffee &… Read Post → Man dies due to big doughnut April 4, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Police, Sacred Heart High School, Social media - no comments DENVER – A man trying to eat a half-pound glazed doughnut in 80 seconds as part of a Denver doughnut shop’s eating challenge choked to death, one of two people who died in such contests this past weekend. Travis Malouff,… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Waterbury budget hearing flops 3 hours ago Litchfield lowers school proposal 3 hours ago Carbone to seek 2nd term nd term 3 hours ago Waterbury school improvements OK’d 3 hours ago Schools’ plea OK’d after cut 3 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Do you agree with the U.S. firing missiles into Syria? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments danno1128 on Waterbury budget hearing flops smd309 on Trump removes Bannon from National Security Council Why2 on Trump removes Bannon from National Security Council Why2 on Senate GOP ‘goes nuclear,’ clearing way for Trump court pick Why2 on Poll: Most Americans oppose funding border wall Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 04/05/2017 08-20-46-53-54 PB-13Next Drawing: Sat. Apr. 8Next Jackpot: $50.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $30.4 Mega Millions for 04/04/2017 13-24-34-35-55 MB-09 MP-5Next Drawing: Fri. Apr. 7Next Jackpot: $20.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $12.1 Lotto! for 04/04/2017 10-14-23-25-27-41Next Drawing: Fri. Apr. 7Next Jackpot: $1.6 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,303,000 Lucky for Life for 04/06/2017 06-18-37-41-47 LB-06Next Drawing: Mon. Apr. 10 Cash5 for 04/06/2017 02-03-09-11-30 Upcoming Events Apr 7 Fri 9:00 am Free Memory Screening @ Abbott Terrace Health Center Free Memory Screening @ Abbott Terrace Health Center Apr 7 @ 9:00 am – 5:00 pm The National Memory Screening Program is an initiative of the Alzheimer’s Foundation of America. Memory screenings are like other routine health check-ups. It takes about 10 minutes and while the result is not a diagnosis, it can suggest if someone... 11:30 am Discovery Luncheon and Cooking Demo @ The Watermark at East Hill Discovery Luncheon and Cooking Demo @ The Watermark at East Hill Apr 7 @ 11:30 am – 1:30 pm Learn about The Watermark and see cooking demo by chef Jim Bain. RSVP. Free. 203-745-2295. 3:45 pm YA Origami @ Seymour Public Library YA Origami @ Seymour Public Library Apr 7 @ 3:45 pm Ages 10-up. Create origami art. Free. 4:00 pm Life Teen Baked Stuffed Shrimp D... @ Father John M. Cooney Parish Center Life Teen Baked Stuffed Shrimp D... @ Father John M. Cooney Parish Center Apr 7 @ 4:00 pm – 7:30 pm The fifth annual Life Teen baked stuffed shrimp dinner fundraiser will be held Friday, April 7, from 4 to 7:30 p.m. at the Father John M. Cooney Parish Center at St. John the Evangelist School, 760 Main St. The meal... 5:30 pm Easter Village @ Naugatuck Park Department Easter Village @ Naugatuck Park Department Apr 7 @ 5:30 pm – 7:30 pm Admission to see the Easter Bunny is free. Pete & Chris Amusements-Magicians will be there on April 8. Balloon Benders will be there on April 14. Monetary donations and non-perishable food items are welcome. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads WATERBURY WATERBURY Twnhse 2BR, remodeled. W/D hkup, $975 mo. 1st & sec, cr check 203-704-7125 MARINI PAVING 860-274-3978 MARINI PAVING 860-274-3978 * Driveways * Repairs * Seal Coating * Drainage #563045. 203-410-9226 Comments Popular Today Week Month All Poll: Most Americans oppose funding border wall A few cuts from education in Waterbury Trump removes Bannon from National Security Council Wolcott students eye sale of tobacco Don Rickles, king of insult comedy, dies at 90 Today Week Month All Cecelia A. Bernier Occia A. Robertson Ryan S. Horvath Thomaston A few cuts from education in Waterbury Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 4/06 Updated To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) 4/06 Updated America’s best and worst airline? Depends on what you’re looking for 4/06 Ex-FBI director to lead Takata payout claims 4/06 Samsung forecasts 48% surge in Q1 operating profit Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Spending & Saving 5 things NOT to buy at Lowe’s and Home Depot By Catey Hill Published: Nov 18, 2016 4:25 a.m. ET Share Home-improvement stores tend to save you money, but certain items may not be great Bloomberg By CateyHill Editor Shoppers assume that large home improvement stores like Lowe’s LOW, +0.43%     and Home Depot HD, +0.41%     have the best prices — and they’re often right — but not always. “In general, the big stores that specialize in home improvement are great resources to save a lot of money on big-ticket items for the home, especially major appliances, lawn and garden equipment and home repair/remodeling products,” says Brent Shelton, a spokesperson for FatWallet.com. Plus, he adds, the salespeople have specialty knowledge, there is a large selection of home improvement items, and these stores’ seasonal prices on many items are often nearly unbeatable, even when comparing them to low-cost, big-box stores like Walmart   and Target TGT, +1.55%    and online sites like Amazon AMZN, -1.21%   . Furthermore, savvy shoppers can get even deeper savings with a little legwork. Both Home Depot and Lowe’s have sections of their sites where they list products offering rebates — some saving you hundreds of dollars — and discounts. Plus, carrying a store card (if you’re careful and pay your bill in full and on-time) can yield savings. Lowe’s, for example, has a card offering shoppers 5% off purchases and both stores have cards with 0% financing options, which, can be especially helpful for big-ticket items you need a few months to pay off, assuming you pay the card before that period is up. Listen: This week on Catey Hill and Quentin Fottrell’s podcast Money, Markets and More: (on iTunes): What NOT to buy on Father’s Day and The worst tipper in America. And if you’re willing to do research on competitor’s prices and deal with customer service at the store, both Lowe’s and Home Depot offer a price match guarantee that’s among the most competitive in the retail industry. Both say they will beat a local competitor’s prices by 10% if you bring in the local competitor’s current ad, though there is a long list of exclusions to this policy. (Home Depot and Lowe’s did not respond to our request for comment.) But don’t just assume big home improvement stores are your best bet. For one, your local hardware store will sometimes price match if you ask them to, and they may carry a discount line of goods that competes with those at a large home improvement store, says Shelton. Plus, the service at your local store may feel more personal. And, the asking prices at home-improvement stores aren’t always great deals. Here are five things that experts say you may be better off buying elsewhere. This story has been updated and was originally published in March 2016. Prev Page 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next Page Quote References LOW +0.35 +0.43% HD +0.60 +0.41% TGT +0.82 +1.55% AMZN -11.00 -1.21% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com Get Matched with the Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 3.93% 15 yr fixed 3.13% 10 yr fixed 2.96% 30 yr fixed refi 3.93% 15 yr fixed refi 3.15% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.29% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.8% $50K HELOC 4.81% $75K HELOC 4.81% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.77% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.2% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.77% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.42% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.26% 48 Mo Used Car 3.23% 36 Mo Used Car 3.45% 72 Mo New Car 3.41% 60 Mo New Car 3.52% 48 Mo New Car 3.36% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.56% 12.47% 11.98% Business 13.62% 13.49% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.79% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.98% 14.89% 14.39% Airline 15.73% 15.62% 15.13% Cash Back 15.76% 15.66% 15.33% Reward 15.79% 15.70% 15.30% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.11% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.17% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Lowe's Cos. U.S.: NYSE: LOW $81.97 +0.35 (+0.43%) Volume 3.4M Open $81.87 High $82.46 Low $81.79 P/E Ratio 23.69 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap 70.7B Home Depot Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HD $147.24 +0.60 (+0.41%) Volume 2.6M Open $147.04 High $147.96 Low $147.00 P/E Ratio 22.83 Div Yield 2.42 Market Cap 176.1B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $53.57 +0.82 (+1.55%) Volume 8.6M Open $53.16 High $54.13 Low $53.07 P/E Ratio 11.35 Div Yield 4.48 Market Cap 29.2B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $898.28 -11.00 (-1.21%) Volume 6.2M Open $913.80 High $917.19 Low $894.49 P/E Ratio 183.16 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 433.9B
Home Tools Solano News Community News and Views US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Crime-courts Woman’s memory, testimony about father of her children go blank By Jess Sullivan From page A4 | April 06, 2017 FAIRFIELD — A 25-year-old Vacaville ex-con was ordered Wednesday to stand trial on four felony charges for what police said were two attacks on the mother of his two children. Ramon Garcia Jr. has pleaded not guilty to making threats and assault for what police said happened at his mother’s Brown Street apartment Sept. 1, 2016. Garcia has also pleaded not guilty to domestic violence and false imprisonment charges for what reportedly happened two months later on the morning of Dec. 12 in the parking lot of the Walmart in Dixon. The mother of Garcia’s children took the witness stand Wednesday for Garcia’s hearing. She testified she could not recall telling Vacaville police about Garcia pointing a gun at her and threatening to shoot her as she and Garcia sat in her car with her 2-year-old nephew just a few feet away. She testified she could not recall being slapped by Garcia in the apartment while their two young children and his mother were watching nearby. Nor could she recall turning over to Vacaville police the gun he reportedly hid in a diaper bag. Nor could she recall a phone call from Garcia a short time later, overheard by police, directing her to bring the gun back to the apartment. The woman testified that she could not recall being confronted by Garcia at the Walmart. She testified she could not recall Garcia punching her in the face before he grabbed her and tried dragging her to his car in the parking lot. However, she did acknowledge that she is the person pictured in a Dixon police photo showing her injured face shortly after officers responded to her panicked 911 call. Vacaville and Dixon police officers also testified at the hearing, filling in the gaps about what police said the woman had described for them about the pair of disputes with Garcia. Garcia, locked up since December with bail set at more than $100,000, is scheduled to be arraigned April 21. Reach Jess Sullivan at 427-6919 or [email protected] . Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jsullivandr. Jess Sullivan Jess has covered the criminal justice system in Solano County for several years. He was an embedded reporter in Iraq in 2003. Story Archive @jsullivandr on Twitter Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | 12 comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Fires Waiting To BurnApril 06, 2017 - 1:36 am The thing I find most interesting about this article is that Hispanics live on Brown Street, so then I have to wonder was it a coincidence? Or was it the Fulfillment of a lifelong dream? In any event this sounds like a great idea and I would like to suggest to Bradley Anderson that he relocate to A$$wipe Avenue.Reply Report abusive comment Keeping it realApril 06, 2017 - 6:52 am To Fires Waiting To Burn you foul mouth racist P.O.S is this your IQ YOUR DEMONSTRATING,talk about Brown nosing YOU GOT YOUR HEAD UP EVERYONE'S A**.Stay in ur own back yard an clean up ur own sh**stinky.Reply Report abusive comment Fires Waiting To BurnApril 06, 2017 - 7:43 am There you are you dawdling old jealous fool, go suck a d!ckReply Report abusive comment EGApril 06, 2017 - 8:46 am Exactly racist a$$hole! Get a life idiotReply Report abusive comment Fires Waiting To BurnApril 06, 2017 - 9:24 am Clearly you are a bitter old liberal fool, nothing I said was racist I was merely pointing out the irony. Racism is asserting that one race is superior to another, or denied access to anything based on one's race and clearly I did neither. I know you limp wristed lefties like to throw out big words like that to shut people down so that there is no discussion because there is no validity to your arguments, they don't hold water and you cannot back them up. With that being said you too can go suck a d!ckReply Report abusive comment EGApril 06, 2017 - 1:25 pm Haha and clearly you are stupid! Because you are probably old as hell that has no life but to here commenting about everything at all hrs! Im glad you stopped talking about wheelchairs on every story. Now maybe your brain started working again! And stop thinking you are smarter then everyone on here trying to educate everybody when clearly you are STUPID!!!!Reply Report abusive comment EGApril 06, 2017 - 1:27 pm Oh yeah and you can go suck a d!ck you probably like it thats why you tell eveyone to!Reply Report abusive comment ClancyApril 06, 2017 - 9:14 am He will probably kill her or thr child next time.Reply Report abusive comment Fires Waiting To BurnApril 06, 2017 - 9:27 am Yes I would tend to agree SADReply Report abusive comment ChrisApril 06, 2017 - 9:59 am MLK jr. Blvd is always in a crappy neighborhood too. Always.Reply Report abusive comment GTFOHApril 06, 2017 - 10:24 am Let this lady lay with this garbage! Why do we care if she's slapped around? She doesn't. This woman loves to get kicked around or at least doesn't mind so let it be.Reply Report abusive comment Fires Waiting To BurnApril 06, 2017 - 10:38 am Obviously you are a close-minded idiot, you have absolutely no understanding of the cycle of violence and what happens to a person mentally when they were extremely abused as a child. there becomes a lot of acting out and I truly feel bad for this lady and what she has certainly gone through in her life, when people who think like you go the way of the dinosaur that will be a good start to making the world a better placeReply Report abusive comment Recent Articles Today’s Print Edition Lucic’s hat trick leads Oilers past Sharks 4-2 Diamondbacks beat Giants 9-3 to win home series Armijo football player Joshua Terris to play for Concordia of Nebraska Prep baseball: Rodriguez, Vintage end in 4-4 tie Prep badminton: Armijo gets redemption win against rival Rodriguez Prep boys golf: Rodriguez has solid outing, falls to Wood Middle school soccer: Green Valley boys and girls both get wins over Crystal Weather for Friday, April 7, 2017 US routs Germany 11-0, sets up matchup with Canada for gold Museum gets Mazeroski bat, uniform from 1960 World Series Tim Terrific: Tebow homers in 1st AB as Mets minor leaguer Senate OKs California tax, fee hike for roads Lots of clamor over proposed county noise ordinance Pickleball, tennis courts at Allan Witt gain sticker support Solano College pact for training, counseling businesses OK’d Teen involved in deadly Travis Dairy heist faces more prison time Suspect in Fairfield shooting that killed 1 makes brief court appearance NorthBay Nurse Camp application deadline nears National Weather Service issues advisory for high wind Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 4/6/17 Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Home Seller 04-01-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Stars and Stripes 03-30-2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live look at the NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC View of downtown Manhattan from the Brooklyn Bridge RADAR: Heavy rain and flooding in the Northeast Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Kittens nap and play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Cherry blossoms begin to bloom at Zojoji Temple Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live look at the beach surf in Lavalette, NJ More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Tree planted in Tennessee in honor of allegedly kidnapped teen Elizabeth Thomas By David Caplan Close Follow on Twitter More from David Apr 5, 2017, 10:06 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayWKRN WATCH Possible new sighting of missing teacher and former student 0 Shares Email Elizabeth Thomas may still be out of sight, but she's not out of mind. A tree was planted Wednesday in a Columbia, Tennessee, park in honor of the 15-year-old, who was allegedly kidnapped three weeks ago by her former teacher, Tad Cummins, 50. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (L-R) Pictured are Tad Cummins, who is on the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation's 'Top 10 Most Wanted' list and Elizabeth Thomas, the subject of a statewide AMBER Alert in Tennessee. So far, there's only been one confirmed sighting of the pair: At a Wal-Mart in Oklahoma City on March 15, two days after they vanished. MEDIA: Here's a quick video clip of Tad Cummins & Elizabeth Thomas entering the Walmart in Oklahoma City on 3/15.https://t.co/tIsI94rT6a— TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 31, 2017 The tree planting ceremony at Riverwalk Park was pegged to Victim's Rights Week, which is sponsored by Tennessee's Department of Corrections and Board of Parole. The ceremony was attended by Elizabeth's family and representatives from the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, reported ABC affiliate WKRN. WKRN A tree planting ceremony on April 5, 2017, in Columbia, Tennessee, honored allegedly kidnapped teen Elizabeth Thomas. Elizabeth's father, Anthony Thomas, told WKRN he has a message for his daughter: "I want to tell her, Elizabeth, that man may be telling you that nobody's looking for you, or he may even be telling you that nobody wants you home. Don't listen to that. Everything he said to all the kids, not just you, has been a lie. He’s nothing but a liar. We all want you home. We all need you home." Thomas also had a message for Cummins: "I would like to just urge Tad Cummins, I know you’re keeping up with all this and you're filtering. You're not letting her see how much people out here love her. You're depriving her of that. It would make better sense for you to turn yourself in to law enforcement. If you turn yourself in, there are laws that will guarantee your general safety." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Tree planted in honor of allegedly kidnapped teen Elizabeth Thomas " US launches military strike on Syrian air base " Netanyahu: Trump 'sent strong message' with Syria strikes " Tillerson: Russia 'complicit' or 'incompetent' with Syria " Timeline of the Syrian civil war and US response " Rep. Devin Nunes steps away from Russia investigation amid ethics complaints " NY, NJ bombing suspect wants trial moved to Vermont " Trump faces major diplomatic test in summit with China's Xi Jinping " American charged after mock IED found at Toronto airport " Kansas firefighters, sergeant rescue injured bald eagle " Girl fighting cancer given American Girl doll with matching prosthetic leg " North Carolina bridesmaids trade bouquets for rescue puppies in wedding photos " Couple throws an epic state-fair-themed wedding complete with Ferris wheel, corn dogs " Hip, hip, hooray! Hippo born at the Memphis Zoo " Mattress flies into path of motorcycle going 50 mph in dramatic video " Firefighters name truck after baby left at station 11 years ago " Doctor works to create cancer-fighting video game in honor of late patient " 8-year-old with heart defect joins youth baseball team " High school junior takes his 93-year-old grandmother to prom " Firefighters honor family that returned lost wallet " Hillary Clinton attends 'War Paint' musical on Broadway " EU's Tusk, Britain's May seek smooth start to Brexit talks " Trump administration backs away from Baltimore police reform " LGBT worker ruling could boost push for Nebraska protections " Bannon calls reports of threat to quit 'absurd,' as insiders say otherwise " Trump counselor Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council role " Senate OKs 'nuclear option,' clears path for high court nomination vote " ANALYSIS: Senate's 'nuclear option' may have lasting consequences " 'Friends' star David Schwimmer and his wife are taking 'time apart' " Mel B's estranged husband Stephen Belafonte denies abuse allegations " Iraqi city still suffering 5 months after IS was run out " School principal resigns after student newspapers' probe into her credentials " 'Duck Dynasty' stars reveal family divide in Trump support " Richard Simmons signs new licensing deal " Parenting hack: How to make homemade slime for kids " Avocado-only restaurant arrives in Brooklyn
HOME Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Tablet Mobile Other Publications The Acorn Camarillo Acorn Moorpark Acorn Simi Valley Acorn Thousand Oaks Acorn Beyond Submission Forms Contact Us Login Browse Archives News Front Page Community Faith Family Health & Wellness Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Sports On the Town Schools Business Real Estate Calendar Sheriff's Blotter Advertising Advertising Information Private Party Order Rentals Order Service Directory E-mail Us 2017-04-06 / Columns Tweet Print Dear Mr. or Ms. Easter Bunny Hot Flashes Elizabeth Kirby So, are you the chosen one? I’m just wondering. If you auditioned out here in Rabbit Valley, you had some stiff competition. I mean, after all, our army of seasoned bunnies with chain-saw teeth, able to destroy lawns faster than Cal American Water, don’t dress for work. Not like you do, carrying a basket with pink satin ribbons or wearing a vest embroidered with petunias. At least, I haven’t ever seen one like that gnawing on my marigolds. Seems you outdid yourself in the audition. What do you do in the off-season? Mascot perhaps? Walmart greeter? In anticipation of your arrival, Mr. Fixit (the husband) and I have already downed a few thousand jelly beans and dozens of those crunchy chocolate eggs. What does it feel like, Mr. Bunny, to know that your customers are getting a little round around the edges, soon to be anchored like the USS Bismarck into our easy chairs? We certainly won’t be hopping down any old bunny trail. Turns out, even the frequently pregnant daughter who lives on carrot juice and chardonnay, has also polished off a few dozen bags of peanut butter eggs. Your holiday confections show no mercy. Mr. Bunny, here’s my concern: This is a tough time for us humans, and your pre-Easter temptations are not helping. I mean nobody agrees on anything anymore, and Mr. Fixit thinks kale should be landfill. I thought you rabbits were about carrots? Adding insult to injury, it’s baseball season, which means a steady diet of soft pretzels at Fiore field, followed by hot dogs at Dover-Hendrix, and don’t forget the chili dog with jalapeños after a trek to Oxnard-El Rio. Due to my three rotten grandkids, now all in the game, I’ve become a Little League ball-field cuisine aficionado. And I’ve got the beef-jerky skin to prove it. If you wanna know which field never runs out of Cheetos, you’re in the right place. “We understand plump,” Mr. Fixit announces as he’s dicing his havarti to go with pretzel chips and olives as pregame warmup for the madness of March. “We?” I ask as I sneak the last piece of banana walnut bread out of the fridge and devour it before he busts me, trying to scoop the last bits of goo out of my receding gums before I say anything. I guess he’s noticed I’m beginning to resemble Miss Piggy. Seems the 20 pounds I lost found me again. And again. “I guess you’re getting ready for the Easter Bunny,” I tell my roommate as I spy a new bag of Easter egg peanut M&M’s, purchased by Mr. Fixit. “Yes,” he admits, “but I get that one confused with the Playboy Bunny.” “Oh really?” “Yes,” he continues. “It always happens this time of year. Must be those little white tails.” Mr. Bunny, here’s my concern: This is a tough time for us humans, and your pre-Easter temptations are not helping He thinks he’s hilarious. So, Mr. Bunny, or is it Ms.? Anyway, Madame Easter Bunny, thanks to you, my goofy husband and your Easter treats, I can only muse about when I used to remotely resemble the Playboy version of your species. Next year, only carrots and kale. Please. But can you make them taste like those crunchy little chocolate eggs? Thanks. Elizabeth Kirby has been around a long time—a resident of Thousand Oaks since 1983, whose glass is usually half full if she can find it. Reach her at kirby@theacorn.com or kirby.hanson@verizon.net. To read all her columns, check out her Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/#!/elizabethkirbyandhotflashes. Return to top Copyright © 2000-2017 J.Bee NP Publishing, Ltd., All Rights Reserved. Newspaper web site content management software and services
Home About Contact Us Comments Posts News All News Deployed Forces Footsteps in Faith Alerts Police Call Community All Community Education Fitness Columns Health Calendar Online Exclusives Full Issues Alerts Contributors Editorial Policy Subscribe Photos Videos You are here: Home » Calendar » MWR Briefs MWR Briefs haw | April 5, 2017 | 0 Comments Share Share on Facebook Share Share on TwitterTweet Share on Google Plus Share Share on Pinterest Share Send email Mail 7 / Friday ACT Test — Register for ACT Test through May 6 deadline. Photo Contest — Celebrate Month of the Military Child and National Library week at FS Library. Take a picture of your pet reading, and you may win a prize. Send your photo to the library either via email at ftlibrary@yahoo.com, or by bringing in a hard copy. All photos must be submitted by April 7. Pictures will be displayed April 10-24. SOS Friday Fitness with Friends – Survivor Outreach Services activities include yoga, group walks and other opportunities. Location will be based on the activity. Everyone will meet at the SB SOS Center. Call 655-4227. Resume Workshop — Learn how to create a resume for the first time or update your resume for the private sector from 10 a.m-2 p.m. at SB ACS. Choose the best format to demonstrate your experience and skills. Target your resume to the job you are seeking and effectively summarize your accomplishments. To register, call 655-4227. FRG Leader Training — SB Nehelani hosts from 10 a.m.–noon. Learn about the Soldier/FRG and how to effectively run the organization, as well as challenges FRGs face. Call 655-4227. Command Scramble — Shotgun (noon) start at Leilehua Golf Course, $50, includes 18-hole green fee, cart fee, free driving range balls, door prizes, flight prizes, pupus and two mulligans per player. Call 655-4653. Fish Friday — Held at FS Hale Ikea for $17.95 from 11 a.m.-2 p.m. Featurs shrimp, two kinds of fish, calamari, hush puppies and crab. Call 438-1974. Paint and Sip at Tropics —Paint a picture on canvas at SB Tropics from 7-9 p.m. while sipping your beverage of choice for $35. Class includes all painting supplies and instruction. Preregistration is required. Call 655-5698. BOSS Trip Kawaii-Kon — Join BOSS, April 7-9, for Hawaii’s largest Anime Convention. Gathering at Ala Moana Convention Center. Register at Tropics or call Sgt. Wery at 352-223-6370. 8 / Saturday Intro to Surfing — Join SB Outdoor Recreation for $59 per person from 8:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. for introduction to surfing. Transportation, equipment and instruction are provided. All you need to bring is water, snacks and sunscreen. Must be a proficient swimmer and able to tread water for at least 6 minutes and swim 200 yards. Call 655-0143. Toon Time Matinee — For caregivers and their children, ages 0-3 (older siblings welcome). Join us for a free movie, fun and social interaction at SB ACS from 10-12 p.m. Call 655-4227. Swimming Lessons — Registration held at SB Richardson Pool, April 8-9, from 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Classes run weekdays, April 10-21 (no classes on Tuesday). Class times range from 3-5 p.m., $60 for 30-minute lessons for Parent & Tot, Level 1, Level 2; $70 for 45-minute lessons for Level 3, Level 4. Call 655-9698. Movie Talk — Meet and discuss movies themed on a particular topic each month at SB Sgt. Yano Library at 11:30 a.m. and 2:30 p.m. For teens and adults. Call 655-8007. BOSS Life Skills: Lifeguard Certification — Held at SB Richardson Pool. Register at Tropics Recreation Center or call Sgt. Wery at 352-223-6370. 9 / Sunday National Library Week Shelfie Contest — Celebrate libraries for National Library Week at Sgt. Yano Library by taking a “shelfie.” Take a picture of yourself with a shelf of books and post it to Instagram using the hashtag “#AHLShelfie2017. To qualify, entries must be received within the week of April 9-15. The winner will receive a gift card to Walmart. Call 655-8002. 10 / Monday Stress Solutions — Identify the causes of stress as well as how it affects our lives, noon-1 p.m., SB ACS. Share techniques such as positive self-talk and how to not take things personally, as well as a variety of relaxation techniques. Call 655-4227. Million Dollar Soldier Refresher — Soldiers receive valuable financial tools at SB ACS from 8:30-11:30 a.m. and 1-4 p.m. Topics include saving, credit, investing and big purchases. Call 655-4227 to register. PPP-S Federal Applications for Military Spouses — Priority Placement Program S for Military Spouses seeking civil service DoD Careers at SB ACS, 10-11 a.m. Learn the do’s and the don’ts about PPP-S, including step-by-step instructions on preparing your package. Call 655-4227. 11 / Tuesday AFTB Level K: “Military Knowledge” — Two-day class at SB NCO Academy, 9 a.m.–1 p.m. Focuses on knowledge of military & Army programs, Army acronyms, community resources, and personal & family preparedness. Call 655-4227. 10 Steps to a Federal Job — Walk through the steps to create an effective targeted federal resume and successfully manage the application process at SB ACS from 9 a.m.–noon. Call 655-4227. 12 / Wednesday BOSS Life Skills — Single Parent Solution and Support held at SB ACS from 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. Register at Tropics or call Sgt. Wery at 352-223-6370. Play Mornings at ACS — Meet other moms and dads, share information and parenting tips, and give your infant/toddler a chance to interact with other children at SB ACS from 10-11 a.m. Call 655-4227. 13 / Thursday Block Party at the Studio — We’re having a block party for at SB Library for children 1½-5 years old from 11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. and for school-aged children from 3-4 p.m. Children will have the opportunity to use their imagination to create with Lego and wooden blocks. Limited to 15 children. Preregistration required. Call 655-8002. FRG Foundations Training — Prerequisite course held at SB Nehelani, 10 a.m.-noon, for commanders, FRG leaders, family readiness liaisons and FRG volunteers. Learn the Family Readiness System and operations. Call 655-4227. Scream Free Parenting — Four-week program held at SB ACS from noon-1:30 p.m. trains parents of children ages 5-15 to take a look at their parenting practices and identify ways to strengthen their parenting skills and create healthy relationships. Call 655-4227. Basics of Budgeting — Learn to develop a budget, track expenses and create a system to save and pay your bills on time in this course held at SB ACS from 10-11:30 p.m. Please bring a copy of your Leave and Earnings Statement (LES) and a list of bills. 14 / Friday EFMP Annual Easter Egg Hunt — Held at SB Outdoor Recreation Center from 10 a.m.-noon. Enjoy pictures with the Easter Bunny, fun crafts and more. Call 655-4227. Strong B.A.N.D.S Kickball & Dodgeball Deadline — Register to participate at any Army PFC. Tournament runs May 1-12. Call 655-9914. Family Child Care New Applicant Brief — Interested in running your own child care business? Come to the new applicant brief from 9-11 a.m. at the SB FCC Office, 730 Leilehua Ave., Bldg. 645. Call 655-8373. Parenting 101 — Take your parenting to the next level. Discover current “best practices” and learn tips and tools to assist you in reaching your parenting goals at the SB ACS from noon-1 p.m. Call 655-4227 to register. 15 / Saturday Stand Up Paddle Boarding 101 — Cruise the Anahulu River on the North Shore of Oahu with SB Outdoor Recreation from 8:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. for $59 per person. Transportation (up to 12 people), equipment and instruction is provided. Bring water, snacks and sunscreen. Call 655-0143. Daddy Boot Camp — Class for first-time/expecting fathers at SB ACS from 9 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Dads can ask questions and learn practical skills for taking care of mom and baby. Call 655-4227. FunFest, Earth Day and LTS Travel Fair — Fun event for the entire family held on SB Weyand Field from 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Activities include Easter egg hunts, Month of the Military Child Obstacle Course, games, rides, pictures with the Easter bunny, environmental educational activities, travel information, food booths and much more. Visit the Leisure Travel Service (LTS) tent to receive information on Hawaii tourist attractions and enter to win a $500 gift card grand prize giveaway. Call 655-0113. 16 / Sunday Your Credit Report and Score — Know where you stand before making a big purchase at this course held at SB ACS from 10-11:30 a.m. Bring one copy of your credit report from annualcreditreport.com. Call 655-4227. Easter Brunch Buffet — Held at SB Nehelani featuring breakfast favorites starting at 10 a.m. for $34.95 (adults), $18 for children (6-10) and $12 for children (3-5). Choose from herb-roasted beef, whole grain mustard honey pork loin, a build your own omelet station and an array of desserts. Reservations encouraged. Call 655-4466. Easter Brunch Buffet — Enjoy a special Easter menu at FS Hale Ikena from 10 a.m.-1 p.m. for $39.95 per person for adults and $18.95 for children (3-10). Features coconut crusted crab, baked ham, garlic peppercorn prime rib, lamb glazed with honey rosemary dijon and apple mint jelly, and build your own omelet station. Also features delectable desserts like chocolate-dipped strawberries, pineapple cheesecake, chocolate tote, sweet potato haupia pie and much more. Reservations recommended. Call 438-1974. BOSS Trip — Kaneohe Sandbar Bay excursion departs at 12:30 p.m. for $15 per person. Register at Tropics or call Sgt. Wery at 352-223-6370. 17 / Monday Million Dollar Soldier Refresher — This training provides Soldiers with valuable financial tools at SB ACS from 8:30-11:30 a.m. and 1-4 p.m. Topics include saving, credit, investing and big purchases. Call 655-4227 to register. 18 / Tuesday FRG Key Contact Training — Designed to provide training in key contact duties, communicating with family members, dispelling rumors, handling crisis calls and more. It also shows key contacts how they fit into a successful FRG from 5-7 p.m. at SB ACS. Call 655-4227. Anger & Conflict Solutions — Prevention program for individuals to learn the basics of anger awareness from noon-1 p.m. at SB ACS. This class will help participants identify their own personal anger cues and ways to de-escalate conflict situations. Share Share on Facebook Share Share on TwitterTweet Share on Google Plus Share Share on Pinterest Share Send email Mail Tags: Calendar, FMWR Category: Calendar Related posts: MWR Briefs MWR Briefs MWR Briefs MWR Briefs MWR Briefs Subscribe If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to receive more just like it. Privacy guaranteed. We never share your info. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website « Changes coming to Family & MWR programs Congress probes military pilot shortage » Subscribe Enter your email address below to receive updates each time we publish new content. Privacy guaranteed. We never share your info. Recent Photos Flickr is currently unavailable. Recent News Videos Army helicopters do heavy-lifting for endangered snails Wahiawa Neighborhood Board, Feb. 28 Military Appreciation Month MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay Month of the Military Child Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 Looking for Older Content? You can find articles and content prior to Feb. 19, 2010 on the HAW's old website.You can also download full issues prior to 2009. The Tropic Lightning Museum may be able to help if you’re looking for older or missing content after 1955. Requests to view these issues will require an appointment. Recent Articles 2IBCT snipers get joint training with HPD Army looks to $200 million in bonuses to attract more recruits Soldiers take FST in preparation for Pacific exercises, missions Proposed Expert Action Badge to honor, motivate Soldiers Can you do better with safety videos? Artillery restoration project made possible by volunteers M.O.R.E. ration should, hopefully, always be better Congress probes military pilot shortage MWR Briefs Hawaii Army Weekly Home About Contact Us U.S. Army Garrison-Hawaii Honolulu Star-Advertiser © 2017 Hawaii Army Weekly. All rights reserved. Theme by Solostream.
GoSearch KPLR11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us kplr11.com Menu News Pulse of St. Louis Interviews Links Watch the CW Contests Weather 47° 47° Low 43° High 57° Fri 39° 60° Sat 57° 74° Sun 63° 81° See complete forecast Severe weather alert New warehouse tenants bring hundreds of jobs to Hazelwood Posted 9:43 pm, April 5, 2017, by Ayesha Khan Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video HAZELWOOD, MO (KPLR) – The City of Hazelwood makes a deal with two new companies that could give a big economic boost to the city. There was some speculation that it was going to be Amazon moving into the Hazelwood Logistics Center but at Wednesday night's council meeting the city heard from Massachusetts based company called Quiet Logistics and London based Bunzl Distribution Midcentral Inc, which is a grocery supplier. Quiet Logistics is a third-party distribution company that will work with companies like Macy's, Amazon and Walmart bringing with it more than 200 jobs to the area. The center which is on Lindbergh Boulevard has one building fully leased, two more that will be finished this summer, plus two more buildings that should be done and leased by end of year, with a total of 1,200 jobs. Brian Lemerise with Quiet Logistics said that adding their company to Hazelwood made sense because the city understands the importance of economic development. "City of Hazelwood understands what it means to recruit great businesses and partner with businesses," said Lemerise, "...and they have picked a great business in Quiet Logistics that's going to invest in their communities, there are a lot of great smart people that understand the importance of economic development and understand the services their community needs and jobs are a big part of that as well as finding businesses that are going to invest in the communities they are moving into." Quiet Logistics plans to move in as early as May and Bunzl is slated to move in at the end of the year. 38.771440 -90.370949 Related stories Hazelwood ready to announce new businesses coming to city Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email STL Moms! A place for St. Louis moms to chat share and save. Popular Pepsi pulls controversial Kendall Jenner ad Mom calls 911 saying she cut her kids’ throats, then her own wrists Police: Woman found wet and nearly naked, claiming to be a mermaid Couple killed in boiler explosion was married just last month Latest News New signs direct visitors to key locations in Clayton Parents upset after wandering kindergartner picked up by stranger Making MetroLink riders ‘feel’ safe Community rallying behind victims of Soulard boiler explosion News Hazelwood ready to announce new businesses coming to city News Kellogg Co. to close Earth City distributor News JCPenney to close up to 140 stores News Delta Queen could return to St. Louis region in 2018 News Microsoft moving regional headquarters to Cortex campus News Blues management, city leaders propose funding plan for Scottrade Center renovations News Read Gov. Rauner’s State of the State Address News Man charged for murder in Clayton-Tamm neighborhood News Leaders to discuss funding for Scottrade Center renovations News Amazon, Expedia back lawsuit opposing Trump travel ban News MLS stadium and Scottrade renovation bills pass Ways and Means committee, Friday vote next News GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. plants, add or retain 1,000 jobs News Rev. Rice vows to continue helping the homeless Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • • Copyright © 2017, KPLR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Alert: U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria over chemical weapons attack News Breaking News Man charged with killing diaper thief fired gun nine times, affidavit says Man who shot suspected diaper-thief makes first court appearance Lonnie Leonard made his first court appearance on Thursday, April 6, 2017, to face manslaughter charges after shooting a suspected diaper-thief outside Wal-Mart. Lonnie Leonard made his first court appearance on Thursday, April 6, 2017, to face manslaughter charges after shooting a suspected diaper-thief outside Wal-Mart. Christal Hayes and David HarrisContact ReportersOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy The man charged with killing a diaper thief fired his gun nine times, hitting the thief in the back while he was trying to get away, Orange County deputies said in an affidavit. Lonnie Leonard, 51, is accused of shooting 19-year-old Arthur Adams, who deputies say was stealing two cartloads of items that included diapers at Wal-Mart in February. Leonard, of Apopka, is also facing charges of aggravated battery with a firearm and carrying a concealed firearm. Deputies concluded that Leonard fired his weapon with “no regard for the life and property of others.” He told deputies he was in the store buying food when he heard yelling and saw two shoplifters run out of the store. Armed with a 9 mm Winchester Luger, Leonard said he ran after them, the arrest report states. When he caught up to them, he told them to stop several times. The shoplifters were entering the vehicle and were “posturing and reaching in their waistband and under the car seats,” the affidavit says. “Leonard advised he feared for his life when he observed them reaching for something, so he drew his handgun from his jacket and fired several shots at them,” the affidavit said. Leonard said he never saw any gun, according to the report. No guns were ever found. Adams was hit twice, including in the back, according to deputies. A Wal-Mart employee also ran after them in hopes of taking a photo of the license plate with his cell phone. He was feet from the car when he heard Leonard shouting commands. The employee took a few steps back when he heard Leonard fire several shots into the car while the suspects were inside. "[He] did not hear the shoplifters say anything and from his perspective, did not see them reach for anything,” the report said. Deputies recovered nine shell casings. Adams and the two others drove away in a stolen vehicle, which was carjacked in January but crashed a short time later, deputies said. Adams was found at a nearby gas station. He was taken to the hospital, where he later died. When detectives pressed Leonard on why he felt he was in fear when the suspects were running away from the store, he “could not provide an answer. He then requested a lawyer. Deputies had been investigating the controversial shooting for two months and had not released Leonard’s name until now. The shooting happened Feb. 4 after Adams and two others walked out of the Clarcona Ocoee Road store in Pine Hills with the unpaid merchandise, according to the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Authorities said the two others got away on foot. Adams was a fugitive on felony probation, records show. He was also a gang member who was planning to sell the diapers, Sheriff’s Office Capt. Angelo Nieves said. Leonard is at the Orange County Jail on a $100,500 bond and was appointed a public defender. He does not have a previous criminal record in Florida. dharris@orlandosentinel.com   Lonnie Leonard Lonnie Leonard Caption Woman accused of choking girl for blocking view at Disney fireworks show A Michigan woman was arrested and accused of choking a high school girl during a fireworks display at Disney’s Magic Kingdom after the teenager and her friends wouldn’t sit down and blocked her view. A Michigan woman was arrested and accused of choking a high school girl during a fireworks display at Disney’s Magic Kingdom after the teenager and her friends wouldn’t sit down and blocked her view. Caption Woman accused of choking girl for blocking view at Disney fireworks show A Michigan woman was arrested and accused of choking a high school girl during a fireworks display at Disney’s Magic Kingdom after the teenager and her friends wouldn’t sit down and blocked her view. A Michigan woman was arrested and accused of choking a high school girl during a fireworks display at Disney’s Magic Kingdom after the teenager and her friends wouldn’t sit down and blocked her view. Caption Man who shot suspected diaper-thief makes first court appearance Lonnie Leonard made his first court appearance on Thursday, April 6, 2017, to face manslaughter charges after shooting a suspected diaper-thief outside Wal-Mart. Lonnie Leonard made his first court appearance on Thursday, April 6, 2017, to face manslaughter charges after shooting a suspected diaper-thief outside Wal-Mart. Caption Body cam footage reveals altercation ahead of Sanford shooting Sanford police on Friday released body cam footage of officers’ interactions with Allen Cashe and Latina Herring at a Wawa. Cashe accused Herring of taking his car keys. Sanford police determined it was a civil matter and left. A few hours later Cashe returned to the home with an AK-47 where he shot to death Herring, her 8-year-old son and four others. Sanford police on Friday released body cam footage of officers’ interactions with Allen Cashe and Latina Herring at a Wawa. Cashe accused Herring of taking his car keys. Sanford police determined it was a civil matter and left. A few hours later Cashe returned to the home with an AK-47 where he shot to death Herring, her 8-year-old son and four others. Caption New details emerge in Markeith Loyd's motive in killing ex-girlfriend New documents give insight into Markeith Loyd's motive behind killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. New documents give insight into Markeith Loyd's motive behind killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Caption Pulse gunman's wife will return to Orlando to face charges Salman is facing charges of obstruction of justice and aiding and abetting her husband and will come back to Orlando to face federal charges. Salman is facing charges of obstruction of justice and aiding and abetting her husband and will come back to Orlando to face federal charges. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 62°
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in 911 briefs (April 6, 2017) Wednesday Apr 5, 2017 at 6:18 PM Apr 5, 2017 at 6:18 PM The Record Shoplifter’s accomplice threatened to stab security officers LODI — Lodi police officers responded to a shoplifting at the Target store at 2355 W. Kettleman Lane at about 9:49 p.m. Monday. Police said a woman attempted to leave the store with nearly $250 worth of clothing. When store security officers tried to escort her back inside, she struggled with them, and an unknown man confronted them, claimed he had a knife and threatened to stab them if they did not let the woman go. The pair fled in a gray or gold early 2000s Honda Civic with the spare tire on the right side of the car, police said. They were last seen driving eastbound on Kettleman Lane. The woman is described as white, standing 5 feet, 7 inches tall, weighing 130 pounds with brown hair, wearing a black tank top and denim shorts. The man was described as white, standing 5 feet, 6 inches tall, weighing about 140 pounds, wearing a black baseball cap, a black hooded sweater with the hood over his head, a black vest and tan pants, police said. The pair have committed several thefts at Target and Walmart, police said. A security agent told police he believed the pair live at a Cherokee Lane motel and have two young children. Man robbed in car at knifepoint STOCKTON — A man was robbed in the 6200 block of Pacific Avenue at 6 p.m. Tuesday. He told officers he was parked in the parking lot when someone opened the door to his car, put a knife to his throat and demanded money. The victim complied, and the robber fled on foot. He was described as a heavyset black man in his 20s, standing 6 foot, 2 inches tall, wearing a gray shirt and sweat pants with black symbols on them, police said. Business robbed; phone line cut STOCKTON — A business in the 1500 block of East March Lane was robbed at 8:44 p.m. Tuesday. Police said two men entered a business, brandished a gun and demanded one of the clerks open the register. One of the suspects cut the phone lines while the other took the merchandise, police said. The first suspect was described as an Asian or Hispanic male, about 19 years old, standing 5 feet, 5 inches tall, weighing 180 pounds, wearing dark jeans and a black hooded sweatshirt. The second suspect was described as an 18-year-old male standing 5 feet, 5 inches tall. Passenger shoots, misses car STOCKTON — A man driving south on Vernaccia Lane near Chianti Drive told police someone in the car ahead of him shot at him at 10 p.m. Tuesday. The victim said the passenger in the rear driver’s side of the car ahead of him stuck a handgun out the window and fired four shots, police said. Neither the victim or his car were struck, police said. The suspect vehicle was described as a gray 2012 four-door Honda Civic with tinted windows. It was last seen headed south on Vernaccia Lane. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Economy Reforms in food retail: Narendra Modi government mulls easy FDI rules; kitchenware, beauty products on table Reforms in food retail: Narendra Modi government mulls easy FDI rules; kitchenware, beauty products on table The government is weighing further relaxing foreign direct investment (FDI) rules in the retailing of food products to make it even easier for top foreign retailers to invest in India, official sources told FE. By: Banikinkar Pattanayak | New Delhi | Published: April 6, 2017 6:20 AM The shortfall in production led to calls by refiners and traders for scrapping or trimming the 40% import duty on sugar (both raw and white).(PTI) The government is weighing further relaxing foreign direct investment (FDI) rules in the retailing of food products to make it even easier for top foreign retailers to invest in India, official sources told FE. The move comes after several global retailers such as Walmart, Tesco, Metro Cash and Carry and Auchan Group conveyed to the government their willingness to set up shop here provided the rules are relaxed to add more items to the shelves, said a senior government official. Even a Brazilian retailer is learnt to be exploring opportunities to invest in India with a local partner. Although these retailers haven’t submitted details of investments that they may make in India, the food processing ministry believes potential investments could be as much as $5-10 billion if rules are suitably relaxed. So, after initial reluctance, the government is discussing the possibility of adding some related items such as kitchenware and even beauty products to the list of food products for retailing to boost footfall at supermarkets, said another official. “Discussions on allowing more items have started. But no decision has been taken on this matter so far,” he added. In June last year, the government notified that 100% FDI will be permitted (with government approval) in trading — including through e-commerce — of food products produced or manufactured in India to boost the realisations for farmers. Critics, however, pointed out that no supermarket would attract massive footfalls and be profitable with just food items on its shelves. Also Watch: The ex-factory price of domestic white sugar currently stands at around Rs 35-36 per kg. Sugar production has been hit hard by dry spells in Maharashtra and Karnataka, although Uttar Pradesh witnessed bumper production in 2016-17. “The decision to allow limited duty-free imports is aimed at keeping domestic supplies steady in case consumption picks up and also to have adequate stocks by the end of this season so that there is no scarcity before the new sugar comes in. However, as of now, we don’t have any real shortage of sugar due to massive carry-forward stocks from 2015-16,” said a senior government official. While the food ministry has projected production to drop to 22.5 million tonnes for the current marketing year through September, down from the official estimate of 25.1 million tonnes in 2015-16, the Indian Sugar Mills Association has pegged output at just 20.3 million tonnes for 2016-17. The shortfall in production led to calls by refiners and traders for scrapping or trimming the 40% import duty on sugar (both raw and white). Millers, however, have been maintaining that although production will take a hit, plentiful carry-forward stocks from 2015-16 will more than offset the shortfall and there is no need to scrap the import duty. “Considering the opening balance of 77.5 lakh tonnes (which has been reported by all sugar mills to the government) and considering an estimated sugar production of 203 lakh tonnes in the current season and consumption of 238-240 lakh tonnes, the closing balance in the current season would be 40-42 lakh tonnes. This balance will be enough to meet the domestic requirement till almost end of November 2017,” ISMA had said last month. To tide over a massive local shortage in 2008-09, the government had allowed import of raw sugar at zero duty under OGL from April 17, 2009, through June 2012. Thereafter, a moderate duty of 10% was imposed in July 2012, which was increased to 15% in July 2013 and subsequently to 25% in August 2014. The import duty was raised further to 40% in April 2015. Thereafter, there had been hardly any import of sugar under OGL. However, imports of raw sugar under the advance authorisation scheme (for subsequent exports) have been continuing at zero duty. The government seems to be adopting a cautious approach on making adequate sugar available to consumers, after its recent experience in wheat. In December last year, the government was forced to scrap a 10% import duty on wheat after retail prices of the grain rose sharply due to lower-than-expected production, with analysts casting doubts over the agriculture ministry’s bumper output estimates. The import duty on wheat was as high as 25% in September 2016. However, in anticipation of a bumper harvest this year, the government again imposed a 10% duty on wheat imports last month. No Comments. Trending Now Air India cancels Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad booking yet again Apple's Clips app now available on app store for free Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu supports strong message sent by US President Donald Trump on Syria missile strike Odisha Chit Fund scam: Artha Tatwa chief Pradeep Sethy pleads guilty; gets 7-year jail Ravindra Gaikwad poses threat to flight safety: Air India cabin staff After Mulayam Singh Yadav, Akhilesh Yadav holds party feud reason behind defeat Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Act: From Cairn India to Fortis Healthcare, HR heads call it a catalyst for gender balance Syrian opposition SNC welcomes US strike on airbase 'Mukhya Mantri Yojna' to replace 'Samajwadi' in all government schemes, orders Yogi Adityanath government, Sidharth Nath Singh tweets Chhattisgrah: BSF sets up new posts to thwart Naxal bid to disrupt road work World sees record investments in renewables, says report Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News अलवर मामला: सुप्रीम कोर्ट ने राजस्थान सरकार से मांगा जवाब, दिया तीन हफ्ते का वक्त जम्मू-कश्मीर के बटालिक सेक्टर में एवलांच में फंसे सैनिक, तीन जवानों की मौत रासायनिक हमले के खिलाफ सीरिया पर 60 मिसाइलें दागने के बाद अमेरिका ने कहा- रूस को हमले से पहले ही बता दिया था Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Calgary Sun Friday April 7 2017 Home News In News Alberta Calgary Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Golf Tips Spruce Meadows Snow Scene myFlames Hitmen Roughnecks Stampeders Hockey Football Baseball Soccer Curling Golf Tennis Motorsports Mixed Martial Arts Lacrosse Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Dine Out Fashion Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Mike Drew Adventures with Renato Snow Scene Sunshine Girl Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Auto Show As Advertised Snow Scene New Homes & Condos Weather Golf E-edition Contests Newsstand Lottery results Subscribe Manage my account Must Reads Alberta Calgary Canada World Weird Archives News Calgary Calgary Co-op caught up in 'cage-free' controversy — again By Amanda Stephenson First posted: Wednesday, April 05, 2017 04:24 PM MDT | Updated: Thursday, April 06, 2017 08:11 AM MDT Co-op sign. File photo Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error Calgary Co-op is once again facing calls from its members to change how it sources its eggs and pork, a symptom of a North America-wide tidal wave of consumer pressure that has been forcing both retailers and farmers to adopt new animal welfare standards. At Thursday's AGM, Calgary Co-op member Clint Robertson will put forward a resolution calling for the grocery chain to "respect and honour" a 2013 vote by members which called for an end to the sale of eggs and pork produced using intensive confinement cages, such as battery cages and gestation stalls, by 2018. Robertson said he is bringing the issue back because he is frustrated that Co-op management has not done more to achieve the five-year time frame stipulated in the original non-binding vote. Though Calgary Co-op offers a larger selection of free-range eggs than it did in 2013 — as well as a new line of pork raised without the use of antibiotics or added hormones — the retailer has decided that a full phase-out of inexpensive products raised using conventional cages is unfeasible. "When this resolution was brought forward, the economic times we are currently experiencing were not contemplated," said Calgary Co-op spokesperson Karen Allan in an email. "While it is noble in the long run to phase out eggs and pork that do not meet the terms of the resolution, this is now less economically viable for the average Co-op member." Robertson acknowledged that moving to a cage-free supply chain would mean increased prices for customers, but said he believes Co-op members are willing to pay more to save "hundreds of thousands" of animals from being tightly confined in cages and crates. He said he is calling on Calgary Co-op to hold itself to a higher standard. "Co-op is never going to be the price leader, it's never going to be Costco or compete with WalMart," Robertson said. "So maybe they should think of a different business model, where they are the socially responsible retailer." In recent years, the agriculture industry has been under growing pressure from retailers and fast-food outlets who say their customers are increasingly demanding "ethically sourced" food. Grocery chains such as Loblaw, Sobeys, and Walmart have all stated their goal is to transition to cage-free eggs or pork by the end of 2025, while McDonald's, Starbucks, Tim Hortons, A&W, and Subway have made similar commitments. For its part, the agriculture industry is moving to meet changing consumer demand. Last month, egg farmers together with the National Farm Animal Care Council released an updated code of practice for the care of laying hens and pullets. The new code mandates the phasing out of at least 85 per cent of conventional cages within 15 years, although it gives farmers the option to replace them with "enriched" systems — cages with extra features such as perches and scratch pads — instead of moving to a fully free-run or free-range system. A new national code of practice for the care and handling of pigs was released by the pork industry in 2014. It calls for the phase out by 2024 of narrow gestation stalls that do not allow sows to lie down or turn around — replacing them instead with group housing, individual open pens, or stalls that allow for greater movement. Susan Schefer, chair of Egg Farmers of Alberta, said there are pros and cons to every animal housing method and said Calgary Co-op deserves credit for consulting with the agriculture industry before making any drastic moves. "I think quite frankly in some cases there are major corporations that are bowing to pressure from activist groups," Schefer said. "That's why I think Calgary Co-op has done such a good job — they've not just made a unilateral decision, they've really done the work to investigate what's out there." She added that 21 per cent of eggs produced in Alberta now come from hens housed in an alternative to conventional battery cages — either free-range, free-run, or the more modern "enriched" cage systems. But she said consumers need to understand that while farmers do care about animal welfare, they also have the responsibility to feed a hungry world as affordably as possible. "The fact is, we're not going to be able to feed people with 20 birds in our backyards," Schefer said. "Large-scale animal agriculture is still going to exist, because we have a growing population."   astephenson@postmedia.com Twitter.com/AmandaMsteph   As Advertised in the Calgary SUN Calgary Co-op caught up in 'cage-free' controversy — again By Amanda Stephenson First posted: Wednesday, April 05, 2017 04:24 PM MDT | Updated: Thursday, April 06, 2017 08:11 AM MDT Calgary Co-op is once again facing calls from its members to change how it sources its eggs and pork, a symptom of a North America-wide tidal wave of consumer pressure that has been forcing both retailers and farmers to adopt new animal welfare standards. At Thursday's AGM, Calgary Co-op member Clint Robertson will put forward a resolution calling for the grocery chain to "respect and honour" a 2013 vote by members which called for an end to the sale of eggs and pork produced using intensive confinement cages, such as battery cages and gestation stalls, by 2018. Robertson said he is bringing the issue back because he is frustrated that Co-op management has not done more to achieve the five-year time frame stipulated in the original non-binding vote. Though Calgary Co-op offers a larger selection of free-range eggs than it did in 2013 — as well as a new line of pork raised without the use of antibiotics or added hormones — the retailer has decided that a full phase-out of Top stories Popular Latest Videos Extras get the job done for Flames in win against Kings Mass killer de Grood tells the families of his five victims he's 'sorry' Syrian base blasted by U.S. cruise missiles Welfare rolls climb fast and high, Notley NDP government says life will get better Calgarian with links to 'jihadi cluster' held in Algerian jail on terrorism charges Extras get the job done for Flames in win against Kings Mixed reaction as U.S. responds in force to chemical attack in Syria Morales grand slam leads Blue Jays to first win of season Ducks GM upset with Giordano hit on Cam Fowler Syrian base blasted by U.S. cruise missiles 'They were better than us:' Flames boss says after loss to Ducks Flames coach wants improvement despite win over Avs Teacher charged with sex offences Sunshine Girl Karen Former boxing heavyweight supports anti-bullying campaign More from Calgary Mixed reaction as U.S. responds in force to chemical attack in Syria Two injured in collision involving stolen vehicle, police say Mass killer de Grood tells the families of his five victims he's 'sorry' Woodlands School unveils their Canada 150 Mosaic Calgary Zoo's annual Easter Eggstravaganza adds local twist Inside Calgary sun.com News Syrian-Calgarian reacts to U.S. airstrike News Syrian base blasted by U.S. missiles Entertainment Election postpones Spears concert in Israel Sports Tebow Time: Tim homers in first at-bat Entertainment Troyer being treated for alcohol addiction Sports Sobotka returns to Blues News WATCH: Why did the turkey cross the road? News Two injured in collision involving stolen car News de Grood tells families of his victims he's sorry News Infant's nursery doubled as cocaine lab News Woodlands School unveils their Canada 150 Mosaic News Alberta told to improve gender diversity Home Mobile version News Alberta Calgary Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Golf Tips Spruce Meadows Snow Scene myFlames Hitmen Roughnecks Stampeders Hockey Football Baseball Soccer Curling Golf Tennis Motorsports MMA Lacrosse Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Dine Out Fashion Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Mike Drew Adventures with Renato Snow Scene Sunshine Girl Auto Show Flyers This week As Advertised Snow Scene New Homes & Condos Weather Golf E-edition Contests Newsstand Lottery results Subscribe Manage my account Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Calgary Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Edmonton Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 54° Few Clouds Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low 44F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 6, 2017 @ 11:15 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Tehachapi City Manager Greg Garrett talks up his city at the Greater Tehachapi Economic Development Council meeting April 5. City manager: Visitors to Tehachapi 'like what they see' BY JILL BARNES NELSON jbnelson@tehachapinews.com jbnelson Apr 6, 2017 Updated 4 hrs ago Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Tehachapi City Manager Greg Garrett talks up his city at the Greater Tehachapi Economic Development Council meeting April 5. Lots of people want to visit and live in Tehachapi. That was the assessment given by City Manager Greg Garrett at the April 5 meeting of the Greater Tehachapi Economic Development Council. “There is a lot more to Tehachapi than just our great events,” Garrett said. “But once many of these visitors come to our events, they often want to stay.” He said a study done by the Kern County Board of Trade delved into just who makes up the population of Tehachapi. “The average age is 41, about 10 years older than the rest of Kern County, and the average income is $83,000,” Garrett said. “We have a very diverse economy.” Health care is a big issue for residents because of the older demographics, but Garrett said the city is “blessed” to have companies such as Kaiser Permanente and Adventist Health in the community. “Kaiser has increased its presence and Adventist Health teamed with the Tehachapi Valley Healthcare District to help complete our new $100 million hospital scheduled to open in the fall,” he said. “Both also do a lot of other things for the community.” He noted the housing market is strong with 73 percent occupancy for home sales and an average home price of $260,000. Homes average 85 days on the market. “Home sales are up almost 13 percent,” he said. “We have three new home builders coming into town, but we could use more. We want more people to join our club to live here.” In addition, Tehachapi has a growing retail scene with the incoming Walmart and existing Pilot Travel Center, and it's ripe for other development, Garrett said. Studies show the economic impact from visitors also has increased from $86 million in 2012 to $104 million in 2014. “That's a big number. People want to visit and leave their money in our banks,” he said. “Many of them like what they see and decide it's a place they want to live. We have a great infrastructure, an active lifestyle and we have retained our beauty. Visitors are finding Tehachapi is a great place to live.” jbnelson Follow jbnelson Close Get email notifications on jbnelson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever jbnelson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow jbnelson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Woman accused of threatening witness in alleged Tehachapi love triangle murder takes plea deal PHOTO GALLERY: Anglers take the bait at Fishing Derby PHOTO GALLERY: Shepherd of the Hills congregation dedicates 'magnificent new church' Gayle Lee Letter to the editor: Happenings at the school district leave me dismayed Donald Zanghi Canine Creek to host grand reopening as fundraiser Tehachapi EMT to be honored at state Capitol Warriors bounce back vs. West on Riley two-hitter County supervisors looking for better pot shop enforcement Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos News Pattie Kappen used surgery to lose weight and found herself in the process UPDATED: Thu., April 6, 2017, 10:37 p.m. By Becky Kramer beckyk@spokesman.com(509) 459-5466 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS CHAS Health ramped up its smoking cessation programs in 2015 to help its low-income clients kick the habit. Northwest, Page 1 Pattie Kappen knew there was another person inside of her. That woman was confident and fit. She could hike all 8 1/2 miles of the Liberty Lake Loop Trail, including the ascent to the waterfall. Crossing a parking lot didn’t leave her wheezing for breath. She never worried about squeezing through narrow doorways. But for years, Kappen lived with a different reality. She was morbidly obese, carrying more than 400 pounds on a 5-foot, 6-inch frame. “This person who was inside of me, I always knew she was there. It was how to let her come out,” Kappen said. Today, the 37-year-old Spokane resident weighs 175 pounds. She’s no longer diabetic. She doesn’t need high blood-pressure medication anymore. And she’s become an avid hiker. The path to losing 250 pounds included gastric bypass surgery, which Kappen qualified for through insurance offered under Washington’s Medicaid expansion. Kappen also quit smoking, changed her lifestyle and diet, and saw a counselor to help her deal with past abuse. After being molested as a child, Kappen said, food became a coping mechanism. “People don’t realize why you’re fat. They judge. I hated that,” she said. Kappen was profiled in The Spokesman-Review in 2015, after she lost 38 pounds in preparation for the gastric bypass surgery. She’d walked into a CHAS Health clinic a year earlier, determined to kick a two-pack-a-day habit and get down to a healthy weight. Without major changes, Kappen – who has a teenage son – knew she was facing a shortened lifespan. “My worst fear was that I was going to die fat. Or, I could die trying to change my life,” she said. ‘Medically necessary’ surgery Death rates climb with obesity, said Dr. Saurabh Khandelwal, director of the bariatric surgery center at the University of Washington Medical Center, where Kappen had gastric bypass surgery in December 2015. When people’s body mass index rises above 35 – the threshold for morbid obesity – the risk of dying from any cause more than doubles in men and women, Khandelwal said. “You start to see all these diseases crop up: high blood pressure, diabetes, sleep apnea,” he said. At the time of her surgery, Kappen’s body mass index was in the low 60s. In Washington, adult Medicaid patients have been eligible for bariatric surgery since 2005. To qualify, the surgery must be deemed “medically necessary” for the patient. Prior authorization is required, and patients go through psychological testing as part of the screening. “The surgery really is for people who cannot lose weight,” Khandelwal said. “If someone is able to get down to a healthy weight without surgery, that is by far the ideal situation.” But as people pack on pounds, returning to a normal weight gets harder, Khandelwal said. The body has a metabolic memory, and it fights weight loss. After bariatric surgery, keeping the weight off requires sticking to a carefully regimented diet and exercising at least 30 minutes each day. “It’s not some magical operation that works on its own,” Khandelwah said. “It’s daily work and daily commitment.” Stomach size of an apple For Kappen, being obese meant daily humiliations – a seat belt didn’t fit, a chair was too small, a corner was too tight. “Society is not forgiving,” she said. “Not when you’re fat.” For years, low esteem sabotaged her efforts to change, Kappen said. She could hear the negative whispers in her mind: “Pattie, you’re not worth it. You’re never going to do this. Eat that cupcake.” Kappen credits CHAS Health’s smoking cessation program for helping her embark on positive life changes. “Quitting smoking for me was the defining moment,” she said. “I knew this wasn’t me anymore.” She started exercising, graduating from 15 minutes on the treadmill to walks around her South Hill neighborhood with Ross Kappen, who was her husband at the time. She also transformed her diet, focusing on lean meats, whole grains and fruits and vegetables. After the surgery, Kappen’s good habits continued. Her stomach is about the size of an apple now, which requires carefully monitored food intake. Over a seven-month period, she lost more than 200 pounds. “As soon as they told me I could get up and walk, I was walking,” she said. “I was so motivated. It was life changing.” She celebrated the milestones, buying new pants and shirts after dropping multiple sizes, and documenting the walks, which gradually turned into hikes. “When you’re fat, you think, ‘I walked from the car into Wal-Mart,’ ” Kappen said. Even short distances feel like an accomplishment. “Now, I think, ‘I just hiked seven miles.’ That’s crazy.” Hiking to the Liberty Lake waterfall last summer with her son and former husband was a special occasion. She’d tried to reach the waterfall multiple times but always had to turn back. Kappen is still about 40 pounds away from her weight goal of 135, which would put her at the median body mass index for her height. The remaining pounds will come off more slowly, but Kappen doesn’t mind. She feels up to the challenge. The months since the gastric bypass surgery have had their difficulties. A friend rushed Kappen back to Seattle last September for emergency surgery. She had developed a bleeding ulcer, which occurs in about 5 to 10 percent of patients who have the surgery. Kappen’s marriage to her high school sweetheart ended. As she embarked on major changes, Kappen and her husband realized they wanted different things out of life. They split amicably and both remain involved in their son’s life. After years of being a stay-at-home mom, Kappen is pondering options for going back to school and working. But she has the confidence she lacked in the past. “I’m a whole new person now,” she said. Kappen frequently talks about her experiences to people she meets. By telling her story, she hopes to encourage others who are struggling to lose weight, quit smoking or deal with past abuse. “I know your journey, baby,” she often thinks. “I know you can do it.” Updated: April 6, 2017, 10:37 p.m.  Tags: bariatric surgery, CHAS Health, health, obesity, Pattie Kappen, weight loss Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News YouTube cracks down on fake news channels with ad changes By Allen Cone   |   April 6, 2017 at 8:39 PM Follow @upi Comments April 6 (UPI) -- YouTube announced Thursday it is cracking down on fake news channels by no longer placing advertising on them until they've reached 10,000 overall views. YouTube, which is owned by Alphabet Inc., also the parent company of Google, announced changes after several big companies pulled their advertising from the company because their ads were appearing with objectionable content. The online video service said the changes are designed to make sure channels are legitimate and not stealing content. "We will no longer serve ads on YPP videos until the channel reaches 10K lifetime views," Ariel Bardin, vice president of product management, said in a statement. "This new threshold gives us enough information to determine the validity of a channel. It also allows us to confirm if a channel is following our community guidelines and advertiser policies. By keeping the threshold to 10K views, we also ensure that there will be minimal impact on our aspiring creators. And, of course, any revenue earned on channels with under 10K views up until today will not be impacted." YouTube is also adding a review process for creators to join the YouTube Partner Program, which began in 2007. "After a creator hits 10K lifetime views on their channel, we'll review their activity against our policies," Bardin said. "If everything looks good, we'll bring this channel into YPP and begin serving ads against their content. Together these new thresholds will help ensure revenue only flows to creators who are playing by the rules." The company, in an effort to help creators reach 10,000, will offer tips on "making great original content and growing your audience." "We want creators of all sizes to find opportunity on YouTube, and we believe this new application process will help ensure creator revenue continues to grow and end up in the right hands," Bardin said. In the past, the open-ended policy allowed amateur video creators to earn money and some work became viral and earned a considerable amount. Several advertisers, including Walmart, General Motors, JPMorgan Chase, Pepsico, Starbucks and Johnson & Johnson, pulled out of YouTube after their ads appeared in extremist hate-speech videos. On March 24, the head of the Association of National Advertisers, which represents 1,000 companies that spend more than $250 billion in marketing and advertising each year, urged Google to change its policy. "ANA strongly believes that brand safety is of paramount importance to our members," Bob Liodice said in statement. "The current crisis is representative of the issues that ANA — and others — have raised with respect to fraud and risk, reduced transparency, sub-optimum measurement and nebulous productivity." YouTube didn't say how many accounts would be affected by the change. Advertisers pay roughly $7 to $12 for 1,000 views and creators split the money with YouTube, The Wall Street Journal reported. "What we do is, we match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn't match," Alphabet chairman Eric Schmidt said last month in an interview with Fox Business Network. YouTube has more than a billion users and as of last July, it had paid out $2 billion to rightsholders, the company said on its website. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories EBay founder pledges $100M to counter 'fake news' No joke: April the giraffe still pregnant Teen use of Instagram may increase risk for depression, study says Reports: Amazon replacing Twitter as live-stream host for Thursday night NFL games Comments Topics: Eric Schmidt, Google Trending President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Next Article Trump meets Chinese leader Xi in Florida for summit on trade, North Korea Latest Headlines U.S. strikes Syria; Trump fires 59 missiles in 'vital national security interest' 28 minutes ago ago April 7 (UPI) -- President Trump ordered 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles into a Syrian airfield where it's believed government forces launched a deadly chemical attack this week. Hillary Clinton on Russia: 'It's important we all start acting like patriotic Americans' 5 hours ago ago April 6 (UPI) -- After spending the last five months in private, Hillary Clinton said at a women's summit Thursday she's worried over the current direction of the United States. Feds ordered Twitter to reveal person behind anti-Trump account, lawsuit says 8 hours ago ago April 6 (UPI) -- Twitter filed a lawsuit Thursday that claims President Trump's administration unlawfully demanded the identity of a user who's been critical of the government. Boeing, JetBlue back startup aiming for electric flight revolution 12 hours ago ago April 6 (UPI) -- Two of the biggest names in the sky are investing in Zunum Aero for electric aircraft it says will increase commercial flight efficiency and reduce fare prices. Republicans trigger 'nuclear option' in SCOTUS showdown 14 hours ago ago April 6 (UPI) -- Senate Republicans voted to invoke the so-called "nuclear option" to prevent Democrats from filibustering the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Trending Stories U.S. strikes Syria; Trump fires 59 missiles in 'vital national security interest' North Korea issues warning to 'culprit' United States Girl found living with wild monkeys in India fears humans Republicans trigger 'nuclear option' in SCOTUS showdown Feds ordered Twitter to reveal person behind anti-Trump account, lawsuit says PHOTOS In photos: Yu Aiping show at China Fashion Week Mariah Carey through the years Rock and roll auction at Bonhams in New York Superbloom phenomenon brings flowers and tourists to Southern California In photos: Tom Dong show at China Fashion Week On the red carpet at the STXfilms "The State Of The Industry: Past, Present And Future" presentation at CinemaCon Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Follow Us subscribe OEM UAV Survey Mapping GNSS Defense Mobile Machine Control/Ag Transportation More The Almanac Antenna Survey Buyers Guide Digital Edition Archive Events Innovation Opinions Receiver Survey Upcoming GNSS satellite launches Webinars White Papers Indoor location, data see growth at MWC April 6, 2017  - By Kevin Dennehy Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn 0 Comments Barcelona’s Fira center hosted Mobile World Congress, a gathering of 105,000 industry participants. By Kevin Dennehy Contributing Editor for LBS BARCELONA — The big take-away from this year’s Mobile World Congress was the interest in location data from a growing number of vendors. Although still a small footprint in the cavernous halls of Barcelona’s Fira center, at least 33 companies displayed products and services related to indoor location, which was more than past years, said Bruce Krulwich, Grizzly Analytics founder and chief analyst. “There are also more major multinational companies that are exhibiting indoor location, including Phillips, Panasonic and Cisco. The growth in the area is clear,” he said. This year’s MWC also featured four different applications of indoor technology, Krulwich said. “The MWC app included mapping and navigation based on Pole Star’s technology and also proximity marketing and notifications based on MOCA [customer engagement software]. The security staff had a security management system based on Situm technology,” he said. “The smart badges at the entrances used [Bluetooth low energy] to detect the phone moving through the turnstile.” Rise of Ultrasonic Ultrasonic sound was prominent, Krulwich said. “In the past there was a single company, MTI, using ultrasonic sound for positioning, but this year three new players are using ultrasonic: Marvelmind for highly accurate positioning, Yap for proximity and Prontoly for selective content and communication,” he said. “If the technology is effective in real-world deployments, it may be a big step forward in increasing accuracy using existing phone technologies.” Modulated LED lighting, also known as visible light communication, is receiving more interest. “Phillips was demonstrating a solution in that space this year,” Krulwich said. “I2Cat also returned with an LED solution, and Oledcomm is a new entrant in that space,” he said. Although beacon prices have gone down, the key is indoor positioning’s scalability and solution maturity. “Many of the solutions shown at MWC addressed scalability,” Krulwich said, “including Estimote with self-mapping beacons, indoo.rs with SLAM-based automated configuration and Situm with infrastructure-free positioning. The solution maturity is evident from the number of full commercial deployments (not trials) by companies like Pole Star and indoo.rs,” he said. Another trend is the increasing numbers of high-accuracy systems. “Quuppa has shown highly accurate positioning at MWC for several years,” Krulwich said. “But this year they were joined by powerhouse Phillips and by newcomer Marvelmind. All three showed centimeter-level accuracy with very fast response, each with a very different technology.” Samsung press conference had hundreds of journalists in attendance at MWC. Indoor Location The lack of indoor location vendor participation at January’s National Retail Federation BIG Show in New York is a cause for concern, Krulwich said. “Indoor location has been expected to cross the chasm for years, and it’s still stuck among early adopters. But recent improvements in accuracy and in the maturity of the solutions, with easier configuration and integration into back-end systems, should lead to more full commercial deployments and then larger adoption in retail,” he said. “It is also important to note that retail is not the only application of indoor location. Asset tracking and customer analytics are both growing. We also see a growth in the number of companies developing practical solutions on top of existing technologies, such as MOCA, Qualigon and xAd.” Quest for Data Companies that aggregate location data found increased interest at MWC. Teralytics, which processes data points using predictive algorithms, provides human behavior information based on location. The company is working with not only wireless carriers, but governments and others on smart-city initiatives worldwide, said Luciano Franceschina, Teralytics co-founder and CTO. “We are already working with different verticals, and not just the telco verticals themselves, who are using the location analytics,” he said. “A top transportation planner in Germany scrutinized our system for a year and now uses it to plan and decide what infrastructure investments to make.” The company is collecting billions of data points, and aggregating geolocation and demographics to assess human behavior globally. This allows a retailer to assess where to build the next store, or how much capacity a train line should handle. For municipal planners, the data shows what transit system stops are being used more than others, Franceschina said. Virtual reality goggles were big again at MWC. Other markets for Teralytics’ data are tourism, retail, hedge funds and automotive, said Lisa Peterson, Teralytics vice president. “That could be location data that allows auto[makers] to use to see driver behavior,” she said. “A company like Marriott could see why their silver members aren’t upgrading to gold, because they can see their hotel usage patterns. The can see these consumer traits and target their members with better offers.” The acquisition of location data is more reliable that research methods used by such companies as Gallup, which still uses phone surveys and other antiquated methods, Peterson said. IoT Growing Comtech Telecommunications showed off its Location Studio platform that allows customers to build or enhance cloud-based embedded and hybrid LBS applications. The platform includes modular suites with indoor and outdoor positioning, geolocation, fraud detection, maps, search, routing, navigation, real-time messaging and analytics, the company said. The rise of Internet of Things (IoT) and location hasn’t surprised Comtech. “My team moved into IoT because it’s impacting a lot of new areas,” Keith Bhatia, Comtech senior vice president, said. “IoT objects come down to how cheap you can make the connection and make the device available during the early stages. The momentum is there. However, the hype that every device will be connected is just not price feasible.” Comtech is looking for that location price sweet spot when it comes to IoT, Bhatia said. “We are seeing a pull for cheap location. We are seeing significant strides from last year to this year.” Location company PoLTE partnered with ACS at MWC. ACS will use PoLTE’s LTE-based location tracking to allow business in the manufacturing, industrial and transportation industries to track assets, goods, workers and devices. PoLTE, which delivers location services both indoors and outdoors, said that while Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and GPS have deficiencies when tracking LTE devices, its system leverages native cellular signals to geolocate 4G and 5G devices. PoLTE uses an advanced radar location technique to transform reference signals in LTE transmissions into precise location. The company started focusing on LTE positioning nearly seven years ago, said Russ Markhovsky, PoLTE founder. “Customers are going to be able to embed the available service into platforms and devices next year. We are undergoing trials and proofs of concepts and are connected to wireless operator’s network test platforms.” The location information derived from PoLTE’s network is valuable to retailers and others who track a consumer’s spending habits, said John Dow, PoLTE president and chief operating officer “LTE works everywhere. You can track a user’s behavior when they went to Walmart, then went home,” he said. “It’s not a Swiss-cheese approach, as there is persistent location information. Retailers can receive decision-making data that is valuable compared to what’s out there today.” Other Tech Finds IoT Location Niche Another technology that is gaining traction with IoT companies is low power, wide area (LoRa) that leverages time difference of arrival (TDOA) triangulation to calculate the position of a device. One company, France-based Actility, says the system works with three gateways that receive data from a device, timestamps it and forwards it to a geolocation solver. The Actility network geolocation solver collects the timestamps to estimate the device’s position using triangulation. However, a precise time-synchronization mechanism, usually using GPS, is necessary to achieve nanosecond precision time measurement. “The number of agriculture and tracking applications are growing [for LoRa technology]. We are showing its applicability around Barcelona with a geofence, without GPS, through TDOA time stamping through different gateways,” said Christophe Francois, Actility senior vice president, marketing and digital. “Actility provides a different type of location services in that companies sometimes don’t need to know when the asset is not moving. This might mean to see if an asset like valuable copper in a yard is still there. You don’t need GPS to do that.” Data Playing Large Role in Fleet Market Geotab sees continued growth in 5G rollouts and data as key drivers to its European fleet transport market strategy, Said Colin Sutherland, Geotab executive vice president, sales and marketing. “Telefónica has been a great partner here [in Europe]. We continue to try to keep a pulse on the market over here and evangelize our data-centric telematics and 5G enablement,” he said. “We are also very focused on cyber security to keep cars and trucks safe on the road.” Sutherland says he believes 2019–2022 will see continued growth in the fleet market, with focus on data. “Back in the day, companies focused on either a diagnostic bundle, or a GPS-based [fleet management] bundle,” he said. “What will happen in our industry is a growth of bundled software. There will be a lot of data play with the new business models and suite-specific applications, including data sharing.” Observations from MWC Conference organizers estimated more than 105,000 attendees went to MWC this year. Last year, I said that Barcelona was getting too small for the conference, which is has turned into a mini-CES. This year was slightly larger, with the requisite traffic jams, high taxi cab prices, crazy high hotel room prices, unreal crowds and lines. One organizer took offense to my criticism of this huge growth, saying that I had no solutions. Well, yeah, though I love Barcelona as a venue, maybe it’s time to move it to a larger city? MWC touts itself as the mobile event of the year. Barcelona crows that it is the most tech-savvy town in Europe. How can that be if Uber and Lyft aren’t even allowed and the alternative is long lines with price-gouging taxis? As a reporter with Asian heritage, I get the business, literally, when I get into a cab (read: inflated prices). The high cost of hotel rooms has forced companies to use Airbnb and other sites to get lodging. Sad thing is that lodging may be in Badalona or Sitges, which require long train rides and eat up precious conference time. Again, maybe it’s time to either move it, or talk to city officials about getting more rooms in town. Despite all of my criticism about the show, it still is one where you can meet people, network and manage the huge halls, which are positioned in one large building. You can’t do that at CES anymore as meetings and exhibits are spread over the convention center and various hotels. You may never see an executive or contact again after one meeting at CES, but MWC still has the feel that you can still rub elbows with some of the bigwigs at either the Fira or offsite meetings and receptions. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn This article is tagged with and posted in Featured Stories, Mobile About the Author: Kevin Dennehy Kevin Dennehy is GPS World’s editor for location-based services, writing a monthly column for the LBS Insider newsletter. Dennehy has been writing about the location industry for more than 20 years. He covered GPS and location technology for Global Positioning & Navigation News for seven years. His articles on the wireless industry have been published in both consumer and trade magazines and newspapers. Subscribe to GPS World If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to GPS World to receive more articles just like it. Post a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name ( required ) Email ( required; will not be published ) Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Today's News more news Galileo search-and-rescue service officially launched Galileo Search And Rescue (SAR) service, made possible by the... Read more» Apr 06, 2017 | 0 Comments UAV manufacturer senseFly joins April 20 webinar panel A speaker from UAV manufacturer senseFly will appear on the... Read more» Apr 04, 2017 | 1 Comments NovAtel releases Oceanix Nearshore correction service for marine applications NovAtel, the OEM supplier of high-precision GNSS positioning technology, unveiled its... Read more» Apr 04, 2017 | 0 Comments Polaris scanner uses GNSS to go indoors, outdoors Teledyne Optech has released its Polaris terrestrial laser scanner, which... Read more» Apr 04, 2017 | 0 Comments About Us Contact Us Advertise Digital Edition Subscriber Services © 2017 North Coast Media LLC, All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sign up for the TidewaterBiz e-newsletter today. It's FREE! TidewaterBiz Goodwill opens center for job seekers in Hampton Goodwill Sabrina Schaeffer / Daily Press The Goodwill of Central and Coastal Virginia hosted an event to mark the start of construction on Phase II of the renovation and expansion of the Community Employment Center in Hampton Friday, July 29, 2016. The Goodwill of Central and Coastal Virginia hosted an event to mark the start of construction on Phase II of the renovation and expansion of the Community Employment Center in Hampton Friday, July 29, 2016. (Sabrina Schaeffer / Daily Press) Tara BozickContact Reportertbozick@dailypress.com Privacy Policy Goodwill of Central and Coastal Virginia on Thursday officially opened a facility to help struggling job seekers at its Hampton location. "I overcame a lot. I never gave up," Goodwill customer service employee Demetrius Randall said during the facility's opening ceremony. "Employment — I was turned down 11 times." Randall, 27, told community and business leaders how he was shot at age 13 and paralyzed from the waist down. Yet he finished work readiness training and got the call from Goodwill that he was hired as a cashier in the Hampton retail store. "Goodwill has been a blessing to me because they gave me an opportunity to show what I can do," said Randall of Newport News. Goodwill, a nonprofit providing workforce services, estimates the 16,000-square-foot Community Employment Center at its 1911 Saville Row campus, could serve more than 5,600 job seekers annually. The center offers computers, four classrooms, private meeting rooms, phones and a room full of clothes that job seekers might need for interviews. TNCC, Goodwill open new training center Peter Dujardin and Jane Hammond Thomas Nelson Community College and Goodwill of Central and Coastal Virginia have teamed up on a new training program for apartment complex maintenance workers to improve their skills. Thomas Nelson Community College and Goodwill of Central and Coastal Virginia have teamed up on a new program to... Thomas Nelson Community College and Goodwill of Central and Coastal Virginia have teamed up on a new training program for apartment complex maintenance workers to improve their skills. Thomas Nelson Community College and Goodwill of Central and Coastal Virginia have teamed up on a new program to... (Peter Dujardin and Jane Hammond) The idea is to be an access point for job seekers to various resources where the center can serve as a venue for training, employer hiring events and getting help in crafting resumes or practicing interviews. Goodwill specializes in helping people facing challenges to employment, including military veterans, the formerly incarcerated and job seekers with limited experience or education, disabilities or language barriers. The Community Employment Center is part of Goodwill's $7 million investment in the former Target building, which also hosts Goodwill's retail store, donation center, administrative offices and Thomas Nelson Community College's Center for Building and Construction Trades. Goodwill bought the building in 2012. Caption Threat Tec New business in Hampton helps cops and military recognize threats and how to safely deal with them. New business in Hampton helps cops and military recognize threats and how to safely deal with them. Caption Threat Tec New business in Hampton helps cops and military recognize threats and how to safely deal with them. New business in Hampton helps cops and military recognize threats and how to safely deal with them. Caption Disney CEO Robert Iger extends his contract as search for a successor continues Walt Disney Co. Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Iger has extended his contract by one year. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Walt Disney Co. Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Iger has extended his contract by one year. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Yahoo executive up for $23-million severance package Verizon Communications Inc. is in the process of buying Yahoo’s digital services. (March 13, 2017) Verizon Communications Inc. is in the process of buying Yahoo’s digital services. (March 13, 2017) Caption Pick Me Up Love Flower Shop Twin sisters Corrie Shumate and Connie Lowe opened up Pick Me Up Love flower shop in Hilton VIllage back in November of 2016. Twin sisters Corrie Shumate and Connie Lowe opened up Pick Me Up Love flower shop in Hilton VIllage back in November of 2016. Caption Analysts predict Snap stock will plunge Brian *Wieser*, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave *the Snap stock* a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Brian *Wieser*, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave *the Snap stock* a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) The center is one of five Goodwill Community Employment Centers in Central and Coastal Virginia and essentially replaces the Community Employment Center that had shuttered in Portsmouth, Goodwill spokeswoman Danielle Cronin said. Goodwill's campus off Mercury Boulevard near Wal-Mart and the Hampton Roads Convention Center is accessible via public transportation. While the Hampton campus is Goodwill's flagship location in the region, Goodwill also acts as a virtual employment center in Hampton Roads through partners and at other community sites, particularly since transportation can be a barrier, said John Dougherty, Goodwill vice president of community workforce. Goodwill helps employers find needed workers, too, he said. "We know there are individuals out there who are looking for jobs," Hampton Mayor Donnie Tuck said during a Thursday ceremony after thanking Goodwill for its investment. Virginia Secretary of Commerce and Trade Todd Haymore said helping prepare workers is an essential part of the state's efforts to bring and grow more businesses and jobs in Virginia. "That economic development success means nothing without the human capital behind it," Haymore said. Randall said he enjoys coming to work, particularly in a position where he can interact with the public and show that a wheelchair doesn't stop him from working hard. He said he hopes that can help other job seekers by helping to change mindsets. "Everyone in here wouldn't be where they are if someone didn't give them a chance," Randall told open house attendees. "All I wanted was someone to give me a chance to show I could do the work." Community Employment Center hours are: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday and Wednesday, 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday and 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday. For more information, call 757-951-4200. Bozick can be reached by phone at 757-247-4741. Sign up for a free weekday business news email at TidewaterBiz.com. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Job Market Hampton VA chief cites progress, more work needed Peninsula employers look to fill high-demand jobs Top Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 52°
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 07, 2:34 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology YouTube Ad Boycott: Ads Won't Be On Channels With Less Than 10,000 Views By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 04/06/17 AT 5:38 PM Close YouTube announced Thursday it will no longer place ads on channels with less than 10,000 lifetime views. “This new threshold gives us enough information to determine the validity of a channel,” YouTube said. “It also allows us to confirm if a channel is following our community guidelines and advertiser policies. By keeping the threshold to 10k views, we also ensure that there will be minimal impact on our aspiring creators.”   Read: Google Removes 200 Websites From Ad Network For Misleading Users YouTube also confirmed it would institute a review policy to work alongside its 10,000-view rule for channels. Channels who apply to have ads run on their videos will now have their content actively reviewed by YouTube. Users whose content isn’t in violation of YouTube’s terms of service will then be allowed into YouTube’s Partner Program and have ads served to their videos. The move comes as YouTube works to tamp down on the controversy over ads from high-profile partners being shown on YouTube videos with objectionable content. In late March, companies including Wal-Mart, McDonald's and Pepsi pulled their ads from YouTube after they appeared on videos that included content like racist language and hate speech. Advertising and pre-roll videos have been a central part of YouTube’s growth as a company and among its users, as high-profile channel owners have been able to pull full-time income from YouTube ads. In the past, much of YouTube’s ad placement was also automated and done algorithmically, making Google’s more hands-on approach a change in direction. Read: Google Changes Search To Detect, Flag Incorrect Content, Fake News At the moment, the major ad pulls aren’t a serious revenue hit for YouTube. The Associated Press reported analysts expect a drop of only around two percent in revenue for parent company Alphabet. However, the continuing controversy over the ad pulls is still a public black eye for YouTube and Google and the companies likely hope the new approval policy solves these issues. Related Stories 5 Things To Know About YouTube TV Amazon Wins $50 Million NFL Deal Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business French Montana Pulls A Don Imus The rapper had some choice words for a Twitter user that has sparked a social media uproar over race. Technology Microsoft Surface Gets Higher Customer Satisfaction Rating Than iPad The report noted that with an overall satisfaction score of 855 on a 1,000-point scale, Microsoft topped the list mostly for its design, styling and features. World Other Nations May Exploit Crisis In Venezuela: US Admiral Venezuela is witnessing triple-digit inflation with shortage of foods and medicines leading to protests against the socialist government. National Scarlett Johansson Disappointed By Ivanka Trump's Actions Scarlett Johansson condemned Ivanka Trump for statements made during her CBS News interview with Gayle King earlier this week. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Legislature OKs $52 billion road bill US missiles hit Syria in retaliation for gassing of civilians Richmond mom intended to file restraining order against alleged Gorsuch confirmation set after Senate Republicans go News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA California Legislature approves tax, fee hike for roads Seattle mayor denies sex abuse claims made in lawsuit, media The Latest: Comms link with Russia was used before US attack Asian markets on edge as US strikes Syria amid Xi summit Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants end terrible pitching series with 3rd loss in 4 games A’s Raul Alcantara tries to prove he’s worthy of rotation Healy, Triggs lead A’s past Angels Strong start for Andrew Triggs in A’s win Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Twitter sues US government to protect critics’ privacy California court upholds cap and trade FDA approves 23andMe tests showing risk of developing 10 diseases Robot taxi startup Voyage takes on Uber. And Ford. And Tesla. A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do With opening at Castro, SFFilm Festival is off and running The latest from Dear Abby Fantastical set of ‘Needles and Opium’ upstages actual Old jokes still have charm in pleasantly amusing ‘Going in Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Popular Oakland seafood restaurant fined $395k for environmental Salt & Straw to open first S.F. outpost on April 14 After 23 years, Rivoli is back on top Rice or no rice? That is the question on National Burrito Day in Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Is this the worst commute shortcut in the Bay Area? Lullaby versions of ‘Hamilton’ songs coming to a nap Make your plans: All California National Parks will be free two Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Chileno Bay Resort, Cabo San Lucas Trio of jackets that make most of a rainy day Rick Steves: What’s new in Germany, Vienna and Prague One Day, One Place: Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hayes Valley Victorian conceals stylish condo Darling Half Moon Bay beach cottage with separate artist studio Three-house Cow Hollow compound—in the same family for over a Walk-through: Trilevel in SF’s Glen Park linked to street by Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/5-Things-to-Know-in-Florida-for-April-7-11056134.php 5 Things to Know in Florida for April 7 Updated 2:30 pm, Thursday, April 6, 2017 MIAMI (AP) — Your daily look at news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today. NOT ENOUGH EVIDENCE FOUND FOR BONDI, TRUMP BRIBERY COMPLAINT Fort Myers-area State Attorney Stephen Russell presented Gov. Rick Scott on Thursday with the results of an investigation. The complaint stemmed from scrutiny last year over a $25,000 campaign contribution Bondi received from Trump in 2013. Bondi asked for the donation about the same time her office was being asked about a New York investigation of alleged fraud at Trump University. FLORIDA CITY SAYS 'GAME OVER' TO INFLATABLE SUPER MARIO LATEST TRENDING VIDEOS: Story continues below Scott Fisher owns a video game store in the city of Orange Park, a suburb of Jacksonville. He says the city is acting like the Super Mario Bros. game villain Bowser. Fisher filed a federal lawsuit on Thursday arguing that the town's ban violates his free speech. Lawyers with the conservative law organization Institute for Justice are representing Fisher. REPORT: MURDER SUSPECT WAS UPSET PREGNANT GIRLFRIEND SMOKED Markeith Loyd faces multiple charges including first-degree murder. Documents obtained by the Orlando Sentinel say 41-year-old Loyd thought 24-year-old Sade Dixon was cheating on him. He was also upset that she was smoking while pregnant when he confronted her Dec. 13. Loyd evaded police until Jan. 9 when authorities say he shot 42-year-old Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. DEAD GATOR IN FLORIDA DORM ROOM MEANS WARNING FOR STUDENTS The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission sent an officer to the college after getting a call from school police about the alligator. School spokesman Brian Norris says the students claimed to have found the reptile dead on the side of the road. Wildlife officers took possession of the carcass and confirmed it had been road kill. 1 DEAD, 5 RESCUED WHEN BOAT SINKS OFF FLORIDA COAST In a news release, Coast Guard officials say they were contacted Wednesday night after the boat started taking on water off of Fort Lauderdale. Crews from the Coast Guard, the Broward Sheriff's Office and a towing company arrived at the scene along with two boats owned by good Samaritans. All six men were pulled from the water. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY US blasts Syria base with 60 cruise missiles Russia slams US airstrikes in Syria Analysis: What comes next after US attack on Syria? Can the president attack another country without Congress? Trump ends safeguards on women's pay Trump sent note to CNN boss, threatening to ‘get even’ LATEST NEWS 3 Bay Bridge lanes reopen after truck accident Popular Oakland seafood restaurant fined $395K Man allegedly backs into car, randomly assaults driver Bidding opens on Oroville Dam spillway repair Dog found alive on N. Bay beach as owner mourned at funeral Coulter doesn't care if Seattle destroyed by NKorean nuke Baseball-sized spider discovered in Calif. mine Search for missing person leads to dismembered body Legislature OKs $52B bill to repair Calif.'s roads and bridges Is this the worst commute shortcut in the Bay Area? Check the latest radar and forecast Bay Area woman raises unprecedented $35M bail in murder case Man accused of killing mother in front of her sons Milestone for Salesforce Tower: Now the tallest in the West Day of speeches, pride for the 1,070-foot tower New SF building uses wiring, ‘shock’ tape to deter pigeons Pigeon on BART restores faith in humanity TODAY'S TOP PICKS The 25 best burritos in SF, according to Yelp This is why people walking behind you hate you Darling Half Moon Bay beach cottage with artist studio for $899K Most Popular 1 Murder suspect posts $35M bail, upsetting victim's family 2 US missiles blast Syria; Trump demands 'end the slaughter' 3 Baseball-sized spider discovered in California mine 4 Woman charged in Peninsula murder released on $35 million bail 5 Popular Oakland seafood restaurant fined $395k for... 6 SF swimming instructor nabbed in child-porn investigation 7 Trump ends safeguards on women's pay, ability to sue for... 8 Homeless boy shot while protecting sister near Sacramento park 9 Ann Coulter green lights North Korea to develop rocket that... 10 Lawmaker: Miscarrying women must carry dead fetuses to term LATEST NEWS 3 Bay Bridge lanes reopen after truck accident Popular Oakland seafood restaurant fined $395K Man allegedly backs into car, randomly assaults driver Bidding opens on Oroville Dam spillway repair Dog found alive on N. Bay beach as owner mourned at funeral Coulter doesn't care if Seattle destroyed by NKorean nuke Baseball-sized spider discovered in Calif. mine Search for missing person leads to dismembered body THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 57° Share Sprouts going up at Coors and Montano, records show By Taylor Hood / Journal Staff Writer Published: Thursday, April 6th, 2017 at 3:22pm Updated: Thursday, April 6th, 2017 at 6:03pm The southeast corner of Coors and Montano is being developed as Andalucia Center. According to a building permit filed with the City of Albuquerque, the center will be home to a Sprouts Farrmers Market. The development will include roughly 80,000 square feet of retail and restaurant space. (Taylor Hood/Journal) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — The southeast corner of Montaño and Coors is finally being developed and will apparently include a Sprouts Farmers Market. According to a City of Albuquerque building permit, the site, called Andalucia Center, will be home to a large retail development anchored by Sprouts Farmers Market, an Arizona-based natural food grocer that already has five locations in the Albuquerque area. Sprouts Farmers Market said through a representative that they have not announced any new locations for New Mexico. However, a building permit submitted April 5 listed Sprouts Farmers Market as the business seeking “tenant improvements” at 5600 Coors Blvd., the site of the Andalucia development. Lia Armstrong, a commercial broker with CBRE who is handling leasing for the development, could not confirm that Sprouts would be part of the shopping center, but she did say that a national grocer had signed on as an anchor tenant. There will also be a junior anchor, but that tenant has not yet been signed. Andalucia will feature roughly 80,000 square feet and will include a number of small retail shops and restaurants, according to Armstrong. “It’s a major river crossing and a great area. People are very excited,” says Armstrong. “We’ve seen a lot of activity from shops and restaurants.” Advertisement Continue reading The land is owned by the  Daskalos family, and construction is being handled by La Sierra Construction. Silver Leaf Ventures LLC, which also handled the Walmart project, has been trying to develop the land since a development plan was approved by the Environmental Planning Commission in 2006. Work on infrastructure, including roads and turn-ins, has already begun but the completion date has not been released. The area made headlines in 2013 when Walmart attempted to build a 100,000 square-foot supermarket on the land and met resistance from neighborhood associations and residents in the area. Armstrong said she believes nearby residents would be happy with the new retailers. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Retail Suggested Stories: Sprouts Acquires Sunflower Farmers Market – Mar 9, 2012 New Sprouts to open this year at Four Hills shopping center – May 8, 2015 West Side parcel near St. Pius might get new life – Feb 9, 2016 Las Estancias benefits long-underserved area – Apr 3, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 4/06 Updated To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) 4/06 Updated America’s best and worst airline? Depends on what you’re looking for 4/06 Ex-FBI director to lead Takata payout claims 4/06 Samsung forecasts 48% surge in Q1 operating profit Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries How small cosmetics companies are changing the face of beauty By Tonya Garcia Published: Apr 6, 2017 4:53 p.m. ET Share Giants like International Flavors & Fragrances are snapping up smaller companies with unique qualities and loyal customers By TonyaGarcia Reporter Getty Images Small cosmetic brands can have sources and target customers that larger companies want Many people have organic and natural foods in their cupboard. Now, they’re also stocking their medicine cabinets with organic beauty products and cosmetics. The demand for natural beauty products, creams with special ingredients, serums that tackle a specific beauty issue, and cosmetics that can multitask has prompted heightened interest in small and midsize players in the cosmetic ingredients sector. “Five or 10 years ago, cosmetic consumers were buying image,” said Mark Dixon, chief thinking officer at ThinkingLinking, a global mergers-and-acquisitions firm that specializes in emerging growth markets and investors. “Now they’re buying science, or believe they’re buying science.” Consumers care about what they’re wearing on their bodies in much the same way they care about what they’re putting in their bodies, Dixon said. Moreover, there is a new trend toward “quality and traceability” of ingredients. With increased regulation, cosmetics are being treated more like pharmaceutical products, and it becomes critical that companies know what exactly is going into their jars. Read also: Beauty companies Ulta and E.l.f. are looking good even as retail struggles Why more men are going into debt for plastic surgery(2:10) Men's plastic surgery and cosmetic procedures have grown 325% over the past 20 years. Here's how the financial industry is making money on the surge. “Companies are expanding their geographical sourcing and geographical customer channels but at the same time are expanding the range of products they control,” he said in a statement. A more established cosmetic ingredients company can provide accountability, but smaller companies can have access to coveted components and technologies, or may have the patents for them. According to ThinkingLinking’s report “Alchemists go shopping,” which analyzes the consolidation happening among cosmetics ingredients producers, there were 50 acquisitions in the five-year span of 2012 to 2016, with 45 different buyers involved. The biggest cosmetic ingredient deal, Symrise AG’s SY1, +0.78%   acquisition of Pinova Holdings Inc., was worth $417.0 million. Some of Pinova’s products are used for depilatory waxes, including those deemed “spa formula.” International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. IFF, +0.96%  , one of the largest companies in the sector with $3.12 billion in sales in 2016, acquired Lucas Meyer Cosmetics for $311 million. International Flavors was also the acquirer for the fifth largest deal, valued at $88 million. It bought Aromor Flavors and Fragrances, whose products include natural and “nature identical” materials. Most of the top 50 deals, 46 total, were for less than $100 million, according to Dixon. Read also: This is what Panera did to make its menu ‘clean “What you’re seeing now is a consolidation of some slices of the sector that weren’t previously consolidated,” said Dixon. “The middle market is consolidating the middle market and then the big players can snap them up.” The deal activity on the ingredients side of the cosmetics equation comes in response to a more finicky, and more educated consumer, who is shifting the landscape on the product side of the equation. With more access to both products and information about them, shoppers are choosing to purchase cosmetics that contain, or don’t contain, particular additives, and promise specific results. In this environment, smaller, independent, and very flexible beauty companies are coming to market and developing loyal customers. “These brands have a story, focus on a particular kind of skin, ethnicity or hair type,” said Sarah Jindal, senior innovation and insight analyst for beauty and personal care at Mintel, a market research company. “One-size-fits-all doesn’t resonate with consumers in this day and age. A brand with a personal story is another important aspect of what draws us into a brand.” There’s been a “shift in the way big guys handle their acquisitions,” Jindal said. Rather than buying a company and trying to integrate them as quickly as possible, big beauty companies are letting their small acquisitions do what they do best without too much interference. In return these small companies fill in gaps like a new audience or customer group. See also: Wal-Mart is beating the pants off Amazon in apparel, and it’s fighting to keep it that way As a result, these large companies have purchased an established product rather than creating a new one, and probably saved money on expensive launch costs like advertising and public relations along the way. “The amount of indie brands that are coming out and resonating with a younger consumer base is ensuring their future growth,” said Karen Grant, global beauty industry analyst at NPD Group. The only thing these customers care about is whether the product works for them. “These are companies that larger and smaller companies want to have in their portfolio so they can have sustainable growth over time,” Grant said. Some of the brands that have thrived with the backing of a larger company are Urban Decay and IT Cosmetics, both under the L’Oréal SA OR, +0.28%   umbrella. “A company who’s small today can be huge tomorrow,” said Grant. “Don’t underestimate any brand today.” On the ingredients side, bigger players clearly see the value of smaller companies in the sector. And it’s not just about money. “These businesses are the opposite of commodity,” said Richard Despard, senior linker at ThinkingLinking, in a statement. “They are special and each is different. Economic value comes from considerable barriers to entry - knowhow, technology, often patents as well, customer relationships and a deep understand of ‘ingredient trajectories.’” More from MarketWatch Does Trump Want Regime Change in Syria? 'Shots Fired' Star Sanaa Lathan on 'Love and Basketball' This lovely San Francisco driveway can be yours for just $35,000 Quote References SY1 +0.48 +0.78% IFF +1.27 +0.96% OR +0.50 +0.28% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Symrise AG Germany: Xetra: SY1 €61.94 +0.48 (+0.78%) Volume 297.8K Open €61.24 High €62.06 Low €61.07 P/E Ratio 31.76 Div Yield 1.37 Market Cap 8.0B International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. U.S.: NYSE: IFF $133.04 +1.27 (+0.96%) Volume 585.5K Open $131.88 High $133.36 Low $131.42 P/E Ratio 26.37 Div Yield 1.92 Market Cap 10.4B L'Oreal S.A. France: Paris: OR €179.35 +0.50 (+0.28%) Volume 461.0K Open €178.15 High €179.75 Low €177.80 P/E Ratio 32.61 Div Yield 1.84 Market Cap 100.5B
The Dalles Chronicle Jump to content 56° News Gorge Local Special sections Contact us E-edition Facebook Twitter Sign in Follow: Home News Local World National Pacific Northwest Newsbank Archives Historical Archive Public notices Sports School League Recreation Gorge Life Events Business Entertainment Outdoors Faith Opinion Letters Editorials Commentary Milestones Obituaries Births Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Events Today Submit events Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Cars Homes Jobs E-edition Upvote 0 Letter to the Editor: Safe access to stores As of Thursday, April 6, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter To the editor: I was reading Jesse Burkhardt’s item in your paper about the makeover of Cascade Square Shopping Center, which is getting a new facelift. While they are doing all of this, why can’t they lower the sidewalk in front of Jo-Ann’s Fabric, so us people with walkers, etc., have safer access to the stores. I don’t go into Jo-Ann’s any more for crafts. I drive to Hood River Walmart for them because they have mobility cars for us. I can also shop at Kmart. If needed, they bring a cart to my car. Keep business in The Dalles – I would if I could get into the stores. Alice Mattox Dallesport More like this story Letter to the editor: Mobility need Letter to the Editor: Stop donating trash Letter to the Editor: Walmart needed Letter to the Editor: Can't be bought Changes behind the glass Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings COUNTY COURT Administrative Assistant ENGINEER, ELECTRICAL HAZ-MAT DRIVER REQUEST FOR State of Washington SURVEYING & Engineering Technician CMA/LPN CNA MEDICATION TECHNICIANS News from our Community Partners ﻿ Contact/Submit: Subscribe / Staff list / News Tip / Letter to the Editor / Birth Announcement / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved. CLOSE X Information from the Chronicle and our advertisers (Want to add your business to this to this feed?)
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYLast Days For Early Bird Savings On Disrupt NY Tickets Save $1000 On Tickets Now! Advertising Tech The company behind Adblock Plus is acquiring micropayment service Flattr Time Inc. is launching its own influencer marketing network with help from Speakr AdAsia, an ambitious one-year-old ad tech startup, raises $12M for expansion Browse more... YouTube YouTube’s live TV streaming service goes live in five US cities for $35 per month German cabinet backs €50M hate speech fines for social media firms How Stories Search makes Snapchat a real-time YouTube Browse more... YouTube will now block ads on channels with under 10,000 views Posted 10 hours ago by Darrell Etherington (@etherington) 0 SHARES Next Story Elevate Credit pulls off lending IPO YouTube is taking measures to help ensure its user-generated content doesn’t end up positioning ads by big brands next to questionable content. The social network will not allow ads on channels that have fewer than 10,000 views total, across all their posted videos. YouTube told The Wall Street Journal that the measure has been in development since November, and that it’s intended to block channels which steal content from other sources from deriving revenue from the platform. YouTube is facing a significant backlash for displaying ads from partners against video containing racist and otherwise objectionable content. Google apologized for the mistake, and adapted its policies, but some major brands, including Coca-Cola, PepsiCo (which is rich, considering its subsequent Kendall Jenner snafu) and Walmart pulled advertising other than targeted search following reports by the WSJ of the ads being displayed against unsavory content. Previously, YouTube has made participation in its advertising program relatively easy: Account owners can apply to run ads next to their videos and it turned out there was very little in the way of barriers to getting approved. YouTube’s system also automatically placed ads against content using algorithmic methods, meaning preventing this kind of thing on a case-by-case basis is a relatively difficult, if not impossible, task. A 10,000 threshold allows a certain level of self-selection — videos that are obscure and offensive enough to never find much of an audience won’t be included, and it also likely narrows by a significant amount the pool of potential cases in need of human review. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase YouTube Founded 2005 Overview YouTube is a video-sharing website created in February 2005 by three former [PayPal](/company/paypal) employees: [Chad Hurley](/person/chad-hurley), [Steve Chen](/person/steve-chen) and [Jawed Karim](/person/jawed-karim). YouTube enables users to upload, view and share videos. It uses [Adobe Flash](/product/adobe-flash) video and HTML5 technology to display a wide variety of user-generated video … Location San Bruno, CA Categories Internet, Video, Music Website http://www.youtube.com/ Full profile for YouTube Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Yahoo and AOL combine to become Oath | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes YouTube Advertising Tech Popular Posts Featured Stories Jeff Bezos Sells $1B in Amazon Stock Annually to Fund Blue Origin | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:05 Transcript: Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi and John Ternus on the state of Apple’s pro Macs 11 hours ago | Matthew Panzarino, Romain Dillet 23andMe is finally allowed to tell you if you have the genes for Parkinson’s 12 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Facebook Messenger’s AI ‘M’ suggests features to use based on your convos 13 hours ago | Josh Constine New Google tool helps developers pick the right colors for their apps 13 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | Jeff Bezos Sells $1B in Amazon Stock Annually to Fund Blue Origin 4 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Trump plans to nominate Lyft’s Derek Kan to transportation department 4 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey SkyX drones are half-helicopter, half-plane and built to fly long distances 7 hours ago | Lora Kolodny The leaked DJI Spark looks to be the Mavic Pro’s little brother 7 hours ago | Matt Burns Comment moderation powered by Up Next Elevate Credit pulls off lending IPO Posted 10 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings CEO. Consumer facing digital marketing. at Loeb Enterprises (Manhattan, New York, NY, United States) Marketing Communications Manager at BearX (College Station, TX, United States) Senior Scientist, Machine Learning and Virtual Screening at Schrödinger, Inc. (New York, NY, United States) Manager of Marketing Ops and Analytics (REMOTE) @ Plex at Plex (San Francisco, CA, United States) Digital Strategies / Webmaster Director at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Jeff Bezos Sells $1B in Amazon Stock Annually to Fund Blue Origin 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Trump plans to nominate Lyft’s Derek Kan to transportation department 4 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey SkyX drones are half-helicopter, half-plane and built to fly long distances 7 hours ago by Lora Kolodny The leaked DJI Spark looks to be the Mavic Pro’s little brother 7 hours ago by Matt Burns Stellar echoes, Venusian automatons and more gain NASA moonshot funding 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Identity management software provider Okta seeks to raise $187M with IPO pricing 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley How Osmo decides to make its tangible, high-tech toys 9 hours ago by Lora Kolodny Twitter suing Homeland Security suggests some of those alt Twitter accounts were real after all 10 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker YouTube will now block ads on channels with under 10,000 views 10 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Elevate Credit pulls off lending IPO 10 hours ago by Katie Roof
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter world europe US americas asia australia middle east africa sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › world › americas asia middle east africa australia cities development UK europe home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Mexico Mexican state gets its first electric escalator, followed by judgmental snark Tiny, agrarian Tlaxcala, only 70 miles east of Mexico City, becomes butt of jokes on social media but locals see condescension and classism in criticism The patent for the electric escalator was first filed in 1859. Photograph: Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images Mexico Mexican state gets its first electric escalator, followed by judgmental snark Tiny, agrarian Tlaxcala, only 70 miles east of Mexico City, becomes butt of jokes on social media but locals see condescension and classism in criticism Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close David Agren in Mexico City @el_reportero Thursday 6 April 2017 16.45 EDT Last modified on Thursday 6 April 2017 17.26 EDT Mexico’s smallest state has marked a milestone of modern development with the inauguration of its first electric escalator – a device first patented in 1859. The news prompted a crush of reaction on social media, welcoming the mostly agrarian state of Tlaxcala to the 21st century. “Incredible but true: the first electric escalator arrived in Tlaxcala,” read a story in the local newspaper El Sol de Tlaxcala, which described the event as “historic”. State governor Marco Mena and his wife were the first to ride the escalator at its inauguration on Wednesday at a department store in the state capital, 70 miles east of Mexico City. Local press coverage was effusive. “The first shoppers’ excitement was evident and others were just curious to go shopping and move from one floor to the other on the automatic escalators, avoiding the fatigue of greater physical effort,” wrote El Sol de Tlaxcala. But others in the Mexican media had a field day making fun of Tlaxcala, an oft-overlooked state just to the east of Mexico City. tlaxcala map El Deforma, Mexico’s version of the Onion, ran a story listing other recent innovations in the state such as the toaster, the microwave oven and the telegraph. The tiny state is often the butt of jokes by the inhabitants of the country’s capital, possibly because of its controversial place in Mexican history: in the 15th century, Tlaxcala’s indigenous population joined forces with the Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés as he waged war on the Aztecs. Its role in the conquest led to Tlaxcala having special privileges in colonial times – but also earned it a stigma that has been slow to fade. Some from the state, however, saw condescension and classism in the criticism from Mexico City, which dominates national life. Unlike the capital city, Tlaxcala has clung to traditions, agricultural economy and local merchants and kept out multinational retailers such as Walmart. “Don’t be such bullies with the escalator,” tweeted Antonio Martínez Velázquez, a writer from Mexico City who pointed out that a similar wave of excitement surrounded the arrival of the first lifts in Tlaxcala in the early 2000s. “It’s an involuntary meme. The arrogance of her national media seems to be not believing that there are escalators everywhere,” said Martínez, a Tlaxcala native, who objected to the idea that opening shopping malls with escalators – common across Mexico over the past decade – was a sign of progress. “It foments a certain a certain aspirationalism linked many times with racism and classism that, in a society with a broad indigenous population like Tlaxcala does little to help social cohesion.” Topics Mexico Americas news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Mexico back to top world europe US americas asia australia middle east africa Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Politics World Culture Arts & Letters Archive Subscribe Donate Blogs State of the Union Rod Dreher Daniel Larison Daniel McCarthy Noah Millman Prufrock Jonathan Coppage Gracy Olmstead New Urbs BLOGS POLITICS WORLD CULTURE REPOSITORY NEW URBANISM ABOUT DONATE This Isn’t the Foreign Policy Trump Campaigned On Why More Regime Change? Crosstalk on Climate Change The Long Years After Failure The Real Surveillance Problem Teaching Obesity, Selling Sickness The Troubling Legacy of World War I Alt-Right Austen? The Daleiden Dilemma Why U.S. Troops May Fight Alongside al-Qaeda in Yemen Rod Dreher E-mail Rod Follow @roddreher The Practical Benedict Option By Rod Dreher • April 6, 2017, 4:51 PM Tweet A reader writes: I notice in the comments that you’ve been getting a lot of flak over what the Ben Op is supposed to look like specifically, or what the people who won’t wear the rings in Australia are supposed to do, exactly.  It seems like you’re frustrated that people aren’t just thinking for themselves and realizing on their own what “be an actual Christian” looks like.  I get that.  It is super frustrating. But I think, to be honest, that you may be expecting a bit too much out of the average “wants to be serious” Christian individual/family. As a pastor, in my experience, and that of many clergy friends, the laity that we love and shepherd are…how do I say this politely?  Wildly incompetent. It was only after a year of co-authoring a daily family devotional for my confirmation kids and families, and sending it home each week, to no avail, that I realized the level of help and hand-holding I needed to provide.  No, sadly, it isn’t obvious.  Yes, I needed to actually write out the following. Here the reader provides a guide to a very basic family devotional. It reads like it was written to help small children in deepest jungle mission territory know how pray at home. But this pastor lives in Red America. More: It’s utterly ridiculous.  Some days I am so frustrated I can barely manage.  How do you people not know how to do this????? But then I remember that these are the same families whose children enrolled in the public school and who cannot read the Gospel of Mark aloud in any meaningfully proficient manner, and I try to have compassion on the poor, lost sheep. So here’s my thought: I know that the book itself is meant to be a conceptual overview of the need for the BenOp, and not 40 Days To Becoming a Ben Op Christian.  But I think that people are going to need that kind of help.  We can’t all up and move to Clear Creek, nor do you expect us to.  But I’m wondering about some kind of website, perhaps, where we can find one another, build (virtual or IRL) communities, get answers, seek resources, etc. How great would it be if someone could ask the question, “I need to find a different church.  We are currently Evangelical but open to Anglicanism and Lutheranism.  We live in Podunk, Flyover State.  Can anyone recommend a parish?”  or “I’m ready to get rid of TV in the house, but my kids are pitching a fit and the Comcast sales rep offered me a really good deal to keep cable…how do I talk to the kids and stay firm in my resolve when I’m on the phone?”  or “I need help budgeting in to order afford shopping somewhere besides Walmart” or “who in the Minneapolis area would be willing to meet for dinner once a month to talk BenOp living?” and pastors who know people in the area, and a dad who already did it and a mom who’s a former Comcast employee and a rockstar budgeter and 6 other people from Minneapolis chime in?  I think a lot of us would have questions, and a lot of us would be willing to offer what we can to help others – but we need a way to connect with one another, first. I know you’ve mentioned you’re working on getting a website out.  Is something like this part of it? I slightly edited this letter to protect the pastor’s identity, but this is a good letter — and one that motivates me. I’m getting this question a lot. I own a URL for a website, and want to develop one like this to help connect Christians all over the world who are interested in the Benedict Option. I need to get started building that site. If you have any recommendations for web developers I might hire, please write to me privately at rod — at — amconmag — dot — com. You would not believe the volume of mail I’m getting today, so I can’t answer everyone. Please don’t assume that I didn’t get the email if I don’t respond to it. Today my agent sold publication rights for France to a French Catholic publisher. It means a lot to me that The Benedict Option is going to be in French. I hope I have the opportunity to go to France for the launch, and to make a pilgrimage to the tomb of St. Geneviève, to thank her for her prayers. This Benedict Option thing is not only for Americans. We all need to be making these contacts, building these networks, both nationally and internationally, while we can. UPDATE: Tell me what features you would like to see on this site. Again, it’s not going to be a site to sell something, but a site that will be a practical guide. Posted in Benedict Option. MORE FROM THIS AUTHOR Holy War On Right-Wing Error The Lord’s Trump Hide 26 comments 26 Responses to The Practical Benedict Option Michael says: April 6, 2017 at 4:59 pm You can start by joining the Facebook group! It’s fun! We’re nice! https://www.facebook.com/groups/1006021912782517/ mrscracker says: April 6, 2017 at 5:15 pm Well, I’m a grandma now but I sure would have appreciated a site to share recipes and ideas to economize. It was a challenge to feed, clothe and educate everyone on a limited budget. Wes says: April 6, 2017 at 5:24 pm The site must foment real community, which means physical contact, meetings, etc. It’s goal should be to get us off the site! To that end, there could be a public registry of anonymous members but with zip codes available if they so allow. There would then be some process by which we could be put in touch with each other to start our local thing. This would spread our roots beyond the like-minded we congregate with in our various Churches. Aramis says: April 6, 2017 at 5:35 pm Why do I expect the site will end up being coded in India because it’s cheaper? [NFR: Because you are too eager to impute your own cynicism to others? — RD] Ian says: April 6, 2017 at 5:44 pm I’d start with the Ben Op library. What are the essential texts, articles, etc.? Include everyday as well as scholarly readings; that way you don’t go over the head of some, bore others–and for the former, they will soon “graduate” to the scholarly, the scholarly reader can use the everyday as a refresher. How to form, well, approximate, a localized/neighborhood guild and/or barter system. What that entails, looks like, and how it works within the mainstream economy. Caroline Nina in DC says: April 6, 2017 at 5:51 pm Ditto what Mrs. Cracker said. Also–it would be great to figure out networks in major cities across denominational lines–sharing resources and contacts in areas of expertise. I’d be happy to help spearhead a Sisters of St. Sophia kind of thing around here. As well as practical, city or location specific info about schools, neighborhoods. Matt says: April 6, 2017 at 5:58 pm How about a wiki? That way people can dive into different topics with greater depth and diversity of opinion. FWIW, the pastor who wrote to you looks like he could stand to read a section on empathy for and understanding of others. Not sure calling his flock incompetent children is the way to go. Vinegar/honey and all that. [NFR: He talked about how he worked through his frustration toward empathy. Speaking personally, I have benefited the most spiritually when pastors have stopped kissing my butt and instead gave it a good, swift kick. — RD] Anamaria says: April 6, 2017 at 6:06 pm The blog Like Mother Like Daughter is invaluable in helping with many of these questions- and they have a page for “St. Gregory’s Pockets” of people who are trying to live this way in local areas to meet up. (Yes, they went with St. Gregory as a model for these times, not St. Benedict, as he stayed in Rome and helped the poor but did have a “strategic retreat.”) Maybe we are just exceptionally lucky but we have met a lot of like-minded friends just through our local parish here in Oklahoma City (and through the Chesterton Group). The discussion is not “if” we should withdraw but what that should look like, who is our model, how can we better celebrate the liturgical year, etc. Corey F. says: April 6, 2017 at 6:11 pm Yes, please, please get a website going. (I echo the above comment: The Fb group has been good for getting to engage in BenOp conversations.) The main feature of a BenOp website needs to be the offering of a place for coordination by locality. I should be able to go to the website, search for Indianapolis, and find out if there are upcoming lectures of interest, if there are meet ups that are happening, etc. Without this coordination, forming these little platoons is going to be tough unless one is in a parish context that has already bought into the BenOp. I’m old school enough to find forums (fora?) still useful—more useful than FB groups, especially for specific interests. They enable the categorization of posts by topic, plus they encourage more thoughtful interaction. To reveal my own particular geekinesses, I belong to forums dedicated to meteorology, traditionalist Roman Catholicism, Anglo-Catholicism, fountain pens, and pipe smoking. I’ve learned a lot from all of those communities, and they’ve deepened my interests in ways that a Fb group dedicated to those topics would not. I belong to a number of specialized FB groups, but the conversational substance rarely rises to the level I get on forums. The sense of community on forums seems to be stronger, too. But forums also enable people to conceal their identities as much or as little as they want, a feature which may become increasingly desirable. I can imagine a BenOp forum allowing people to coordinate meetings, circulate best practices, etc. Plus, forums encourage long-term, ongoing conversations in threads that are searchable. I’ve had great conversations on Fb that I can’t locate later on because they’ve disappeared down the memory hole. Finally, a blog would also be good as a place to get some other voices contributing out of different ecclesial and locational backgrounds. It could offer reflections on the BenOp that are both practical and theoretical. Anyway, just a handful of things that would make a BenOp website attractive to me. The Other Side says: April 6, 2017 at 6:32 pm I’ll second the forum over Facebook recommendation. Facebook has a way of destroying group interaction. It’s happened on a number of forums where people become Facebook friends, the forums die and so does any real dialogue. TitusA says: April 6, 2017 at 7:15 pm I’ll respond since I was one of those who asked for specifics. It turns out that, when pushed, Rod did answer my question about what those in Oz ought to do about affirming their Xianity in light of the new sexual order: he essentially said that one cannot give in and that one ought to rely on Xian groups to provide charity and support. Forgive me, but that’s utter nonsense. You really do need a fully established BenOp community for that. We don’t have that . . . yet. So then what do we do? To our Pastor’s point: how am I supposed to follow Rod’s advice and be strong and oppose modernity and rely on the support of my Xian community if, as you so put it, they can’t even pray. They can’t even get basic fundamentals down. So I don’t think I was so crazy in expressing some skepticism. Rod’s position regarding OZ is that Xians are called to suffer and to aid. And I agree. But here the Oz are just being called to suffer since there’s nothing in place to aid. My questions were designed to get specifics out of Rod. I did. They are lacking. And so all of this confirms Rod’s basic point: Xians are weak and slaves to modernity, passions, etc. I guess that leaves me with: so what’s the bloke in Oz supposed to do while everyone else in on the ark? I guess suffer? While those Xians who are telling him to gte on the BenOp ship have nice meals and nice wines and private Xian schools. It seems a bit much. And I’m not so convinced (though I agree with the diagnoses in large part). Liam says: April 6, 2017 at 7:22 pm [NFR: He talked about how he worked through his frustration toward empathy. Speaking personally, I have benefited the most spiritually when pastors have stopped kissing my butt and instead gave it a good, swift kick. — RD] So long as you don’t project that upon others, that’s all well and good. Not all medicines cure different spiritual diseases. There are any number of people mistake kicking their own butt with appropriate medicine. I happen to hang out more with such folks. But I do know people who respond as you have done, too. Donny says: April 6, 2017 at 7:26 pm I love the idea. You’d have to have good moderators who vet anyone who wants to join a forum to ensure (somehow) genuine interest and avoid trolling. Rather than have divisions along confessional lines, Reformed, Orthodox, Roman Catholic, Evangelical, etc., it might be better to allow users to “tag” themselves and make that tag searchable, so users from a confessional can easily find each other. Not that you have to do a forum, necessarily, because forums grow out of control, and you’d have to ask yourself how you would keep ansemi-anonymous forum from going down the troll-hole. And because we’re entering a secular dhimmitude, where some of us are nervous about affecting our livelihoods by expressing our sincerely held beliefs to the wrong people, you’d necessarily need to provide for public anonymity. Pastor Brian says: April 6, 2017 at 7:36 pm List of recommended readings Discussion boards by topic/thread List of local churches interested in BenOp with map List of local discussion groups (I’m starting a reading circle in June, for instance) List of sympatico organizations (classical schools, Classical Conversations/ homeschool coops, etc) Maybe regional coordinators at some point? Bob Taylor says: April 6, 2017 at 7:56 pm Open question: for all sorts of good reasons, I remain largely ignorant of Internet ways. Is a “forum” what used to be a chatroom? And would I search out forums about specific topics which interest me and which I’m presently clueless about finding by simply googling for such forums? It seems obvious, but I need something like keywords made clear to me. That having been said, I think it’s a great and much needed idea, Rod. Eric K. says: April 6, 2017 at 8:12 pm I’ll second those who said you’ve got to have a way for people who live geographically close to each other connect to each other in person. I’d benefit from meeting people who live near me who I might not otherwise come into contact with who are interested in the BenOp concept. Ideally, this would allow us to serve those who need assistance and to be served. Stormimay says: April 6, 2017 at 8:57 pm I’m looking forward to the website. I don’t like to think of myself as incompetent, but it’s probably not that far off, plus I’ve been having trouble finding local people interested. I would encourage info on homeschooling, especially curriculum and activity suggestions. MaryWinn says: April 6, 2017 at 9:11 pm I’d love to be able to communicate with, pray with, socialize with, just connect with other Ben-Op minded people. The two most orthodox Roman Catholic women I know, one of which is a good friend, aren’t into the Ben-Op movement, so I’d appreciate some cameraderie. As an aside, you (Mr. Dreher) have some of the most intelligent commenter on TAC. Anton says: April 6, 2017 at 9:19 pm Maybe exactly what you are thinking of, but here’s one that already exists: http://www.renovare.org It’s a renewal ministry founded by Richard Foster, author of Celebration of Discipline, a modern classic of Christian spiritual formation. I’ve always thought Foster’s work on discipleship and spiritual formation, and that of his colleague Dallas Willlard, were exactly what the Benedict Option is supposed to be about. I’m about halfway through reading the book, Rod, but I don’t believe I’ve ever heard you mention Foster or Willard in the book or in your blogging, so I’m not sure if you’re acquainted with their work. If not, I highly recommend them and think you would enjoy them immensely. Elijah says: April 6, 2017 at 9:32 pm I will also speak up for the pastor here; I taught Catholic students who had been confirmed who couldn’t make it through the Our Father without prompting. Evangelical kids who couldn’t find the Gospels. Parents who thought I was being unreasonable by asking kids to memorize the Apostles Creed, which many had never even heard. Recently on Facebook I asked people to share how they were recognizing Lent: a fast, perhaps an addition, maybe nothing? A woman I know well, the wife of a school teacher, did not know what Lent was. How is that possible indeed. William Harrington says: April 6, 2017 at 9:42 pm Some sort of geographic organization. The facebook site does not make this easy. There is an introduction thread, but you have to wade through way to many posts and many, if not most, peoples profiles do not list info like where they live (wise for facebook). We do need a way to find each other. MrsCole says: April 6, 2017 at 9:49 pm Yes, to a searchable forum! Facebook eats things so that you end up having the same discussion over and over and over again, because you can’t see if there was already a thread about it. Of course, it would need aggressive moderating– a forum directly addressing religion, politics, and childrearing? Without serious filtering, that’ll go nuclear in seconds. John says: April 6, 2017 at 10:01 pm I wish you’d posted the bit where the pastor laid out his guide. It sounds like it would be helpful. Anonne says: April 6, 2017 at 10:08 pm I had suggested that the BenOp needed a companion, a companion website will do. You will need forums, perhaps one with a live chat or shoutbox function. You will need moderators to keep out trolls and resolve disputes. A wiki will be helpful, but comprehensive forums are key to building an online community. Jen says: April 6, 2017 at 11:09 pm I’m not a Christian but a reader of your blog. Is there any reason your followers can’t set up secret Facebook groups for this purpose? Super easy, you have the option to choose “closed” groups (people can see the group name but have to ask to join) or “secret” groups (people have to be invited and can’t find the group even with a search). Maybe BenOp folks want to get off FB entirely, but if not, it’s really easy and accessible (and free!). Rebecca says: April 6, 2017 at 11:15 pm A section on educational options would be ideal. List faithful Christian schools, K-college, as well as a section on how to begin homeschooling, directing folks to further resources on that. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   This Isn’t the Foreign Policy Trump Campaigned On Why More Regime Change? Crosstalk on Climate Change The Long Years After Failure The Real Surveillance Problem Teaching Obesity, Selling Sickness The Troubling Legacy of World War I Alt-Right Austen? The Daleiden Dilemma Why U.S. Troops May Fight Alongside al-Qaeda in Yemen This Isn’t the Foreign Policy Trump Campaigned On Why More Regime Change? Crosstalk on Climate Change The Long Years After Failure The Real Surveillance Problem Teaching Obesity, Selling Sickness The Troubling Legacy of World War I Alt-Right Austen? The Daleiden Dilemma Why U.S. Troops May Fight Alongside al-Qaeda in Yemen Alternative Facts at the NYT Pour the Public Education Kool-Aid Down the Drain Get updates from The American Conservative Sign Up BLOGS Rod Dreher Daniel Larison Noah Millman Daniel McCarthy New Urbs CATEGORIES Politics World Culture Arts & Letters New Urbanism The Repository ABOUT US Who We Are FAQ Comments Policy Jobs/Internships Masthead Contact TAC THE MAGAZINE Subscribe Archive Change Address Customer Service Donate Advertise ×
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Celebrity Fashion Beauty Royals Fashion Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen’s Ex-Stylist Explains All Those Layers The… Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Fashion Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen’s Ex-Stylist Explains All Those Layers They Wear “It was such a big part of their style growing up,” she said. by Erika HarwoodApril 6, 2017 4:02 pm Email Facebook Twitter Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen during the 2005 Cannes Film Festival. By Foc Kan/WireImage. Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen may be at the helm of their own fashion empire with their two luxury brands, The Row and Elizabeth and James, but back when they were trend-setting teens they got a lot of help from their stylist, Judy Swartz. Swartz, who now works as Melissa McCarthy’s stylist, recently spoke to Refinery29 about creating some of their more notable looks from the early aughts, including the Olsens’ oft-referenced boho-chic moments (no mention of their ubiquitous Starbucks coffee cups, though). “Well, the layers came from me. It’s how I dress. It comes from my days of dressing rock stars,” she said, referring to the ultra-layered looks worn by the Olsens while studying at N.Y.U. “I’m pretty petite myself, and I just have always worn big, oversized things to cover myself up. I still do. I might wear a tight pair of jeans, but I’ve got a big baggy sweater on, and 50 layering pieces. I’m not surprised that layering moved forward with [Mary-Kate and Ashley’s] aesthetics, because it was such a big part of their style growing up.” In a recent interview with Porter Magazine, the Olsens discussed the influence fashion had on them when they were growing up as actresses. “When we were younger, being in the public eye was almost part of our role and responsibility–to set the trends at that time or be ahead of fashion,” said Ashley, while Mary-Kate added, “We would take adult clothing and cut it down to our size, change the proportions. I think from a young age we understood fit in a very different way because we’re so petite.” Schwartz echoed this to Refinery29, saying that she preferred to put the Olsens in tailored womenswear when they were younger, often seeking out clothes in smaller boutiques or high-end retailers like Barneys. “I had such a hard time finding clothes for them, because there wasn’t anything out there that I really wanted to put them in.” She ended up leading the charge of the Olsens’ first foray into design, a clothing line sold at Walmart, perhaps planting the seed that would grow into the Olsens’ commitment to fashion. “I’m not surprised that they are as successful as they are: I mean, they have great taste,” Schwartz said. “They learned early on what a good design looks like and what people like to wear. They obviously took it a thousand steps forward into emulating what their brands are today.” The Olsens still keep in touch with Schwartz, and even give her a “former stylist” discount when she shops at The Row, which luckily, she loves. “When I get dressed up at night, it's the first thing I’ll pull out.” Full ScreenPhotos: 1/13The Olsen Twins at 30: Their Unforgettable Fashion Moments At the 12th Annual Video Software Dealers Association Convention and Expo, 1993. In matching denim overall dresses and bandana hair ties at age 7, back when it was much harder to tell the twins—who are fraternal—apart.Photo: By Ron Galella, Ltd./WireImage/Getty Images. At the premiere of It Takes Two, 1995. They were still hard to tell apart at the age of 9, although the twins at least started changing their looks by wearing the same outfit in different colors.Photo: By Ron Galella, Ltd./WireImage/Getty Images. At the premiere of Alaska, 1996. In the most '90s tween look that has ever existed on the left, and the most Diane Keaton tween look that has ever existed on the right. Still difficult to tell apart at 10.Photo: From The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images. At the premiere of Spice World, 1998. Already looking like tiny C.E.O.s at the age of 11.Photo: By Jim Smeal/WireImage/Getty Images. At the Costume Institute Gala celebrating the “Punk: Chaos to Couture” exhibition, 2013. Ashley on the left; Mary-Kate on the right. Age 26.Photo: By Billy Farrell/BFANYC.com/REX/Shutterstock. At the Costume Institute Gala celebrating the “Charles James: Beyond Fashion” exhibition, 2014. Mary-Kate on the left; Ashley on the right, at 27.Photo: By George Pimentel/WireImage/Getty Images. At the Costume Institute Gala celebrating the “China: Through the Looking Glass” exhibition, 2015. Ashley on the left; Mary-Kate on the right, at 28.Photo: By Billy Farrell/BFA.com/REX/Shutterstock. PreviousNext At the 12th Annual Video Software Dealers Association Convention and Expo, 1993. In matching denim overall dresses and bandana hair ties at age 7, back when it was much harder to tell the twins—who are fraternal—apart. By Ron Galella, Ltd./WireImage/Getty Images. At the premiere of It Takes Two, 1995. They were still hard to tell apart at the age of 9, although the twins at least started changing their looks by wearing the same outfit in different colors. By Ron Galella, Ltd./WireImage/Getty Images. At the premiere of Alaska, 1996. In the most '90s tween look that has ever existed on the left, and the most Diane Keaton tween look that has ever existed on the right. Still difficult to tell apart at 10. From The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images. At the premiere of Spice World, 1998. Already looking like tiny C.E.O.s at the age of 11. By Jim Smeal/WireImage/Getty Images. At the premiere of Anna and the King, 1999. These hairstyles were pretty much the Rachel for 13-year-olds that year. By Jim Smeal/WireImage/Getty Images. At the premiere of Charlie’s Angels: Full Throttle, 2003. One of the last times we would ever see them in bright colors and prints, age 17. Mary-Kate is on the left; Ashley is on the right. By Albert L. Ortega/WireImage/Getty Images. Receiving a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, 2004. Mary-Kate and Ashley earned a star on the Walk of Fame when they were only 17. By Vince Bucci/Getty Images. At the amfAR Cinema Against AIDS Gala, 2005. Ashley is on the left; Mary-Kate is on the right. Seen here at age 20 in France. By Tony Barson/WireImage/Getty Images. At the Elle Style Awards, 2010. Ashley had a pop of color on her train, while Mary-Kate wore her signature black when the twins attended the awards in London when they were 23. By Gareth Davies/Getty Images. At a Metropolitan Opera Gala, 2011. Settling into their signature style—large, dark garments that almost engulf their small frames and dark glasses—at 24 with Ashley on the left and Mary-Kate on the right. By Charles Eshelman/FilmMagic/Getty Images. At the Costume Institute Gala celebrating the “Punk: Chaos to Couture” exhibition, 2013. Ashley on the left; Mary-Kate on the right. Age 26. By Billy Farrell/BFANYC.com/REX/Shutterstock. At the Costume Institute Gala celebrating the “Charles James: Beyond Fashion” exhibition, 2014. Mary-Kate on the left; Ashley on the right, at 27. By George Pimentel/WireImage/Getty Images. At the Costume Institute Gala celebrating the “China: Through the Looking Glass” exhibition, 2015. Ashley on the left; Mary-Kate on the right, at 28. By Billy Farrell/BFA.com/REX/Shutterstock. Share Email Facebook Twitter YOU MIGHT LIKE Mary-Kate Olsen and Olivier Sarkozy’s Wedding Featured “Bowls Filled with Cigarettes”Vanity Fair Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Renounce ActingVanity Fair At Sea with Mary-Kate and Ashley, and 200 Other Olsen Super-FansVanity Fair Hollywood Marriages Time Has ForgottenVanity Fair Scarlett Johansson Finds Ivanka Trump’s Words “Particularly Disappointing”Vanity Fair Kate Middleton’s Style: The Elements of Her Trademark LooksVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATEDSEEK Mary-Kate Olsen and Olivier Sarkozy’s Wedding Featured “Bowls Filled with Cigarettes”BY RACHEL HANDLER Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Renounce ActingBY JULIE MILLER SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL RAD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Among Thursday's Worst Stocks >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > Sell Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Stock Before It’s Too Late BBBY stock is jumping on better-than-expected Q4 numbers, but Wall Street is ignoring the long-term trend Apr 6, 2017, 1:55 pm EDT  |  By Luke Lango, InvestorPlace Contributor Get AMZN alerts: Submit     Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (NASDAQ:BBBY) headed higher on Thursday after the company beat expectations for its fourth-quarter earnings. However, today’s rally in BBBY stock feels like a dead-cat bounce back to where shares traded just a week ago. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr While the headline numbers beat, the trend is down, and Bed Bath’s current attractive multiple will go nowhere but up. I think the right move is to fade the rally here. What’s Wrong With Bed Bath? The headline numbers: Bed Bath’s Q4 revenues climbed from $3.4 billion a year ago to $3.5 billion, matching estimates. Meanwhile, the bottom line shrunk from $1.91 per share in Q4 2015 to $1.84 per share — but that was still enough to beat expectations for $1.77 per share. The market is focused on Bed Bath & Beyond’s top-line story, which is gaining momentum. Comparable-store sales were up 0.4% in the quarter, ending a multi-quarter streak of negative comps. Actual brick-and-mortar sales are still weak, but strength in the digital channel is finally outweighing store declines. The positive comp trend from Q4 is expected to continue. Management guided for Bed Bath & Beyond to comp positive next year. Sales are expected to grow in the low- to mid-single-digit range. For a depressed retailer like BBBY, that’s great, and the stock is responding positively. But the market is missing the fact that the resurgent top-line story is being fueled by high spend. Digital sales are soaring. Some of that growth, though, is a result of BBBY sweetening the pie for consumers on the shipping front. Competing with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on free shipping perks is tough to do, but BBBY has tried its best. This is driving digital sales growth, but it’s also forcing Bed Bath & Beyond to absorb higher DTC shipping expenses. That is weighing on gross margins, which compressed 600 basis points in Q4 and are expected to continue to deleverage next year. Bed Bath & Beyond is also spending more on advertising to drive sales growth. Meanwhile, wages are rising. Together, advertising ramp and wage hikes are driving the SG&A rate significantly higher. BBBY management expects this SG&A deleveraging to continue next year. What was a 26.5% SG&A rate in 2015 is moving ever closer to 30%. All together, margins are compressing at a rapid rate. Although sales were up 3.4% in the quarter, diluted EPS was down 3.7%. A lot of that was actually driven by aggressive share buybacks. Excluding those buybacks, net income fell 11.5% year-over-year. With BBBY, then, investors are looking at this huge disconnect between 3.4% sales growth and an 11.5% decline in net income. This disconnect will only widen next year. Sales are projected to be up at a similar rate, and EPS is projected to be down as much as 10%. Bottom Line on BBBY Stock As an investor, though, I always look at the value. Bed Bath stock trades at 8.5 times trailing earnings, which is cheap at first glance. But that $4.58 in trailing-12-month EPS is expected to compress by as much as 10% next year. Say that happens, and earnings come in next year around $4.10. If BBBY stock stays sideways for 12 months at $39, the trailing price-to-earnings multiple would be 9.5. It’s not bad, but it’s not grand — especially considering the company’s bottom line is contracting. I don’t see Bed Bath turning things around. Shipping perks and higher ad spend are driving sales growth. Management will continue to have to absorb higher costs in those areas to maintain a steady top line. At the end of the day, revenues will grow slowly and margins will compress rapidly. That isn’t a good combo. I say fade the rally, and look for better value elsewhere. As of this writing, Luke Lango did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/sell-bed-bath-and-beyond-inc-bbby-stock-before-its-too-late/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Twitter Threatens Major Breakdown The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees Online Privacy Repeal: 2 Winners, 2 Losers It’s Time Tesla Stock Bulls Act Humble iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees 2 Winners, 2 Losers From Trump’s Online Privacy Repeal It’s Time Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Bulls Act Humble GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Is All Downside From Here Most Popular 10 Under-the-Radar Stocks to Buy Now for Explosive Upside 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Don’t Spend a Penny on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Could Ford Motor Company (F) Buy Tesla Inc (TSLA)? 11 A-Plus Stocks That Are on Bernstein’s ‘Buy List’ Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Problem Solvers 4 Our Veterans Local Hot Spots Community Traffic Sports Weather 37° 37° Low 38° High 44° Fri 34° 51° Sat 34° 63° Sun 51° 78° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Court docs: Lynn truck driver arrested after trying to arrange sex with 15-year-old girl Posted 2:04 pm, April 6, 2017, by CBS4 Web Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Lance Parsons × Court docs: Lynn truck driver arrested after trying to arrange sex with 15-year-old girl Lance Parsons RANDOLPH COUNTY, Ind.– Police arrested a truck driver accused of trying to meet up with a 15-year-old girl to have sex. Lance Parsons, 41, is facing charges of child solicitation and attempted sexual misconduct with a minor. Court documents say he solicited the sex through an exchange online. The 15-year-old girl Parsons thought he was speaking with was actually a Randolph County Sheriff’s deputy. Parsons pulled his semi into the parking lot of a Walmart in Winchester Tuesday evening, thinking he was going to meet the teen. Officers were there and put him in custody. During an interview with police, Parsons said he knew he was there “probably for talking to the young female,” according to court documents. He said he felt lured into the situation and that he was only stopping at the Walmart to use the restroom. Filed in: Crime, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Delphi investigation: Latest information and timeline in the case of two murdered teens Click here to see our coverage of the case of two Delphi teenagers who were killed and what investigators are doing to find the killer. Popular US blasts Syrian air base with cruise missiles in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack More than 320 Family Dollar stores to close nationwide, including 5 in Indiana South Bend woman’s hilarious prank on husband goes viral Owner of Delphi murder site admits to driving to county dump on day of girls’ killings Latest News Honda recalls Accords in America to check replaced air bags Indianapolis man pleads for witness to step forward following shooting that left him paralyzed Woman’s landlord finally fixes missing smoke alarms UPDATE: Gas line fire in Alexandria extinguished; house-to-house inspections underway Crime News Ben Davis teacher had sex with student in hotels 22 times, court docs say Crime News Aunt of severely malnourished Anderson teen girl found guilty on all counts Crime News Court docs: Anderson man forced 11-year-old girl to have sex multiple times Crime News Former Crawfordsville coach arrested, accused of having sex with students Crime News Randolph County man accused of pointing gun at officer arrested News Armed Tennessee dad confronts sex offender at daughter’s bedroom window, police say Crime News Judge: Trial of man accused of killing teacher will stay in Lafayette Crime News Three charged in abduction, rape at Castleton hotel; juvenile suspect claims he ‘often hears voices’ Crime News Feds: Indiana man wanted in molestation case avoided capture for nearly 2 decades, lived under an assumed name Crime News Drug task force arrests teen linked to heroin overdoses in Bartholomew County Crime News Court docs: Suspect charged with murder after man shot ‘execution-style’ in Delaware County field News Officers bust several Hendricks County sex offenders for probation violations News Henry County couple arrested for beating, holding teenager captive Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Target’s losses from anti-LGBT boycott ‘too insignificant to report’ · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans US Target’s losses from anti-LGBT boycott ‘too insignificant to report’ Nick Duffy, PinkNews 6th April 2017, 6:56 PM (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images) Target’s losses from an anti-LGBT boycott against the brand were apparently too insignificant to report to investors, despite the chain’s financial woes. More than a million people joined an online ‘boycott’ of the superstore in 2016 led by the extreme anti-LGBT American Family Association after Target confirmed that transgender people would not be discriminated against by store policies. Target had confirmed online that it “welcomes transgender team members and guests to use the restroom or fitting room facility that corresponds with their gender identity”. The action led to a string of homophobic and transphobic incidents in Target stores – included a woman who waved a Bible while warning customers “the devil will rape your children”, a man screaming about against homosexual “abominations”, and an incident that sparked an ‘active shooter’ lockdown. But one thing the protests might not have impacted is the superstore’s bottom line. Though its sales have been on the slide in recent years thanks to competition from Amazon and other shopping giants, insiders within the company have pretty much dismissed the potential impact of the boycott as a source of its financial woes. According to an insider piece in the Wall Street Journal, execs at the company continue to insist that “any lost sales from the boycott weren’t significant enough to require reporting to investors”, despite a decline in shoppers in some markets, particularly Southern states. The article reports that consumer research indicates Target’s shoppers are largely liberal or moderate on social issues; and that many of those who supported the online boycott petition still shop there. One initial boycotter, Mari Arnett, explained: “I tried not to go there, but it’s hard when you like the store. I just don’t care too much for Wal-Mart.” The WSJ piece also reveals there was a sense of confusion at the top of the organisation over the boycott, which arose over standard LGBT policies in place at most major retailers. Target’s policies had been in place for a number of years. Sources told the outlet that execs were “perplexed that they were pilloried for a policy common to retailers”. CEO Brian Cornell resisted pressure to change course despite the flood of negative publicity, though he reportedly “felt very stuck” and lamented the decision to publish details of the policy online. The chain has since amended guidelines to ensure that “public pronouncements on hot-button issues” require the CEO’s consent. The American Family Association claimed the report as a ‘victory’. AFA President Tim Wildmon wrote: “Since the boycott started, Target’s stock has lost 35% of its value, and shuttered plans for major expansion projects. “Together we are making an unprecedented financial impact on a corporation whose policy is to allow men to use women’s restrooms and dressing rooms. “Target’s decision is unacceptable for families, and their dangerous and misguided policy continues to put women and children in harm’s way.” He added: “It is urgent the Target boycott reach 1.5 million signers by the end of April. At that point, I will personally return to Minneapolis with an additional 500,000 names. “I will then discuss how Target can invite 1.5 million AFA supporters back to their stores by having a common sense bathroom and dressing room policy that links use of these rooms to a person’s biological sex.” Target continues to insist it wants to “make our guests and team members feel accepted, respected and welcomed”, but acknowledges: “We know our guests have many different points of view on this topic and we respect that.” Related: Target invests $20 million to introduce single-stall bathrooms at all sites 21 reader comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous story Vladimir Putin is trying to ban people from sharing these 11 images of him Next story MTV to adopt gender-neutral category titles for its awards show More like this Target invests $20 million to introduce single-stall bathrooms at all sites Bomb set off in a Target women’s bathroom amid trans ‘boycott’ Anti-LGBT groups will disrupt Target shareholder meeting over trans policy Franklin Graham claims Target’s market slump is because of trans people Transphobic ‘family’ group launch bizarre, anti-trans music video aimed at Target (VIDEO) This cis woman experienced transphobia in a Target bathroom and she was shaken to the core (VIDEO) VIDEO: Woman marches through Target saying ‘the devil will rape your children’ because of its bathroom policy Dear 1.2 million transphobic boycotters: Target doesn’t want your business More: LGBT Trans Transgender video target shop store shareholder Trending Trending Now Vatican welcomes world's only gay leader and his husband to meet the Pope RuPaul star Adore Delano sues for $3.5m This ad was apparently 'too gay for TV' Target's losses from anti-LGBT boycott 'too insignificant to report' Trending Vatican welcomes world’s only gay leader and his husband to meet the Pope RuPaul star Adore Delano sues for $3.5 million This ad was apparently ‘too gay for TV’ Target’s losses from anti-LGBT boycott ‘too insignificant to report’ Latest stories Tasmania introduces legislation to wipe out historic gay sex convictions Puerto Rico sued to allow trans people to legally change gender on birth certificates European Court puts an end to forced sterilisation for trans people Teen at centre of key trans bathroom lawsuit slams Trump administration at Congress Nebraska bill would protect LGBT workers against discrimination Homophobic TV host wants to nuke China © 2017 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Philippines President Duterte Orders Troops to Occupy South China Sea “Islands” - 04/07/2017 - Yves Smith US Launches Airstrikes Against Syria (Updated) - 04/06/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/6/2017 - 04/06/2017 - Lambert Strether Globalization and the End of the Labor Aristocracy, Part 1 - 04/06/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/6/17 - 04/06/2017 - Yves Smith Amazon Discovers the High Cost of Being Poor - 04/06/2017 - Clive The Conversation About Basic Income is a Mess. Here’s How to Make Sense of It. - 04/06/2017 - Yves Smith Small California Towns Are Facing Off Against Oil Companies — And Winning - 04/06/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/5/2017 - 04/05/2017 - Lambert Strether 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/6/2017 Posted on April 6, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “Canadian Ambassador to the United States David MacNaughton says officials in Ottawa are approaching a proposed renegotiation of NAFTA with a positive attitude rather than a confrontational one and are looking forward to modernizing the pact — but that doesn’t mean they’re going to let President Donald Trump and the new administration get everything they want” [Politico]. “As for their own demands, Canadian officials are focused less on issues of leverage and more on areas where both sides can benefit, MacNaughton said. ‘It’s not a matter of figuring out how one can get the better of the other, because our economies are so integrated that we’re focused in on things that will benefit us both, like freer movement of labor,’ [MacNaughton] said.” “[F]reer movement of labor”? “Can Trump Match Xi Jinping’s Game?” [The New Yorker]. “Not in Beijing’s wildest dreams did they imagine a counterpart with Kushner’s characteristics: trusted by the President, overworked, and undertrained…. China has not assigned a novice to handle the world’s most complex bilateral relationship, but it will not object if America is inclined to do so.” Politics Syraqistan Trump should talk to this guy: What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval. &mdash; Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 29, 2013 “America can’t save Syria. And it shouldn’t try” [The Week]. “[W]e know very little about what is actually happening in Syria. We are at the mercy of propagandists just to get basic information.” “How Does Media Know What Happened In Syria Chemical Attack?” [ShadowProof]. A look at the sourcing. “The truth is hard to come by because both the Syrian regime and several of the militant groups involved in the opposition have records of spreading propaganda and manipulating facts. It is up to the press to be more careful in scrutinizing information so the country does not become further destroyed by the deployment of more military forces, even if those forces are supposedly humanitarian.” “Washington’s Supreme Hypocrisy on Chemical Weapons and Civilian Deaths” [Informed Comment]. “The use of chemical weapons by the Syrian Army in Idlib is an atrocity and the pictures of dead children tug at the heart. But the outrage of American politicians inside the beltway about it draws on the myths of American exceptionalism and Alzheimer’s of the political memory. It is also very suspicious in that the loudest voices of sympathy are the ones closest to the US military industrial complex, which has been regretting the missed opportunity of a Syria War.” But in Yemen and Mosul and whereever drones strike, dead children are jake with the angels. “WMDs In The UNSC – History Repeats Itself, First As Tragedy, Second As Farce” [Moon of Alabama]. It’s deja vu all over again… “With each passing day our new president is discovering that every big problem he faces is like Obamacare — if there were a good, easy solution it would have been found already, and even the less good solutions are more than his own party is ready to pay for or the country is ready to tolerate” [Thomas Friedman, New York Times]. “Would have been found already…” Like single payer? Anyhow, lest we forget: May 29, 2003. And Friedman still has a job! New Cold War “House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) temporarily recused himself Thursday from all matters related to the committee’s ongoing probe into Russian interference in the presidential election, as House investigators look into ethics charges against him” [WaPo]. Trump Transition “Senate Republicans go ‘nuclear,’ pave the way for Gorsuch confirmation to Supreme Court” [WaPo]. Of course, if the Democrats had used the “nuclear option” to pass Medicare for All in 2009, they’d have an FDR-style lock on the electorate right now. But n-o-o-o-o-o. It took Harry Reid until 2013 to touch the filibuster, and that was for judicial nominations, too. Use it or lose it, Democrats. 2020 “Joe Biden Is Writing a Book About the Year His Son Beau Died” [Time]. 2016 Post Mortem “Hillary Clinton’s Fashion Model Nephew Knows How to Strike a Pose” [Time]. Realignment and Legitimacy “Exclusive Interview: Nina Turner on the Ongoing Fight for the Populace” [Progressive Army]. UPDATE “Ignoring The People – Where The Left Of The Aisle Side Fails” [Moon of Alabama]. “Since the election the U.S. Democrats have been outraged over Trump and obsessed by “Putin did it” conspiracy theories. What they did not do was to assess why the Clinton campaign failed, why the party has lost seats all over the country over the last eight years and why the formerly core Democratic constituency voted for Trump. The reason for that are straightforward and simple. Trump promised jobs, less globalization, less war and less obsession with social matters of marginal interest. Stuff that workers outside of the coastal cities like. The Clinton campaign was mealy mouthed on policies except for some special peoples’ “right” of using the other genders toilet facilities. Her campaign was solely built on bashing Trump and it failed.” “Democrats are still ignoring the people who could have helped them defeat Trump, Ohio party leaders say” [WaPo]. That’s not a bug, it’s a feature. More from Mahoning County. “My Most Unpopular Idea: Be Nice to Trump Voters” [Nicholas Kristof, New York Times]. Plenty of eliminationist rhetoric from liberal goodthinkers. 2016 was wonderfully clarifying, as I keep saying. “Georgia Democrat Jon Ossoff Raises $8.3M: [Roll Call]. “95 percent of first quarter donations came from out of state.” “The Resistance Didn’t Turn Out Many Votes in LA’s First Post-Trump Primary” [Fusion]. But apparently turnout was low across the board; nobody did well, including the Berniecrats. “Greens, GOP team up to sue Democrats” [Metro (JE)]. Not a good look, IMNSHO. IIRC, PA Greens took Republican constributions, which New York’s Ursula Rozum was smart enough not to do. “Paul Ryan Eager to Talk About Taxes, ‘Hillbilly Elegy'” [Roll Call]. Ryan needs to find his own woods to wander around in. And notice the J.D. Vance “Hillbilly Elegy” love. I don’t think Paul Ryan’s going to be name-checking Chris Arnade anytime soon. Stats Watch Jobless Claims, week of April 1, 2017: Below consensus [Econoday]. “A last look at the labor market before tomorrow’s employment report is very positive.” And: After two successive weeks above 250,000 which created some speculation that the jobs market could be cooling slightly, the latest data will reinforce confidence in the labour market. The evidence still suggests that companies are reluctant to shed staff, especially in view of skills shortages” [Economic Calendar]. And so: “Conclusion: None of the indicators alone is very good at predicting the initial BLS employment report. The ADP report suggests another strong report, however the ISM surveys suggest weaker job growth. Weekly unemployment claims suggest weaker job growth, and the weather impact appears to be negative. I’ll break with my recent ‘over’ picks, and take the ‘under’ for March” [Calculated Risk]. Challenger Job-Cut Report, March 2017: “in line with trend and points to stable conditions in the labor market ahead of tomorrow’s employment report” [Econoday]. And but: “Job cuts announced by US-based employers rose 17 percent from the February total of 36,957 to 43,310 in March” [Econintersect]. Gallup Good Jobs Rate, March 2017: “at its highest point since November 2016” [Econoday]. Chain Store Sales, March 2017: “Chain stores are reporting mostly weaker rates of year-on-year sales in March than in February which is a negative indication for the ex-auto ex-gas reading of the monthly retail sales report” [Econoday]. “Heavy weather and delays in this year’s tax refunds are negative factors for March.” Bloomberg Consumer Comfort Index, week of April 2, 2017: “Recovered 5 tenths of the prior week’s 1.6 percentage point fall that followed the Trump administration’s unsuccessful effort to repeal Obamacare” [Econoday]. “The index is near the best levels of the 7-1/2 year expansion.” Expansion? Huh? Is that like a recovery? Real Estate: “Black Knight Financial Services reported that in Q4 of 2016 44 percent of refinances were cash-outs” [Dr. Housing Bubble]. “This percentage was the highest level of cash-outs in the last eight years. What was happening eight years ago? The housing market was imploding in epic fashion and nearly 8 million people lost their homes to foreclosure.” Retail: “Costco Wholesale Corp. COST +1.45% admits to being slow to embrace online sales, but anyone who has shipped a one-gallon jug of mayonnaise can understand why” [Wall Street Journal]. “The wholesaling giant is taking a contrarian stance on e-commerce… Costco’s measured stance is backed by strong store sales that come even as many brick-and-mortar chains falter, and by the tough financial equation that online sales bring to its business. Shipping the hefty-size goods that consumers buy from Costco in bulk could eat into profit margins that are already low for most household staples—particularly as carriers move to charge by dimension as well as weight.” Retail: “In a filing that details steep losses and plans to close some 400 stores, the largest footwear chain in the U.S. says its troubles in a changing retail market worsened in 2015. It says the labor dispute that backed up cargo flows kept the company from stocking its shelves during the crucial Easter selling season. By the time delayed inventory arrived, Payless had to sell the shoes at a deep discount ‘in order to realign inventory and product mix.’ That left the company without the cash it needed to respond to the growing dominance of e-commerce in consumer market” [Wall Street Journal]. Commodities: “For example, the Financial Times reported that seaborne oil tanker traffic is down this year by 16 percent, a sign that the OPEC cuts are showing up at sea. Not all oil is traded at sea, obviously – some is shipped via pipeline or moved directly from the wellhead to refineries, processing facilities or storage. But such a drop off in the volume of oil moved at sea suggests that the supply cuts are being felt in the market” [OilPrice.com]. Shipping: “US authorities are warning shipowners to alter course in the North Atlantic due to an unseasonal peak in the number of icebergs spotted in the area” [Splash247]. “The US Coast Guard’s International Ice Patrol – established in the wake of the sinking of the Titanic – has warned the number of icebergs in the main shipping lanes of the North Atlantic has spiked from 37 last week to around 450 this week. Normally in early April there is an average of 80 icebergs in the region. Ships near the Newfoundland coast have had to slow down to 3 or 4 knots and many transatlantic vessels are rerouting, some adding an extra 36 hours detour in to their voyages to avoid the sudden spread of ice seen in the ocean.” Shipping: “Container lines have come under fire from European shippers claiming the capacity crisis on eastbound exports has resulted in lost contracts and sales” [The Loadstar]. Again, consolidation (cartelization) plus the overcapacity from stupid money to the shipbreakers. Supply Chain: “DHL Supply Chain, the contract logistics arm of Deutsche Post DHL Group, said today it will begin testing the use of so-called collaborative robots, designed to work with human warehouse and DC workers, for an unidentified customer in the life sciences sector” [DC Velocity]. “The 10 robots, called “LocusBots” after their creator, Wilmington, Mass.-based Locus Robotics, will be tested as a picker companion for piece-picking order fulfillment in the warehouse, located in Memphis. During the two-month test period, the so-called cobots will identify and transport pick items so DHL Supply Chain’s pickers don’t have to push carts or carry bins, said the company, which is based in Columbus, Ohio.” So even the warehouse jobs are going away? Supply Chain: “[Amazon] is taking a big stake in fuel-cell maker Plug Power Inc. that could make it one of the largest shareholders in a company that helps power material-handling equipment” [Wall Street Journal]. “Plug Power is a relatively small operation, generating $85.9 million in revenue last year and no annual profits in its 20 years of existence… Plug Power’s biggest customer last year was Amazon’s top rival in the retail business, Wal-Mart Stores Inc.” Honey for the Bears: “The International Chamber of Commerce 2016 Global Survey on Trade Finance, published in December, reports that a growing number of banks are concerned about their ability to finance international trade. In the survey, 61% of the 357 respondents – national, regional and global banks with trade finance functions from 109 countries – reported a global shortage of trade finance. This is a sharp change on earlier years and is connected to the collapse in commodity prices, but the health of the banks is a factor, too” [Splash 247]. “I don’t need to tell you – no Letter of Credit means no Bill of Lading. We last saw this back in the Asian crisis of 1997. This time – not just Southeast Asia.” The Fed: “Overall, the minutes cast little light on the potential for a further rate hike at the June meeting which limited the overall impact. Clearly inflation indicators over the next two months will be a crucial factor in determining the balance of power within the FOMC” [Economic Calendar]. The Fed: “Lots To Chew On In The FOMC Minutes” [Tim Duy’s Fed Watch]. “Fed officials aren’t growing nervous about just equities. They are seeing high prices across a wide range of risky assets. If it was just one asset class, they might conclude that it doesn’t pose systemic risk for the US economy. Or they might conclude that macro prudential policies were sufficient to maintain financial stability. But a wide range of assets might require a more blunt tool – like higher rates. Another space to watch. Where this space gets messy is the tendency of equity prices to remain high even as the Fed tightens – a pattern which may induce the Fed to tighten much more aggressively than they should. Bottom Line: The Fed clearly anticipates more tightening, likely at a pace of one action per quarter between interest rates and balance sheet.” The Fed: “It appears that the FOMC finally began to consider seriously how and when to begin working down the balance sheet in March. No final decisions were reached, but a number of things were discussed and debated. The Committee began by reaffirming the 2014 framework, namely that reductions in the Fed’s holdings should be “gradual and predictable,” and “accomplished primarily by phasing out reinvestments of principal received from those holdings.” In other words, no outright sales (at least not early on)” [Amherst Pierpont Morgan, Across the Curve]. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 46 Neutral (previous close: 47, Neutral) [CNN]. One week ago: 29 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Apr 3 at 5:30pm. Health Care “Conyers: Medicare for All’s time has come” [Detroit Free Press]. Conyers: “For years, I’ve also watched as Democrats, including our presidential nominee last year, have avoided putting their name behind single payer by saying they’re focused on politically achievable short-term goals. Single payer is politically achievable.” Plus a nice shout-out to Jessi Bohan. It would sure be nice if conflicts between HR676 and Sanders’ forthcoming bill don’t turn into a trainwreck. Class Warfare “[David Rockefeller} was proud to be part of the so-called “secret cabal” that wanted a more integrated global structure, with America at the head of it. This was both in the country’s interest, and its moral obligation. At the Council on Foreign Relations, at Bilderberg meetings, or on the Trilateral Commission which he founded in 1973, he relished discussing world affairs with people of equal quality and influence from North America, Europe and Asia. Their exclusiveness led many people to think these talking shops sinister, or an undisclosed tunnel to power. He found them just an invaluable way of linking the likeminded” [The Economist]. Help me: Programs do, importantly, often expand our collective notion of what&#39;s possible. Think the Panthers Free Breakfast Program. Charter Schools. &mdash; deray mckesson (@deray) January 30, 2015 News of the Wired “Apple iPad (2017) review: the best feature is the price” [The Verge]. Running gag: “It’s an iPad!” In other words, a device to consume content… “Hieronymus Bosch action figures are the greatest thing from any dimension” [Ars Technica]. I probably should have filed this under Politics… “F*ck You And Die: An Oral History of Something Awful” [Motherboard]. This too… And then there’s the wonderful world of advertising: PEPSI: we&#39;re gonna make the most offensive ad NIVEA: lol nice try n00b. check this out SONY: hold my beer, bitches pic.twitter.com/sK3QdfvTRL &mdash; KRANG T. NELSON (@KrangTNelson) April 5, 2017 And I’ve got to give Yglesias kudos for this subtweet (courageous in today’s climate): Here’s Brezhnev at the Soviet Pepsi factory. pic.twitter.com/DHXub77uUW &mdash; Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) April 5, 2017 * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (via): “Metrosideros polymorpha, or ʻōhiʻa lehua (sometimes simply the lehua tree or ʻōhiʻa), is the most abundant native tree species on the six largest Hawaiian islands.” And being attacked by a fungus, sadly. Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00000 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on April 6, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Globalization and the End of the Labor Aristocracy, Part 1 US Launches Airstrikes Against Syria (Updated) → Subscribe to Post Comments 108 comments jo6pac April 6, 2017 at 2:12 pm You can buy most COSCO goods on-line from Amazon or Jet. Demodogs just installed a new supreme that will make still dead Joey S look like a lefty. They wonder why no one what to vote for them. Reply ↓ Montanamaven April 6, 2017 at 3:00 pm Costco as opposed to COSCO is not only quality food but it also is an “experience”. It is a “club” insofar as you need a membership. But as opposed to Walmart’s “Sam’s Club”, it really feels like a club. You meet neighbors there. And while you are at the sample tables, people talk to each other. People come up to you and ask if you’ve tried this wine or that cheese. The atmosphere is generated from the friendly card checkers at the door to the floor samplers (who also keep an eye out for thievery, I guess) to the checkout cashiers who know you. “Hi, how’s things in Big Timber? Lots of you folks in today”. “Yes, it’s the first break in the weather we’ve had.” And as you exit, this one lady always admires the bouquet of flowers I get. And the wine selection is first rate. Their $8 Kirkland Chardonnay was recommended to me by a friend who is quite the connasiur. Reply ↓ River April 6, 2017 at 8:00 pm Worked doing the samples. We never kept an eye for thievery. Also, we didn’t work for Costco but were subcontractors. While Costco treats their workers well, the company I worked for as a food demonstrator treated us like crap. The mentality was “if you quit, there will be someone to take your place.”. Even to the point where we were denied floor mats, or to be more accurate they were thrown out and not replaced leaving a shortage. Standing in one spot for 8 hours on concrete, not fun! Reply ↓ Kokuanani April 6, 2017 at 6:28 pm Doing so would support Amazon, which I refuse to do. Same brand of devil as WalMart. I hate ’em both. Reply ↓ Vatch April 6, 2017 at 2:17 pm We don’t know who is responsible for the Syrian poison gas attack. But we do know who is responsible for the use of poisonous substances in agriculture: Big Ag, Big Chem, and Scott Pruitt. Reply ↓ nycTerrierist April 6, 2017 at 2:22 pm +++++ and it happens every single day. Reply ↓ Fox Blew April 6, 2017 at 2:43 pm Paging Seymour Hersh… Reply ↓ IDontKnow April 6, 2017 at 8:26 pm Don’t hold your breath… It’s damn dangerous to go after people with money and no oversight. https://pando.com/2015/05/28/seymour-hersh-and-the-dangers-of-corporate-muckraking/ In its original meaning, “muckraking journalism” was all about exposing the awful power that corporations, trusts, and monopolies exercised over people and the broader public interest. So why doesn’t Seymour Hersh, considered the premiere “muckraker” of the past few decades, turn his fearless muckraking guns on private corporate power? Read the link if you really want to understand Capitalism. Reply ↓ different clue April 6, 2017 at 6:40 pm Fairly far down the thread of this SST posting are some comments addressing that “who diddit” issue. http://turcopolier.typepad.com/sic_semper_tyrannis/2017/04/i-told-you-so-idlib-province.html And Colonel Lang sees the DC FedRegime Establishment working towards serious US attacks against Syria in the next few days unless somehow stopped. http://turcopolier.typepad.com/sic_semper_tyrannis/2017/04/us-intervention-in-syria-is-imminent.html Trump is being Clintonized even as we watch and is about to bring us the Clinton War which I voted against Clinton to avoid. Reply ↓ marym April 6, 2017 at 8:13 pm https://twitter.com/CNN/status/850w124602886037505 Hillary Clinton calls on the US to take out Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad’s air fields Tweet links to a CNN story too, but too slow to load. She was giving a speech. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 6, 2017 at 8:53 pm How relaxing it must be for her to get exactly the policy prescriptions she wants without the bother doing the rest of the job. If she and Bill can figure out a way to keep the grift going by delivering even without formal power, they are in like Flynn. I am at a loss for how this helps the Democratic Party, though. If the general population gets the War Fever the media is promoting, won’t they back the Republicans as the war party in power? If the population resists war fever, why would they vote for the Democrats who have so ardently cheerleaded for it? Won’t they just sit out again, in greater numbers? I iz confused. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 6, 2017 at 2:32 pm “[F]reer movement of labor”? Unlike the EU or even Mercosur in South America, NAFTA did not liberalize migration between the US, Canada and Mexico at all. Without sponsorship from a Canadian company for an employment visa, a USian can’t just accept a job in the Great North. Why should that be? Imagine what a fractured mess the US economy would be if you had to apply for a residency permit to move from (say) New York to Florida. Very oddly, the US unemployment benefit system does not treat Americans as being out of the country — and thus not looking for work, and not qualified for unemployment pay — when they are in Canada. The system monitors where you log on from, and will suspend your UI benefits for foreign [ex Canada] travel. But in reality, bureaucratic immigration barriers make it quite unlikely for Americans to find jobs north of the border. Notoriously provincial and protective Canada will have to ease up, if their citizens expect to receive reciprocal employment privileges in the US. Plus a reciprocal US-Canadian social security crediting system would be needed. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 6, 2017 at 9:01 pm You know they’re not even contemplating that. “Free movement of labor” will mean that Canadians can take lower wages for work in America than an debt-burdened American can manage, while still getting their Canadian health care, which is good for multinational companies operating in the US. In return, the US will make sure its citizens can’t escape to Canada and burden the Canadian system. Win/win, from the companies’ point of view. They get cheap labor, and they aren’t paying anything for the other side of the deal. What’s your wager against the first part proving out? Reply ↓ Al Sera April 7, 2017 at 12:12 am My own experience working for a US company via NAFTA labor provisions: 1. Get a job offer in a NAFTA-approved category (HR well aware of these in the US) 2. At the US border, declare that I’m going to the US to work on a NAFTA visa (no previous preparation needed) 3. Go to secondary screening, where the guy reads my job offer, gives me a visa, processing time about 5 minutes. Integration with social security systems would be a big plus, but the system already works quite nicely on its own. Reply ↓ LT April 6, 2017 at 2:43 pm They’ll recycle the same stories, little variation needed for this war culture (from top to bottom), to go into Iran. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 6, 2017 at 2:44 pm Thomas Friedman —— The Wise Moustache Speaks #1: The World Trade Center was like a great pink wad of bubblegum. The Muslim community chewed it, chewed it like a solitary cow chews it’s cud in America’s Homeland, then blew and blew like a big bad wolf and the World Trade Center popped, like a bubble exploding into pink American mist. The Wise Moustache Speaks #2: When I try and think of a metaphor to describe then udder impossibility of “single payer” in America, Medicare most certainly does not come to mind. Reply ↓ optimader April 6, 2017 at 4:06 pm The World Trade Center was like a great pink wad of bubblegum…… Don’t do the Brown Acid! Don’t do the Brown Acid! With each passing day our new president is discovering that every big problem he faces is like Obamacare.. So am I reading he thinks Obamacare is a FUBAR big problem? if there were a good, easy solution it would have been found already.. Let me finish that sentence. “.. and promptly dispatched to a dark hole because our legislators prefer obscure, opaque & complicated solutions that offer the most opportunity for graft” Like GWB looking for WMD in the oval office. Reply ↓ Archangel April 6, 2017 at 2:44 pm “Senate Republicans go ‘nuclear,’ pave the way for Gorsuch confirmation to Supreme Court” [WaPo]. Of course, if the Democrats had used the “nuclear option” to pass Medicare for All in 2009, they’d have an FDR-style lock on the electorate right now. But n-o-o-o-o-o. It took Harry Reid until 2013 to touch the filibuster, and that was for judicial nominations, too. Use it or lose it, Democrats. Except that Medicare For All was never considered, even halfheartedly, by Obama and the Democratic establishment. Putting a known medical insurance complex stooge like Montana’s Max Baucus in charge of the committee to craft Obamacare, and excluding single payer advocates from the discussion, heck, even having them arrested, pretty much sealed its fate. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorApril 6, 2017 at 3:01 pm “But n-o-o-o-o-o.” Reply ↓ Darius April 6, 2017 at 3:12 pm Obama and the Democrats didn’t need the nuclear option. They could have used budget reconciliation, which Ryan was going to use to circumvent the filibuster to repeal Obamacare. Republicans always use budget reconciliation. It’s how Bush got his tax cuts. It’s why there is COBRA insurance for the newly unemployed. Clinton used it once for a lame economic program. Obama used it as a last resort to pass Obamacare after dithering for a year trying to get bipartisan support. Democrats generally don’t use budget reconciliation because they don’t have an agenda and it would contradict their cherished narrative of their own powerlessness. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic April 6, 2017 at 3:15 pm They’re all mostly medical insurance complex stooges. Buying congress critters works. You get to write legislation and everything! Money is speech, SCOTUS says so. Reply ↓ Carla April 6, 2017 at 4:02 pm My doctor consulted with Kucinich when K & Conyers were first drafting HR-676, Expanded and Improved Medicare for All. “The bill was first introduced in 2003,[6] when it had 25 cosponsors, and has been reintroduced in each Congress since. During the 2009 health care debates over the bill that became the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, H.R. 676 was expected to be debated and voted upon by the House in September 2009,[7] but was never debated.[8]” — Wikipedia [The bill had 49 cosponsors in 2015. As of March 29, 2017,it has 76 cosponsors.] Reply ↓ Vatch April 6, 2017 at 5:06 pm 93 co-sponsors as of April 6, 2017. All Democrats. Reply ↓ John k April 6, 2017 at 8:42 pm Pretty safe to co sponsor, no way reps would even allow a vote. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 6, 2017 at 9:18 pm And yet neither Adam Schiff nor Brad Sherman, Democratic Congressmen for Southern Californian districts, have co-sponsored. Huh. Reply ↓ clarky90 April 6, 2017 at 4:15 pm Or, Money is “An Entity”, which stalks the land, devouring…….. Reply ↓ cocomaan April 6, 2017 at 4:21 pm Not to mention that I imagine the insurance companies, pharma companies, and related companies vote D. Reply ↓ Tim April 6, 2017 at 2:47 pm “The housing market was imploding in epic fashion and nearly 8 million people lost their homes to foreclosure.” That’s not true. 8 Years ago was 2009. The stock market was imploding but housing bottomed that year. 2006-2007 was peak home price, so we need to know what the cash out refi rate was BEFORE then, if we want to draw parallels to what is going on now. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 6, 2017 at 3:06 pm Calculated Risk and Brad Setzer’s blog were tracking it and it was pretty consistent at around $600 billion (new cash out refis) a year from the early aughts thru 2007. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorApril 6, 2017 at 3:08 pm And after that? Reply ↓ craazyboy April 6, 2017 at 3:24 pm Not real sure, Brad went to work for Obama, and I didn’t see any updates on CR, tho I stopped following CR after the real estate bubble popped – it was his forte. I think I read banks just stopped doing home equity loans, the most common way of leveraging your bubble equity and still live in a mortgaged house – assuming you can still make payments on all of it. Post bubble, 1st mortgages went to 3.5 – 4%, so if you still had equity to cash out, it was/is still better to just get a brand new 1st mortgage. Just my guess. But I haven’t seen any data about what is really going on. They did regrow the bubble most places. Even bigger in CA. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes April 6, 2017 at 5:55 pm This is as of 2015: http://www.marketwatch.com/story/more-homeowners-are-cash-out-refinancing-2015-04-14 http://www.calculatedriskblog.com/2016/11/mba-mortgage-refinance-activity.html Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL April 6, 2017 at 5:45 pm This time around it’s also margin debt, ATH yesterday. We’ve decided that monopoly-issued price-fixed debt-based FAS 157 fantasy-reserved so-called “money” is really okey dokey, with equities as its last remaining distribution channel. Oops except velocity has dropped like a rock, maybe that’s because the main holders of this lovely equity-induced so-called scrip tend to pile it up in the Caymans and Panama and only rarely turn it back into the Benjamins that the serfs need in order to survive. For those with a longer view may I suggest canned food, bottled water, a defensible perimeter, and plenty of ammo. Venezuela, only global this time. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorApril 6, 2017 at 3:06 pm Eights from Q4 of 2016 is Q4 of 2008. It makes sense to me — not an expert in either the crisis or being foreclosed on — that cashing out would happen after the peak? (To put this another way, only the smart or the lucky would have cashed out before the peak.) Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob April 6, 2017 at 3:36 pm Cashing out would likely go way down after the peak – you can’t take cash out if you’re suddenly underwater on your mortgage – but probably not immediately after. The housing market didn’t fail at the same time everywhere – quite likely that a good percentage of people still had some equity in late ’08 and drew on it realizing that the market in their area was likely to crater soon too. Why not? If you know you’re going underwater anyway and are planning on walking away from your home, better to have some cash in hand when you do so. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 6, 2017 at 3:54 pm Actually, if you have some 10s of thousands on hand from a refi, and didn’t spend it all on some other dumb purchase, you could survive being laid off for a couple years and still make your mortgage payment(s) and not lose your house. Then you have bought some time to get another job, or failing that, put the house up for sale in perhaps a firmer market, maybe. So it wasn’t a bad emergency move, if you sensed your job may be at risk. Then, if all went well, you still can still just pay it back into your mortgage and reduce the principal back down, and the interest cost (over the life of the loan) goes down along with the reduction in principal. The transaction does cost fees and points, however. This is known as The 2nd Law of Banking – Entropy. Reply ↓ B1whois April 6, 2017 at 10:57 pm I seem to remember that in California you could only walk away from purchase money loans, not second mortgages. http://www.financialsamurai.com/non-recourse-states-walk-away-from-mortgage/ Reply ↓ Yves Smith April 7, 2017 at 2:57 am Stopped in 2007. The subprime market shut for good in July 2007. Cash out refis last time were overwhelmingly subprime borrowers, either to pay off other debt or to refi to avoid resets (they’d get loans with 2 year teaser rates, forcing them to refi, which meant lots of fees every time to the originators). Reply ↓ Cujo359 April 6, 2017 at 2:58 pm Of course, if the Democrats had used the “nuclear option” to pass Medicare for All in 2009, they’d have an FDR-style lock on the electorate right now. But n-o-o-o-o-o. It took Harry Reid until 2013 to touch the filibuster, and that was for judicial nominations, too. Use it or lose it, Democrats. To say I’m not surprised by this is a colossal understatement. Back in 2009, the Democrats wanted the excuse of “needing sixty votes” so they could justify not doing what we sent them there to do, which was to end the wars, fix the economy for those of us not involved in the finance industry, and provide universal health care. They knew that most of their voters would tolerate this nonsense, counting on them to wag their fingers at anyone who expected more and lecture them on the “realities” of the Senate. Not for a second did I think that the GOP would let those “realities” stop them from getting what they wanted. Belaboring the obvious, again, but some recent comment threads I’ve been involved with here make me think the obvious is difficult for some to comprehend. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 6, 2017 at 3:15 pm There is a moral issue. Everyone knows they are supposed to call their congressmen and senators because the took a civics class and watch “The West Wing,” but how many actually did? Imagine if the people who went to dopey Obama rallies crashed the White House switch board similar to Jon Oliver’s net neutrality efforts against net neutrality. They know the obvious, but the obvious paints them as bad individuals not worthy of being called citizens. Watching Michelle Obama dance on Fallon is a whole lot easier than demanding your local public schools stop paying a football coach so much money while cutting music classes. It takes a few minutes to be a better and more active citizen, but gosh, it’s work. Reply ↓ Deadl E Cheese April 6, 2017 at 4:35 pm Everyone knows they are supposed to call their congressmen and senators because the took a civics class and watch “The West Wing,” but how many actually did? They know the obvious, but the obvious paints them as bad individuals not worthy of being called citizens. In the absence of collective action mobilization, who cares about individual citizen virtue? More hardened and desperate polities, just in the United States even, have tried and failed to overcome material conditions that empower the overclass — which, I’m sorry to say, would involve fighting a majority or even a supermajority of their fellow citizens. Scolding people for not spontaneously organizing into a political force capable of fighting these bastards is a waste of humanity’s time. Reply ↓ John k April 6, 2017 at 8:50 pm Didn’t take 60 votes to avoid invading Libya. Or bombing Yemen. Or spending 1t on new nukes. There are two war parties. Ditto two protecting banks, pharma, fossil, insurance, etc. There are no progressive parties, or any supporting the working class. Go third party or accept Tina. Reply ↓ LT April 6, 2017 at 3:03 pm Re: Nick Kristoff “The Most Unpopular Idea: Be Nice To Trump Voter” Click on the comments and select reader picks (lists comments that received the most agrrement among their commentariat). Try not to laugh as they continue to say how Trump voters voted for a candidate who obviously is a liar. I guess their reasoning is they prefer liars who aren’t so obvious? Reply ↓ Massinissa April 6, 2017 at 4:14 pm The last time we had a president who told the truth at least half the time was Jimmy Carter. And that was part of the reason he wasn’t reelected. Reply ↓ LT April 6, 2017 at 6:19 pm The epic speech he gave on television about what was wrong with America as a culture! Too bad he hung with a bad crowd. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob April 6, 2017 at 3:04 pm RE: Senate Republicans go nuclear If the Republicans do get rid of the filibuster so they can confirm Gorsuch, what is to stop them from simply reinstating it if/when they are about to become the minority party again? If Senate rules allow them to remove it, seems like they could simply put it back during the lame duck session the next time an election doesn’t go their way, playing the Democrat party for chumps once again. Unless there’s something I’m unaware of that prevents this action, it would seem this isn’t as ‘nuclear’ as it being played up to be, More like a ‘tactical’ nuke – one of those magical ones that blows up just the right target with no collateral damage whatsoever. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 6, 2017 at 3:26 pm The rules are voted on at the start of each new Congress because the body is too large to rely on ad hoc arrangements. The rules of the 103rd Congress have no effect on the rules of the 853rd Congress. The Democrats voted for a filibuster process in 2007, 2009, 2011, and 2013. They did not have to. The Constitutional threshold is 50+VP. They don’t need to sacrifice a virgin or have a secret handshake. They could meet on the moon. They don’t have to meet in the Senate Rotunda. 50+VP has as much authority as every Senator pinkie swearing and following every effin rule they ever made up. Rules and laws can not subvert the Constitutional order. In fact, the filibuster was often ignored in the late 19th century because it serves to protect Jim Crow and prevent personal embarrassment (the President appoints a guy with a drinking problem from California. One of the Senators knows and asks the Senator from Florida from the other party to save everyone including the family of the nominee from embarrassment). When policies might affect Jim Crow, the filibuster was trotted out because the Democrats didn’t want to Southern Dems to join the GOP. The Republicans keep it to avoid passing their wackier promises and an understanding that a competent Democratic Party should be in the majority. Reply ↓ Vatch April 6, 2017 at 3:48 pm People with a greater tolerance for pain than I have might want to read this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standing_Rules_of_the_United_States_Senate Reply ↓ curlydan April 6, 2017 at 3:26 pm If I’m reading the WaPo article correctly, it seems like the Dems did not reverse their filibuster break from 2013 although they might be the weaker of the vampire parties: “In 2013, Democrats — angered by years of GOP blockades on President Barack Obama’s nominees — opted to use the “nuclear option” and pushed through a rules change confirming all executive branch nominees and lower-court picks with a simple-majority vote. But Democrats did not include the Supreme Court in that change, believing that lifetime appointments to the nation’s highest court should be handled differently.” “The change now means that all presidential nominees for executive branch positions and federal courts need only a simple-majority vote to be confirmed by senators.” The pattern appears to be whittling away the filibuster at this point. Unrelated thought: just how deliberative can a body of white, largely male millionaires be? Reply ↓ Vatch April 6, 2017 at 3:29 pm If the Republicans restore the filibuster just before they become the minority party in the Senate, then when the new majority party takes control, that majority party can re-remove the filibuster. This assumes that the new majority party actually wants to be effective. . . . . Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 6, 2017 at 4:14 pm When there is a will, there is a way. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 6, 2017 at 4:14 pm When there is a will, there is a way. Reply ↓ Optimader April 6, 2017 at 6:08 pm Were there is a will there is away.. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 6, 2017 at 8:03 pm Where there is a way, a path (to victory), there a will emerges… “Victory has a thousand fathers.” Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 6, 2017 at 9:39 pm This really isn’t an issue that needs nuanced discussion. The Democrats need the filibuster to exist so that when they accidentally get a majority in Congress, they can use the existence of the filibuster to explain why all the good, progressive legislation they really, really want can’t be passed, but all the bad corporate giveaways, surveillance, and warmongering can pass. The Republicans are happy to play this little dance with the Democrats when the Democrats are pretending to lead. It’s only polite, after all, and it give their more recalcitrant members some pleasure, while exposing those traitors to the Republican base, so these squishy RINOs can’t gain national power. It serves to reinforce the TINA message that there’s no escape from Republican orthodoxy, no matter who you vote for. But the Republicans are the party that is SUPPOSED to be delivering for the corporations, so when they’re in power, they do stuff. It’s their job to keep dragging the government right, so they need to pass right wing legislation and — even more importantly — install pro-corporate, right wing justices, further right than what the Dems can get away with without destroying their brand identity. It’s really not a good idea to show your hand to the mark if you’re planning to run the game again with the same suckers. So the Democrats can only go so far on those increasingly rare occasions when they have the majority. So if the Dems buckle under the pressure from their voters enough to filibuster Gorsuch, of course the Republicans will remove it. The object of the exercise of pressuring the Ds to filibuster is not to stop Gorsuch; that’s not possible. It’s to demonstrate to their base how useless the Democrats are, and how their excuses were always a lie, and make them uncomfortable enough to maybe consider going into direct lobbying. As far as I can tell, the main advantage for a Democratic Senator staying in Congress after a couple of terms is that it’s less work than lobbying. Let’s change that. (Every time a seat opens up, it’s going to be a tiny bit easier for the left to get it.) Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 6, 2017 at 9:47 pm The problem the Dems have in regards to the filibuster are in no particular order: -the vaunted stored powder kegs of Harry Reid http://www.dailykos.com/story/2007/08/05/366966/-In-The-Vaults-Where-The-Dry-Powder-Is-Stored This is from 2007. The story is wearing thin. -Emotional appeals. When Dems abandoned policy as a campaign tactic, they made it clear only emotional responses will rule. Democratic Partisans even the most loyal ones won’t accept anything less than a filibuster. -the Democrats who could be relied on to break and join the GOP are now largely gone. Many of the current office holders are so old they can be dumped easily or represent areas that went for Sanders. Bipartisanship with Trump won’t go over well. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 6, 2017 at 3:43 pm “Ships near the Newfoundland coast have had to slow down to 3 or 4 knots and many transatlantic vessels are rerouting, some adding an extra 36 hours detour to their voyages to avoid the sudden spread of ice seen in the ocean.” Sunspots are a distant memory, and now the coming Ice Age is breathing down our necks. *goes out to collect more firewood* Reply ↓ pretzelattack April 6, 2017 at 9:30 pm jim i don’t think icebergs breaking off from melting glaciers is a sign of a coming ice age. Reply ↓ LifelongLib April 6, 2017 at 10:05 pm Heard somewhere that more icebergs break off glaciers when it’s warmer… Reply ↓ diptherio April 6, 2017 at 3:48 pm 2016 Presidential campaign in 3 bumper-stickers: https://twitter.com/MochiMinkDook/status/849383285016940545 Reply ↓ nippersmom April 6, 2017 at 4:38 pm I notice someone in the comments couldn’t resist hippie-punching those who didn’t “vote blue no matter who”. Reply ↓ LT April 6, 2017 at 3:52 pm Re: Ignoring the People: Where the Left Side of the Aisle Fails People in the West are being heard. But you have the global elite who realize the world is hungering for change. So they’re trying to make sure the only escape route is to a more heavy handed authoritarianism. It’s like they’re screaming, whining, and stamping their feet: “TINA, dammit,TINA!!!!” Reply ↓ LT April 6, 2017 at 4:06 pm Re: The Revolution will not be “Pepsitized”… You really want to know how Pepsi feels about revolutions, read up on how they and a lot of other soft drink companies really respond to revolution in other countries. Cuba especially comes to mind. Reply ↓ optimader April 6, 2017 at 4:10 pm Here’s Brezhnev at the Soviet Pepsi factory Saying , “Svetlana, it’s past Noon, you got a Jack Daniels & Coke for me back there?” Reply ↓ optimader April 6, 2017 at 4:11 pm Retail: “Costco Wholesale Corp. COST +1.45% admits to being slow to embrace online sales, but anyone who has shipped a one-gallon jug of mayonnaise can understand why” or a ten 5ft Arborvitaes Reply ↓ pete April 6, 2017 at 9:43 pm I deliver to costco and they are always so fucking packed. Reply ↓ Phoebe April 6, 2017 at 4:15 pm FWIW, that LA vote may not be much of a test of the Berniecrats’ strength. A few weeks ago there was a fairly explosive set of accusations, or revelations, about how Arturo Carmona, the Bernie-wing candidate, had behaved toward female staffers and volunteers during the 2016 campaign, along with calls for any person or organization that had endorsed him to rethink their position. The stories and people who spoke out had some credibility, and it looked like there was a certain sense of, We shouldn’t be in the business of trying to build a revolution by trying to get scumballs elected to office. So maybe let’s not do this. I don’t know how different things might have been if there had been a less troubling candidate. Maybe it only mattered on the margins. But it must have gotten a reasonable amount of play in relevant circles: I saw it and I’m nowhere near either LA or the center of the movement. Reply ↓ Ranger Rick April 6, 2017 at 4:54 pm “Accusations,” indeed. Character assassination is pretty cheap these days. Reply ↓ Adam Reilly April 6, 2017 at 7:19 pm Two other Berniecrats who ran for office confirmed the accusations. Based on descriptions, it sounded like Carmona was failing upward. Carmona wasn’t the only Berniecrat running, but he was the one that (At least to me) had the most support from Bernie factions. That said, it was obvious who was going to win this race (or get to the next stage). It came down to money. Establishment money flowed to the only career politician. I don’t think Berniecrats have the tools to compete in those type of matches- that includes both fiscally and strategically. From what I’ve witnessed, Berniecrats don’t necessarily have a strong ability to connect with Bernie voters. Voters aren’t motivated to go out and find the information on their own, so the inability to connect with voters is fatal. Granted, CD 34 was a mess with 16 Democrats running. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 6, 2017 at 8:25 pm This is exactly where Our Revolution ought to come in, though. I know it’s early days in the grand scheme of things, but why wasn’t Carmona taken out months ago if everybody on the ground knew he was that bad? I knew there was something funky going on, but with the jungle primaries here, if the real left wants to win, they have to get behind ONE candidate, and then everybody push. Otherwise, you’ll keep getting this bad outcome, again and again and again. There’s just no excuse for this. I get that OR and BNC aren’t established or funded well enough to chase people out of races or flood their preferred candidate with cash and resources. But they could have come out and said, we have concerns about Carmona, and we back X for CD34 while we investigate the allegations. Carmona’s whole campaign was that he worked for Bernie. OR throwing up a red flag would have mattered. I’m not interested in backing a misogynist with a different ethnicity. If you want that game, the Democratic Party is available to play it. Also, I have personally met a bunch of LA Berniecrats who are now inside the state party, and they are amazing. They connect with voters just fine. That’s how they beat the Clintonians fighting for AD seats. That’s not the problem. Reply ↓ SpringTexan April 6, 2017 at 4:55 pm Yes, I saw that too. Had I been a Californian, this would have mattered to me. I’m not going to vote for just anyone who supported Sanders regardless of their record or behavior. The accusations covered more than that too and seemed to go back to his former organization, Presente. Reply ↓ hunkerdown April 6, 2017 at 5:26 pm Any excuse to avoid actually delivering concrete material benefits, including this phrenology of the soul. Reply ↓ LT April 6, 2017 at 4:22 pm Re: Dr Housing Bubble….homes back in action as ATMs “Compton is the new Newport Coast.” Near Compton is an area of South Central LA called Liemert Park. The Metro Subway system is now expanding there and from there also connecting to LAX. By the time it’s complete, the great majority of the blacks will gone. Just think what that extention could have meant for South Central BEFFORE this round of gentrification? Guess you can’t have that. Yeah, it’s dejavu all over. A co-worker of mine currently invested in a few housing properties gave me a blank stare when I told him, “The housing market is cyclical.” Reply ↓ petal April 6, 2017 at 4:30 pm Upper Valley/New England NCers: Cornel West is speaking at Dartmouth College on Thursday, April 27th at 5pm in Moore Hall-Filene Auditorium. It’s about “Intellectual Vocation and Political Struggle in the Trump Moment”. They are already planning to have an overflow room. Cheers. Reply ↓ lightningclap April 6, 2017 at 5:04 pm Used to be, one who sold out his people was a “House N*gga”. Now some people aspire to be “Davos N*ggas”. Reply ↓ LT April 6, 2017 at 6:27 pm The “Devos” crowd got to them more than the “Davos” crowd. A lot of blacks got into trouble with their homes refinancing to afford to send their kids to $$$ schools , to keep them out of “prison tract” public schools. Not all, but too many gave up the fight for public schools. Housing troubles that make way for gentrification.. Reply ↓ curlydan April 6, 2017 at 5:30 pm Tillerson is suddenly talking like Kerry. These new guys sure look like they’re being played. “When asked if President Trump would be organizing an international coalition to remove Assad, Tillerson said, ‘Those steps are underway.'” https://www.yahoo.com/news/tillerson-steps-way-remove-assad-power-syria-200018022.html Reply ↓ jrs April 6, 2017 at 5:32 pm No blood for oil men. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 6, 2017 at 5:37 pm Now would be a good time to call and write your congressmen. Flood the White House switchboard, and fire off a letter to the editor. Reply ↓ Musicismath April 6, 2017 at 5:47 pm Re: the Democrats’ (and social democrats’ worldwide) pull-back from mainstream economic issues. I have this theory about hipsters. In my opinion, hipster ideology — the distaste for the mainstream; the performative interest in the obscure and the marginal as a form of personal branding — has gone viral. The 10% have spent the last couple of decades marinating in hipster culture. But it’s now moved way beyond music fandom. The attitudes hipsters once brought to culture — the obsession with curation; the embrace of the “marginal” as an end in itself; the contempt for the ordinary — now frame every aspect of the hipsterised 10%-er understanding of the world. Politics is now just another form of hipster posturing; the (small) ingroup in an outraged pose of contemptuous, eye-rolling rejection of the world at large. Because they never move beyond their tiny bubbles, hipsterised liberals have no sense of how marginal this obsession with the margins now makes them. They wonder how anyone could possibly reject Clinton and identity issues, in the same way hipsters once sneered at anyone who hadn’t heard of The Replacements. They forget, though, that the “uncool” still get the vote. And their total lack of perspective causes them to wonder why a boutique, niche-interest mode of politics doesn’t win them large majorities. Reply ↓ Musicismath April 6, 2017 at 6:09 pm Further to that — I mean, I’ve been reading a lot of Rita Felski lately, and while she’s talking specifically about the self-defeating and arid nature of the reigning orthodoxies in the academic humanities, so much of what she says here about “critique” could also be applied to current ways of thinking and perceiving the world on the liberal “left”: http://journal.media-culture.org.au/index.php/mcjournal/article/view/431. Reply ↓ Altandmain April 6, 2017 at 6:01 pm The Guardian madness of blaming the Sanders base continues. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/commentisfree/2017/apr/03/the-destruction-of-hillary-clinton-sexism-sanders-and-the-millennial-feminists Apparently there is now a book coming out on it. If this continues, why should people vote for the Democratic Party in 2018 or 2020? Reply ↓ ewmayer April 6, 2017 at 6:18 pm o “Washington’s Supreme Hypocrisy on Chemical Weapons and Civilian Deaths” [Informed Comment]. “The use of chemical weapons by the Syrian Army in Idlib is an atrocity…” — How seriously can one take a news outlet proudly calling itself “Informed Comment” yet omitting the crucial ‘alleged’ in its description of the alleged atrocities? Reply ↓ Rhondda April 6, 2017 at 8:32 pm My thought exactly. Reply ↓ Jeff W April 6, 2017 at 6:22 pm OK, so Nick Kristof says “Be nice to Trump voters.” Frank Rich says “we are free to loathe” Trump’s “most loyal supporters.” Is there a point to any of this? How anyone feels about those who voted for President Trump has nothing to do with policy, at least on the left side of things. People in McDowell County, West Virginia—almost all of whom voted for Trump—were cheering Bernie Sanders’ call for universal health care in this country. Do we have to sit around and be subjected to endless pontification on whether those voters are “hillbillies” or “deplorables”or whatever other pejorative label one wants to pin on them? And even if they were, against all evidence, deplorable hillbillies who happened to want universal health care, would it matter? And let’s say, for the sake of argument, they hated what Sen. Sanders had to say. Everyone in Canada is in the Canadian health care system, whether they love it or hate it; everyone everywhere can get tuition-free education in Germany, whether they are for that or vehemently opposed. You don’t have to be “deserving”—you don’t have to get the policy right—to get those things. They’re by their nature universal. Yet Kristof and Rich wave their hands and want us to weigh Trump voters on some cosmic moral scale when, at the end of the day, none of that matters in terms of policy. And it doesn’t matter in terms of politics either. Most people—they could be Trump voters, Clinton voters, the registered voters who stayed home, or those who could register but do not—favor the policies that Sanders is espousing. It all amounts to diversion, distraction, and deflection, of course. If we all engage in “conversations” about how we feel about Trump voters, we’re not talking about real policies, policies which most people—however we might feel about them—would want. Reply ↓ Keith in Modesto April 6, 2017 at 8:52 pm Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! This should be shouted from the rooftops a thousand times. “…diversion, distraction, and deflection…” Curing the sicknesses of U.S. society requires we organize our institutions to provide vital material benefits (like health care and education) universally to everyone. Everyone has to be in. All in. All this grousing about certain constituencies (the “deplorables” and “hillbillies”) being undeserving of sympathy is another manifestation of our society’s sickness. We don’t believe in the Common Good anymore. The pundits, intellectuals and politicians are failing us. They believe in providing “opportunity” to the worthy and successful (to become every more wealthy and successful), while the great majority of poor and working people will just get more punishment and discipline. They don’t believe in helping us or that we should be helped. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL April 6, 2017 at 6:24 pm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeaTgEFTTm8 Single Payer on the horizon in NY State? Reply ↓ fresno dan April 6, 2017 at 6:54 pm http://nypost.com/2017/04/05/woman-walking-around-naked-claims-shes-a-mermaid/ A woman with webbed toes identified herself as a mermaid named Joanna after she was found mostly naked and walking along a dark road in the middle of the night in Fresno County. The young brunette was wearing only a black sports bra and had wet hair when cops found her near Millterton Road and Brighton Crest Drive in Friant around 3:15 a.m. Tuesday, the Fresno Bee reported. She told cops she was a mermaid who’d just been in the water. But she answered “I don’t know” to most of their questions. “She was wet. She said she had been in the lake, said she needed help and needed to be taken to the hospital,” Fresno Police Lt. Mark Hudson told YourCentralValley.com. “We did go through records after fingerprinting her and we still did not come up with her identity.” ========================================================= another day in Fresno….the fresh water inland mermaids are much rarer than the Pacific coast varieties…. I think I will actually watch the local TV for film at 11….. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 6, 2017 at 6:59 pm Splash! A true story. Reply ↓ Optimader April 6, 2017 at 10:38 pm Any relation? Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt April 6, 2017 at 8:15 pm My #1 reason for not voting for the Would-Be Queen: http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/06/politics/hillary-clinton-syria-assad/index.html She’s actually STILL calling for WAR. Reply ↓ pretzelattack April 6, 2017 at 9:31 pm and by god now trump is trying to deliver one. Reply ↓ Dead Dog April 6, 2017 at 9:50 pm Yes, 50 or so Tomahawk Cruise missiles at one Syrian airbase is how it’s going down. No links, the news is everywhere, just what to believe I think they warned the russians, at least you would hope so. This could escalate quickly. I hope calm heads win out Reply ↓ craazyboy April 6, 2017 at 10:02 pm So this is in lieu of UN investigations nowadays? Haven’t seen any explanatory Trump tweets yet. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 6, 2017 at 10:12 pm I scanned zerohedge and a Drump reddit. They vary from outrage to pleas about 11th dimensional chess, but the Trump hopium addicts don’t seem to be buying that Trump is working one step ahead from the tone. Reply ↓ IDontKnow April 6, 2017 at 10:07 pm The stock market is a gamble, but when their finger sits on the buy button, then oligarchy know when it’s time to buy Lockheed Martin & Boeing stock. They will do a billion each on top of what they are already selling to Saudi Arabia. I expect Hillary and others will soon have many “paid” speaking engagements on the West Coast as a thank you. Reply ↓ IDontKnow April 6, 2017 at 8:40 pm Our Free Press… (further to early comment on Hersch and power of private industry to muzzle the press) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6SnIvQKN1Y CNN’s Bolduan, visibly taken aback by what the man is saying — as though it were inconceivable a U.S. lawmaker might have an original opinion on matters — fumbled for words a few moments before managing a simple: “Who do you think is behind it?” Massie began to answer, but Bolduan cut him off. Unsurprisingly, she asked him directly if he was saying he believes what the Russians are saying — that Assad had nothing to do with the attack that killed dozens in Syria on Tuesday. Reuters reported Wednesday that the attack has sparked renewed calls to oust the country’s president. How dare you threaten our owners’ gravy train, congressman. Reply ↓ marym April 6, 2017 at 9:24 pm NBC Peter Alexander‏Verified account @PeterAlexander BREAKING: US launches military air strikes in Syria. https://twitter.com/PeterAlexander/status/850154468020760577 sad news tonight Reply ↓ pretzelattack April 6, 2017 at 9:27 pm i guess we got a risk of war with russia either way, clinton or trump. fucking bloodythirsty idiots. Reply ↓ pretzelattack April 6, 2017 at 9:33 pm sings quietly to self “we’ll meet again, don’t know where, don’t know when…” yeehah Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 6, 2017 at 9:34 pm I hope Xi just flies home now. There is no use pretending the U.S. can be treated as anything other than a war mongering state. Reply ↓ fresno dan April 6, 2017 at 9:45 pm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yu6h-BVwbLM The entire US ….apparently unable to understand that if you continue to do what you have done you will continue to get what you have gotten. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 6, 2017 at 9:56 pm Xi should call North Korea now to calm them down. One hot spot at a time. Reply ↓ Optimader April 6, 2017 at 10:32 pm I think get Xi in a hotel room and have some russian hookers pee on him after eating large asparagus omelettes … oh wait… Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry April 6, 2017 at 11:41 pm This is bad. No public examination of the evidence, no process under international law, just bombs away again from the exceptional nation. Hopefully the evidence will eventually show Assad was behind the gas attacks–and there is really little reason or motive for him to be as he was winning in overwhelming fashion when the incident occurred–otherwise it’s just another in a long line of trigger-happy stupid cowboy moves by the US that result in a big bloody pile of brown skinned bodies for no reason. The unnecessary hurry to act before the evidence could be examined suggests the evidence wasn’t there. Trump has obviously been brought to heel by the deep state, Bannon sent packing, and now every deep stater’s dream come true, bloody, neocon adventurism, bombs exploding left and right, and general chaos in the region. The stupider Democrats have seemingly never seen a war they didn’t love, and Trump will now play them like the useful idiots they are to make them circle their wagons with him and neuter their strong criticisms under a barrage of tawdry pseudo-patriotic militaristic garbage that the flag drunk rubes and marks will eat up as they always do.] Watch all the neocon, chickenhawk Democrats get dutifully into line behind Trump in a mad rush to war if he calls for a larger military offensive in Syria. Their insatiable bloodlust for killing brown, non-Christian people may be the only force strong enough to overcome their Trump Derangement Syndrome. It’s all too likely a Nigerian yellowcake, aluminum centrifuge tubes, mobile chemical weapons lab, and baby incubators fiasco all over again and the race is on to start the killing before the real facts can be determined, so we can begin the “we can’t stop now or the deaths of our boys were in vain” chorus. A few dead American soldiers and nobody will dare speak up. Reply ↓ pretzelattack April 6, 2017 at 9:38 pm how do i get back to my drab dystopia? “don’t it always seem to go, you don’t know what you got till it’s gone”. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 6, 2017 at 9:54 pm I wonder if it was set in motion when Bannon left the National Security Council and the chairman of joint chiefs of staff was invited back. Reply ↓ neighbor7 April 6, 2017 at 11:38 pm but at least we get a new term, “cobot,” to make it all sound friendlier Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments PlutoniumKun on Philippines President Duterte Orders Troops to Occupy South China Sea “Islands”Looks like a bit of opportunism from Duterte.... Yves Smith on 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/6/2017Stopped in 2007. The subprime market shut for... PlutoniumKun on US Launches Airstrikes Against Syria (Updated)Only time will tell, but I've been wondering... Skip Intro on The Conversation About Basic Income is a Mess. Here’s How to Make Sense of It.Fascinating study, very long and empirical, for those... Marina Bart on Links 4/6/17No need to waste any sympathy on my... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,012) Banking industry (4,645) Brexit (48) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (565) Commodities (455) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,464) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,764) Energy markets (505) Environment (452) Europe (621) Federal Reserve (1,267) Free markets and their discontents (1,411) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (322) Globalization (1,096) Guest Post (6,476) Health care (391) Hedge funds (417) Income disparity (958) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (497) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,885) Links (3,045) Macroeconomic policy (972) Market inefficiencies (230) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (142) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (32) Politics (5,022) Private equity (512) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,523) Regulations and regulators (3,581) Ridiculously obvious scams (437) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,018) Social values (1,789) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (384) Technology and innovation (450) The destruction of the middle class (1,343) The dismal science (1,458) TPP (83) UK (114) Water Cooler (648) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Search continues for missing Rutherford County teen - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Search continues for missing Rutherford County teen 2017-04-02T22:31:17Z2017-04-06T17:21:20Z Posted by ShaMeeka Parrish Email Connect shameeka.parrish@wsmv.com Follow @wsmv Devin Bond, 17, missing since Thursday night (Source: Rutherford County Sheriff's Office) (WSMV) MURFREESBORO, TN (WSMV) - The Rutherford County Sheriff’s Office is still working to locate a missing 16-year-old boy. Devin Ray Bond has not been seen since he went to bed late Thursday night. According to the teen's mother, Bond’s 9-year-old brother reported him missing around 10 a.m. Friday after noticing he had placed towels and pillows under a blanket to make it appear he was still in bed. Detective Randy Groce is leading the investigation and reports the boy may have been in the vicinity of Barfield Park on Veterans Parkway on Saturday. Groce added Tuesday that he is following all leads while school resource officers are monitoring social media and talking to students. "We will continue to search diligently," Groce said in a release. "The Rutherford County Sheriff's Office joins the family in finding Devin. We are asking for prayers in locating Devin." Bond's father has organized a search party for Friday morning. Volunteers are asked to meet in the parking lot of Walmart on Joe B. Jackson Parkway at 8 a.m. A candlelight vigil is planned for Saturday at 7:30 p.m. at Barfield Crescent Park on Veterans Parkway. Anyone with information about Bond's whereabouts is asked to call RCSO at 615-898-7770 or Groce at 615-904-3049. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> ELECTION GUIDE: Municipal Elections, District 95 special election ELECTION GUIDE: Municipal Elections, District 95 special election Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 11:56 PM EDT2017-04-07 03:56:29 GMT (Photo Source: WMC Action News 5) Election day is quickly approaching for many Mid-South municipal elections.  More >> Election day is quickly approaching for many Mid-South municipal elections. More >> breaking Victims of triple shooting found in 2 different locations Victims of triple shooting found in 2 different locations Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 11:43 PM EDT2017-04-07 03:43:31 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Two people are on the run after police said they shot three people just before 9 p.m. Thursday night.  More >> Two people are on the run after police said they shot three people just before 9 p.m. Thursday night. More >> Lantern walk held on Millington Naval Base to fight against sexual assaults Lantern walk held on Millington Naval Base to fight against sexual assaults Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 11:41 PM EDT2017-04-07 03:41:48 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A Millington golf course was the site of many who gathered to light the way in the fight against sexual assault on Thursday night.  More >> A Millington golf course was the site of many who gathered to light the way in the fight against sexual assault on Thursday night. More >> Trump: Syria 'violated convention' with chemical attack, US launches missiles Trump: Syria 'violated convention' with chemical attack, US launches missiles Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-04-07 03:38:02 GMT NBC News reports the United States has fired missiles at Syria. According to NBC, the US military fired move than 50 cruise missiles on the Syrian base where the chemical attack was launched on civilians, including women and children. More >> NBC News reports the United States has fired missiles at Syria. According to NBC, the US military fired move than 50 cruise missiles on the Syrian base where the chemical attack was launched on civilians, including women and children.More >> Panel discusses black-on-black crime Panel discusses black-on-black crime Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 11:35 PM EDT2017-04-07 03:35:50 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) An esteemed panel in the Bluff City tackled a sensitive community topic on Thursday: black-on-black crime.  More >> An esteemed panel in the Bluff City tackled a sensitive community topic on Thursday: black-on-black crime. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> US missiles blast Syria; Trump demands 'end the slaughter' US missiles blast Syria; Trump demands 'end the slaughter' Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 12:48 AM EDT2017-04-07 04:48:48 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 12:48 AM EDT2017-04-07 04:48:48 GMT President Donald Trump is suggesting that Syrian President Bashar Assad may have to leave power following a chemical weapons attack.More >> President Donald Trump is suggesting that Syrian President Bashar Assad may have to leave power following a chemical weapons attack.More >> Coroner identifies 2 teenage girls who died after falling from Myrtle Beach hotel Coroner identifies 2 teenage girls who died after falling from Myrtle Beach hotel Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 6:08 PM EDT2017-04-06 22:08:32 GMT Image taken from a Facebook Live video showing the scene. (Source: Anonymous user on Facebook) Two teenage girls died Wednesday afternoon after falling from a floor of the Camelot By the Sea Hotel in Myrtle Beach, according to officials. Coroner Robert Edge confirmed that the deceased are a 16-year-old girl and a 17-year-old girl, both Myrtle Beach High School students. Their identities will be released later, Coroner Edge said. More >> Two teenage girls died Wednesday afternoon after falling from a floor of the Camelot By the Sea Hotel in Myrtle Beach, according to officials. Coroner Robert Edge confirmed that the deceased are a 16-year-old girl and a 17-year-old girl, both Myrtle Beach High School students. Their identities will be released later, Coroner Edge said.More >> The Latest: Netanyahu welcomes US attack on Syria base The Latest: Netanyahu welcomes US attack on Syria base Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-04-07 04:10:31 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-04-07 04:10:31 GMT The Latest: Israel's defense minister 'certain' forces of Syria's Assad carried out deadly chemical attack.More >> The Latest: Israel's defense minister 'certain' forces of Syria's Assad carried out deadly chemical attack.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Inc. Tested Women Who Lead Peak Performance Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. INNOVATE How Should CEOs Use Their Time? What a CEO's schedule tells you about their company. By Dave Schools Dave is a writer, digital entrepreneur, and strategist in Washington DC. He is the owner and editor of Entrepreneur's Handbook, a Medium publication dedicated to helping entrepreneurs succeed. He is the co-creator of Party Qs app, an app for conversation starters. His writing on startups, design, and creativity has appeared in Smashing Magazine, The Next Web, Business Insider, Quartz, Crunchbase, and the Observer. On the side, he moonlights as a novelist and an award-winning poet. He holds a bachelor’s degree in entrepreneurship from Grove City College. @DaveSchoools Founder, Entrepreneur's Handbook@DaveSchoools WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement In terms of work, you have only two choices. Everything you do can be categorized as one or the other: people or projects. To accomplish a goal, you must work either with people or a project. Put another way, all work is either relational or creative. Either you work with people -- meet, talk, present, communicate, listen, watch, etc. -- or you work on projects -- design, code, write, build, create, produce, etc. For most jobs, it's either all people or all projects. In his essay Maker's Schedule, Manager's Schedule, Paul Graham, computer scientist turned venture capitalist, writes that powerful people (managers) operate in one hour time blocks while programmers and writers (makers) prefer to operate in half-day time blocks. But the question of whether or not you should be a project or a people person becomes blurred when you're a startup founder who has to have his or her hands in everything. CEO: maker or manager? While a CEO is the most powerful person in the organization, he or she is, at the core, a manager -- someone responsible for casting the strategic vision of the company and leading people towards it. It's not worth the time of the CEO. A contributor to Forbes told the story of how an ousting of the CEO of a publicly traded company affected its profits by $1.25 billion. A CEO's time has extraordinary value. It makes no sense financially for a CEO do a task when someone else can do it equally well. CEO is not a maker, it seems. An insightful Quora commenter quoted this exchange between Steve Jobs (manager) and Steve Wozniak (maker) in Steve Jobs' recent movie: Steve Wozniak: You can't write code... you're not an engineer... you're not a designer... you can't put a hammer to a nail. I built the circuit board. The graphical interface was stolen from Xerox Parc. Jef Raskin was the leader of the Mac team before you threw him off his own project! Someone else designed the box! So how come ten times in a day, I read Steve Jobs is a genius? What do you do? Steve Jobs: I play the orchestra, and you're a good musician. You sit right there and you're the best in your row. A CEO's time is his most valuable asset. He needs it to knit together a company and move it toward a greater future state. The enormity of this task leads boards and shareholders to justify the eight-figure pay package for some CEOs of publicly traded companies. In 2015, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon's total compensation was $19.4 million. How it's different for startup CEOs When a company first starts out, it's not making enough money to pay the founder an exorbitant sum. Does that mean the founder's time is not as valuable? A startup is not a publicly traded company. As bad as it sounds, whether it lives or dies, it won't affect many people's lives (compared to a public company). The implications of this create tremendous pressure for the lone startup CEO, especially in the early stages: the brave individual must be both a people and a project person to succeed. A maker and a manager. This necessary balance is what causes startup CEOs to work grueling work weeks, ingest egregious amounts of caffeine and alcohol, and lose hours of sleep. In an influential Backchannel essay on Medium, Do Startups Have a Drinking Problem?, the writer describes what it's like to lead a startup: Startups are hard. Really f***ing hard. 95% of startups will fail. We work long hours in an attempt to innovate faster, ship products sooner, outrun competitors and preserve limited venture funding. We juggle multiple roles and responsibilities in an effort to keep teams small and nimble. When things go wrong, we pull sleepless nights, perform Herculean support feats and bend over backwards to retain early adopters. We forgo vacations, skip workouts, answer emails on our phones during family time and are expertly skilled at eating lunch while getting s*** done. It's only natural that we would want to find convenient ways to blow off steam, de-stress, or ease fears. Why startup founders put themselves through this is mystifying. Perhaps, the payoff of global fame and starry fortune offsets the risk of failure, debt, and emotional turbidity. Maybe it's the primal drive, the raw ambition to make a difference, to matter, that pushes them beyond their limits. Try this experiment The next time you talk to a startup CEO, ask them the question: "Are you more of a manager or a maker?" The more mature the startup, the more of a manager he or she will be. The more nascent the startup, the more of a maker he or she will be. Are you a startup CEO? How do you handle your time without overworking yourself? To help answer this question, I'm writing a practical guide as a follow up to this article. Follow me on social media to see it when it comes out. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Apr 6, 2017 Advertisement
Stay Connected Latest Posts in RSS Anniversaries Birthday Births Classified Ads Community Community Calendar Editorial Editorial Columns Editorials Engagements Letters to the Editor News Obituaries Showers Sports Uncategorized Weddings Latest Comments in RSS / News Sports Classifieds Community Anniversaries Birthday Births Community Calendar Engagements Showers Weddings Online Forms Downloadable Forms Obituaries Editorial Editorials Editorial Columns Letters to the Editor E-Edition About Us Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Submit Your News Special Sections 911 HONORING OUR HEROES BACK TO SCHOOL SECTION Christmas Guide Real Estate Senior Living Fair Guide FOOTBALL On The Sidelines Bridal Guide Business & Service Directory Business Focus Cajun Country Community Magazine NOW Women’s Magazine Harvest Graduation Paw Print Pride & Progress Salute To Soldiers Downloadable Forms Beatrice Hargrave Beatrice Hargrave LAKE ARTHUR – The family and friends of Beatrice Hargrave are mourning the loss of their loved one who was called from this life on April 3, 2017, at the age of 75.  Funeral services for Beatrice will be held at Matthews and Son Funeral Home in Lake Arthur on Saturday, April 8, 2017, at 2 p.m., with Father Ronald Vaughn officiating.  Visitation will be held at the funeral home on Saturday, April 8, from 9 a.m. until the time of her funeral service at 2 p.m. Burial will follow in St. Anthony Cemetery.  Beatrice was born in Cameron Parish to Simonet Hargrave and Ruby Miller Hargrave on Sept. 24, 1941.  Beatrice loved to watch TV, listen to French music and go shopping at Walmart. She loved her dog, “White,” and she enjoyed visiting and spending time with family and friends.  She will be greatly missed by all who knew and loved her. Beatrice is survived by her brother, Jerry Hargrave of Lowry. Beatrice was preceded in death by her parents, Simonet and Ruby Hargrave. To extend online condolences, please visit www.matthewsandsonfuneralhome.net. Short URL: http://www.jenningsdailynews.net/?p=42204 Posted by Graphic Designer 2 on Apr 6 2017. Filed under Obituaries. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback to this entry Recent Entries Dogs, Lady Tigers dominate JDP Relays A note before my birthday US brings crown back where it should be Dana Marie Marceaux Mora Grayson Hein Beatrice Hargrave A sip for you, a sip for me CHUNKING PELLETS WFD continues work on future site Fenton Street Dance set for Friday Search Archive Search by Date Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 June 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 or Search by Category Classified Ads  (1) Community  (610)    Anniversaries  (31)    Birthday  (25)    Births  (164)    Community Calendar  (18)    Engagements  (105)    Showers  (13)    Weddings  (80) Editorial  (780) Editorial Columns  (1,255) Editorials  (1,146) Letters to the Editor  (338) News  (8,781) Obituaries  (2,377) Sports  (2,244) Uncategorized  (1,603) or Search Site   News Sports Classifieds Community Obituaries Editorial E-Edition About Us Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Submit Your News Special Sections Downloadable Forms © 2017 Jenning Daily News | PO Box 910 | 238 Market Street | Jennings, LA 70546 | 337.824.3011 | Log in
Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Tech Virtually gone? Think again Despite some high-profile stumbles, virtual worlds are, in fact, booming—and seeing a bright future in mobile. By Wendy Goldman Getzler April 6, 2017 Even though it’s been 10 years since Club Penguin co-founder Lance Priebe sold his virtual world to Disney for US$350 million, he still sees things in black and white. Priebe gets a kick out of approaching those in their late teens and early twenties and bluntly asking what their favorite Penguin once was—and nearly every single time, he gets an answer. That’s because an estimated 300 million Club Penguin avatars have been made, and in its heyday in 2009, more than 60% of US kids were well aware of the virtual world. But that was then, and now kids digital media consumption is a whole different animal. In fact, even while a number of web-first virtual worlds attract tens of millions of users every month, nothing is moving as quickly as mobile access to their platforms. And the space will only continue to evolve in order to better fit the changing needs of today’s players. This shift to mobile, and its inherent challenges, were brought to light earlier this year by Disney’s decision to shutter Club Penguin and relaunch the brand as a mobile-only game entitled Club Penguin Island. Debuting late last month, Island wasn’t exactly a surprise for Priebe, given the unavoidable march to mobile. “Virtual worlds are not going anywhere. In fact, they are only going to get bigger. I actually think we just scratched the surface in the early 2000s,” says Priebe, who left his role as SVP of production and creative at the House of Mouse in 2010 to open Kelowna, Canada-based gaming studio Hyper Hippo Productions in 2012. He says the Disney Club Penguin deal had the potential to earn out US$700 million, which was not achieved partially because of a slower than expected expansion into new global territories. “The problem Disney also faced with Club Penguin was how to engage new players in a web-browser version. So they built a mobile one, even if the original audience has stayed loyal.” “Virtual worlds are how and where kids express imagination. There’s a lot of health in the ecosystem, but it needs to continue to evolve.” - Tami Bhaumik, Roblox In the case of Club Penguin and other legacy virtual worlds, that loyal web audience has grown up, becoming teenagers and even parents themselves. While a chunk of today’s kids are paying subscriptions and buying virtual currency, they expect more for their money, whether it’s multiple access points, enhanced user-generated content tools or more communication options. “It’s just like YouTube, Twitter and Snapchat. Kids want an online identity, and playing in a virtual world as a character resonates with that,” Priebe says. “Club Penguin was one of the first digital sandboxes where users came in and played, waddled around, attended parties, collected items and took part in role-playing.” Those core elements that made Club Penguin a market leader aren’t going away in the mobile-only version, though the brand is making a point to carve out a more modern identity, according to Lisa Anderson, senior director of product operations at Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media. “We’ve taken legacy classic elements from the original Club Penguin, which include community, a parent-trusted environment and a quirky tone. For example, a player can either eat pizza or dress up as a slice. Self-expression has always been a key pillar,” says Anderson. But motivating a decade’s worth of subscribers to relocate to a mobile-only version does come with challenges. In addressing them, Disney allowed existing subscribers to pre-register their user names on the app ahead of the desktop version’s closure. They were also given alumni jackets to show off the number of years they’ve been a Club Penguin member. “We recognize that things from the desktop version won’t translate. Our community is engaged and vocal, and they will let us know when they like or don’t like something,” she says. This user base helped Disney learn the importance of making mobile a priority after Club Penguin’s 2015 initial app extension “did just OK,” says Anderson. In a completely redesigned concept, Island keeps users in one environment, rather than moving from room to room. It also has pre-canned communication tools to foster the social element of the brand. “Mobile apps can be perceived as disposable,” Anderson says. “But virtual worlds offer a level of persistence and belonging to a community that is appealing to kids.” Among Club Penguin Island‘s competitors is Animal Jam. The virtual world launched by WildWorks in collaboration with National Geographic in 2010 has attracted 75 million registered users to date, and currently draws more than 4.5 million players per month between its mobile and web platforms. And those numbers are steadily increasing, says WildWorks CEO Clark Stacey. “Our growth has been different from Club Penguin and Mind Candy’s Moshi Monsters. They both saw meteoric rises early on, with Moshi Monsters then experiencing a precipitous user drop-off and Penguin having a more gradual one. And it’s because they didn’t navigate the switch to mobile and other social features very well,” Stacey says. At US$6.95 per month, Animal Jam lets subscribers toggle between its web and mobile versions using the same login information, as social identity is a central component to virtual worlds. Launched in September 2015, Animal Jam’s freemium mobile version was the top-grossing app among nine- to 11-year-old Americans in the Apple App Store last year. Breeding loyalty: Animal Jam allows its 4.5 million monthly users to seamlessly access both web and mobile versions. The web is still very much a key element of the world, though. In fact, Animal Jam’s desktop version still has three to four times more users than mobile. But Stacey anticipates this ratio will shrink significantly by this summer. “Desktop versions are still viable, but there needs to be a 360-degree experience. We view Animal Jam as a digital entertainment platform. We deliver animated videos that are educational, and we have an art exchange platform,” Stacey says. “If kids are just running around as avatars and chatting with one another, then the novelty wears off. It needs to be more than just a virtual world.” To that effect, Animal Jam has been bolstering its licensing strategy. Branded toys first launched in June 2016 with a Walmart exclusive, and more items debuted at Target and Toys”R”Us last month. The line ranges from small animal collectibles to larger play sets and figures that are representative of the platform’s avatars, and they come with codes that can be redeemed virtually. On top of subscription revenue, Stacey hopes licensed merch will be a main driver in Animal Jam’s monetization plans. As for the former, the subscription model shows few signs of waning—even if the number of minutes kids actually spend playing on virtual worlds is dropping. “Subscriptions and micro-transactions are still the largest drivers of revenue for virtual worlds,” says Scott Steinberg, an analyst at Missouri-based TechSavvy Global. “The community will pay. But the old worlds used to keep kids in front of desktops for hours on end. Kids now socialize in more self-contained experiences. They will check into these platforms for shorter periods, but still numerous times daily.” Mobile particularly speaks to this new form of engagement, says Steinberg, who predicts more old-school worlds will reboot themselves to meet kids where they are. Or, like Roblox, they could pay them. The 11-year-old user-generated gaming platform lets avatar-clad users play games created by others in the Roblox community. And to promote independent game creation, the company pays up to US$140,000 per month—or a whopping US$1.6 million per year—to young, ambitious developers of the site’s most popular games. Roughly 1.7 million creators have churned out 22 million games on the platform, which attracts 48 million active users monthly. “Roblox is like Halloween for kids. They become anyone they want to be and customize these images of themselves that are unique,” says Tami Bhaumik, VP of marketing at Roblox, adding that the free-to-download, platform-agnostic world has especially taken off in the last 18 months. (Roblox monetizes through a virtual currency called Robux, which kids can use to buy things like avatar clothing or power-ups for games.) Aside from financially rewarding creativity—one 17-year-old sent the company a picture of himself standing next to the silver Tesla he bought with his earnings—Bhaumik attributes growth to Roblox’s COPPA-compliant chat function. Under-13s, for instance, have canned words and phrases they can send to their friends while they play different games. “Virtual worlds are how and where kids express imagination. There’s a lot of health in the ecosystem, but it needs to continue to evolve. The ability for cross-platform support is critical. For us, mobile is the fastest-growing segment,” she says, adding that Roblox’s VR presence is growing quickly, too. Extensions have already been made for Oculus Rift, with other VR platform launches expected soon. “If you want to talk about immersion, nothing is more real than VR. We are platform-agnostic, meaning you can access Roblox from Oculus, to iPads and gaming consoles,” Bhaumik says. Abhi Arya, partner at UK-based Sandbox & Co., has also received the cross-platform memo. His company purchased Poptropica in May 2015 from Boston-based education company Pearson. The virtual world was original conceived by Diary of a Wimpy Kid author Jeff Kinney as an environment for tweens to explore islands and various quests, and it drew close to seven million monthly users at its peak in 2011. Currently, roughly three million kids visit Poptropica every month, but Arya expects a complete product refresh will significantly increase this number by the end of 2017. “We created a new experience that is mobile-first,” Arya says. “Traditional Poptropica is click-based. But the new mobile-friendly version called Poptropica Worlds empowers kids with more choices to create their own islands.” Like its competitors, newly launched Poptropica Worlds allows integrated membership across its different versions, and unlike Club Penguin, the web version of Poptropica is still available. What remains limiting for Poptropicans, however, is the fact that the world is only offered in English—something Arya would like to change. “We want to make Poptropica Worlds more global. We are seeing active users coming from 200 countries.” While geographical expansions and mobile momentum are critical to a virtual world’s survival right now, Arya believes the genre’s future will be impacted by augmented reality, thanks to its promotion of real-life collaboration, exploration and collection. Priebe, meanwhile, shares Bhaumik’s belief that virtual reality will be a huge game -changer. “VR’s natural state is in fact a virtual world,” Priebe says. “Three or four years from now, everyone will have a headset. But as it relates to virtual worlds, no one has built anything just yet.” TAGS:Animal Jam, Club Penguin, Roblox, virtual worlds About The Author Wendy is Kidscreen’s Associate Editor. When she’s not sourcing material for the brand's daily email newsletter, she’s researching, writing and connecting with others about the newest trends in digital media. Contact Wendy at wgoldman@brunico.com. // Author Page Related Posts Making it to the Top: Tweens Rule the Virtual World Space Club Penguin gets Frozen Roblox shells out big bucks to its 1.7 million creators Club Penguin goes mobile Latest Posts Screen YouTube Kids, Gasol brothers get healthy together By Elizabeth Foster April 6, 2017 Featured Corus Entertainment profits up 29% in Q2 By Jordan Pinto April 6, 2017 Tech Virtually gone? Think again By Wendy Goldman Getzler April 6, 2017 More News Follow @kidscreen Tweets about kidscreen Screening Room YouTube Kids, Gasol brothers get healthy together Corus Entertainment profits up 29% in Q2 Virtually gone? Think again Captain Underpants’ director on adapting a cult classic Featured Popular Latest Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 This is just some random content to show the different layouts possible Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 Company About Kidscreen Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Home Contributors Subscribe Magazine Archive Events Features Hot50 From the Mag Global Pitch Guide Sections Consumer Products Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech ™ Kidscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1996-2017 Kidscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy Search Recent Topics Kidscreened Nickelodeon apps Disney mobile digital media Cartoon Network SVOD DHX Media Mattel toys YouTube Netflix CBeebies Hasbro Corus Entertainment Disney Channel Disney XD Toys 'R' Us Disney Junior Top tags Latest Posts Screen YouTube Kids, Gasol brothers get healthy together By Elizabeth Foster April 6, 2017 Featured Corus Entertainment profits up 29% in Q2 By Jordan Pinto April 6, 2017 Tech Virtually gone? Think again By Wendy Goldman Getzler April 6, 2017 Menu Home News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Brand Menu Account Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards Our Company We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Kidscreen journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist kidscreen.com in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 4/06 Updated To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) 4/06 Updated America’s best and worst airline? Depends on what you’re looking for 4/06 Ex-FBI director to lead Takata payout claims Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries How small cosmetics companies are changing the face of beauty By Tonya Garcia Published: Apr 6, 2017 4:53 p.m. ET Share Giants like International Flavors & Fragrances are snapping up smaller companies with unique qualities and loyal customers By TonyaGarcia Reporter Getty Images Small cosmetic brands can have sources and target customers that larger companies want Many people have organic and natural foods in their cupboard. Now, they’re also stocking their medicine cabinets with organic beauty products and cosmetics. The demand for natural beauty products, creams with special ingredients, serums that tackle a specific beauty issue, and cosmetics that can multitask has prompted heightened interest in small and midsize players in the cosmetic ingredients sector. “Five or 10 years ago, cosmetic consumers were buying image,” said Mark Dixon, chief thinking officer at ThinkingLinking, a global mergers-and-acquisitions firm that specializes in emerging growth markets and investors. “Now they’re buying science, or believe they’re buying science.” Consumers care about what they’re wearing on their bodies in much the same way they care about what they’re putting in their bodies, Dixon said. Moreover, there is a new trend toward “quality and traceability” of ingredients. With increased regulation, cosmetics are being treated more like pharmaceutical products, and it becomes critical that companies know what exactly is going into their jars. Read also: Beauty companies Ulta and E.l.f. are looking good even as retail struggles Why more men are going into debt for plastic surgery(2:10) Men's plastic surgery and cosmetic procedures have grown 325% over the past 20 years. Here's how the financial industry is making money on the surge. “Companies are expanding their geographical sourcing and geographical customer channels but at the same time are expanding the range of products they control,” he said in a statement. A more established cosmetic ingredients company can provide accountability, but smaller companies can have access to coveted components and technologies, or may have the patents for them. According to ThinkingLinking’s report “Alchemists go shopping,” which analyzes the consolidation happening among cosmetics ingredients producers, there were 50 acquisitions in the five-year span of 2012 to 2016, with 45 different buyers involved. The biggest cosmetic ingredient deal, Symrise AG’s SY1, +0.78%   acquisition of Pinova Holdings Inc., was worth $417.0 million. Some of Pinova’s products are used for depilatory waxes, including those deemed “spa formula.” International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. IFF, +0.96%  , one of the largest companies in the sector with $3.12 billion in sales in 2016, acquired Lucas Meyer Cosmetics for $311 million. International Flavors was also the acquirer for the fifth largest deal, valued at $88 million. It bought Aromor Flavors and Fragrances, whose products include natural and “nature identical” materials. Most of the top 50 deals, 46 total, were for less than $100 million, according to Dixon. Read also: This is what Panera did to make its menu ‘clean “What you’re seeing now is a consolidation of some slices of the sector that weren’t previously consolidated,” said Dixon. “The middle market is consolidating the middle market and then the big players can snap them up.” The deal activity on the ingredients side of the cosmetics equation comes in response to a more finicky, and more educated consumer, who is shifting the landscape on the product side of the equation. With more access to both products and information about them, shoppers are choosing to purchase cosmetics that contain, or don’t contain, particular additives, and promise specific results. In this environment, smaller, independent, and very flexible beauty companies are coming to market and developing loyal customers. “These brands have a story, focus on a particular kind of skin, ethnicity or hair type,” said Sarah Jindal, senior innovation and insight analyst for beauty and personal care at Mintel, a market research company. “One-size-fits-all doesn’t resonate with consumers in this day and age. A brand with a personal story is another important aspect of what draws us into a brand.” There’s been a “shift in the way big guys handle their acquisitions,” Jindal said. Rather than buying a company and trying to integrate them as quickly as possible, big beauty companies are letting their small acquisitions do what they do best without too much interference. In return these small companies fill in gaps like a new audience or customer group. See also: Wal-Mart is beating the pants off Amazon in apparel, and it’s fighting to keep it that way As a result, these large companies have purchased an established product rather than creating a new one, and probably saved money on expensive launch costs like advertising and public relations along the way. “The amount of indie brands that are coming out and resonating with a younger consumer base is ensuring their future growth,” said Karen Grant, global beauty industry analyst at NPD Group. The only thing these customers care about is whether the product works for them. “These are companies that larger and smaller companies want to have in their portfolio so they can have sustainable growth over time,” Grant said. Some of the brands that have thrived with the backing of a larger company are Urban Decay and IT Cosmetics, both under the L’Oréal SA OR, +0.28%   umbrella. “A company who’s small today can be huge tomorrow,” said Grant. “Don’t underestimate any brand today.” On the ingredients side, bigger players clearly see the value of smaller companies in the sector. And it’s not just about money. “These businesses are the opposite of commodity,” said Richard Despard, senior linker at ThinkingLinking, in a statement. “They are special and each is different. Economic value comes from considerable barriers to entry - knowhow, technology, often patents as well, customer relationships and a deep understand of ‘ingredient trajectories.’” More from MarketWatch U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack Gillette Slashing Razor, Blade Prices By as Much as 20% Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike Quote References SY1 +0.48 +0.78% IFF +1.27 +0.96% OR +0.50 +0.28% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Symrise AG Germany: Xetra: SY1 €61.94 +0.48 (+0.78%) Volume 297.8K Open €61.24 High €62.06 Low €61.07 P/E Ratio 31.76 Div Yield 1.37 Market Cap 8.0B International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. U.S.: NYSE: IFF $133.04 +1.27 (+0.96%) Volume 585.5K Open $131.88 High $133.36 Low $131.42 P/E Ratio 26.37 Div Yield 1.92 Market Cap 10.4B L'Oreal S.A. France: Paris: OR €179.35 +0.50 (+0.28%) Volume 461.0K Open €178.15 High €179.75 Low €177.80 P/E Ratio 32.61 Div Yield 1.84 Market Cap 100.5B
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Movie Awards Season Pulse Shooting 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Cox Conserves Science Center Weather Experience Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ More Report: Murder suspect was upset pregnant girlfriend smoked Updated: Apr 6, 2017 - 10:11 AM Twtter ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - Court documents show that a man accused of killing a Florida police officer had also pulled a gun on his pregnant ex-girlfriend before shooting her seven times. Markeith Loyd faces multiple charges including first-degree murder. Documents obtained by the Orlando Sentinel (http://bit.ly/2o17jcd ) say 41-year-old Loyd thought 24-year-old Sade Dixon was cheating on him. He was also upset that she was smoking while pregnant when he confronted her Dec. 13. Loyd evaded police until Jan. 9 when authorities say he shot 42-year-old Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. He was arrested following an extensive manhunt. Gov. Rick Scott appointed a special prosecutor after Orlando-area State Attorney Aramis Ayala announced she wouldn't seek the death penalty. That prosecutor filed notice of intent Monday to seek the death penalty. ___ Information from: Orlando Sentinel, http://www.orlandosentinel.com/ Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Report: Murder suspect was upset pregnant girlfriend smoked Funding concern factored in public radio firing US missiles blast Syria; Trump demands 'end the slaughter' Former AG Lynch returns to Harvard for black policy forum Full New York rail service expected, 4 days after derailment News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 22 Retailers Closing the Most Stores By Michael B. Sauter and Evan Comen April 6, 2017 9:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet In April, Payless ShoeSource filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and announced plans to close around 400 locations. This news comes about two months after RadioShack filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for the second time in just over two years. The company has already made plans to close more than 500 locations nationwide, and has yet to announce what it will do with its remaining 1,000 locations. During the 2015 bankruptcy, about 2,000 RadioShack stores closed. Radioshack and Payless’ bankruptcy announcements are the latest in what has been a disastrous year for retailers and retail employees. Many of the nation’s largest retailers have closed or are in the process of shutting down operations. These retailers are closing a varying number of locations. The major retailers alone that are going bankrupt or restructuring are closing well over 2,000 stores nationwide, often at some of the biggest malls in the country. American Apparel, The Limited, and others have declared bankruptcy and will disappear this year. Big names such as Kmart, Macy’s, J.C. Penney, and others will each close dozens of stores as they attempt to respond to the changing shopping habits of Americans, who more and more consumers choose to shop online. These are the 22 retailers closing the most stores in 2017. Click here to see the 22 retailers closing the most stores. Many of the companies on this list have long fought an uphill battle — and many would say a losing one — against surging e-commerce companies such as Amazon. Amazon’s revenue reached $136 billion in fiscal 2016, about nine times its revenue a decade ago. It is now, according to the National Retail Federation, the eighth-largest U.S. retailer based on annual sales. As Amazon and other e-retailers thrive, major, primarily brick-and-mortar retailers have struggled and have been forced to shut down dozens, if not hundreds, of stores each year. In some cases, the closures are part of a major retailer’s restructuring, as many eliminate less profitable locations and work on focusing their operations. Wal-Mart closed over 150 U.S. locations last year, but the company was and remains one of the largest and most profitable retailers in the world. For other retailers, this year’s store closings are evidence of a dying business. Sears Holdings Corporation, which owns two brands that are closing stores this year — Sears and Kmart — reported net losses in each of its last five fiscal years. J.C. Penney, which will close 140 of its roughly 1,000 U.S. locations in 2017 — with some analysts anticipating more closures announced by the end of the year — has reported net losses in its last seven fiscal years One of the most foreboding signs of the changing American retail landscape is the fact that mall development in the United States has ground to a halt. Currently, only two shopping malls are being built in the United States, and dozens have closed in recent years. J.C. Penney and Macy’s frequently serve as cornerstone stores — the major department stores that drive foot traffic to American malls. As these stores go out of business, they cause a chain reaction, severely cutting down traffic to the smaller stores commonly found at malls. In its most recent annual report, Abercrombie & Fitch, which will close 60 locations this year, stated, “We cannot control the loss of an anchor or other significant tenant in a shopping mall in which we have a store … if the popularity of mall shopping continues to decline generally among our customers, our sales may decline, which would impact our gross profits and net income.” Over the past three years, Abercrombie & Fitch’s sales have fallen by more than $1 billion, and profits have declined by almost 85%. Some of the retailers closing the most stores this year are not downsizing but shuttering their businesses entirely. The five companies at the top of this list have all filed for bankruptcy and announced plans to close all their stores. To identify the companies closing the most stores, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed major U.S. retailers that have announced store closings for 2017. All listed store closings are based on company announcements that will either take place entirely, or will begin, in 2017. Total store counts are based on company annual reports, when available, or corporate websites, and are U.S. store closures only, unless otherwise specified. Pages: 1/2/3/4/5/6 « Elevate Credit Prices IPO Amazon to Add 30,000 Part-Time Jobs, Some Can Work From Home » Read more: Special Report, featured Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America States With the Worst Roads The Best Counties to Live In The Richest Town in Every State States With the Most Americans on Disability Recent Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Valeant, DryShips Don’t Escape Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Exxon Lead Dow Higher Thursday USPS Lists 20 Cities Postal Workers Most Likely To Be Attacked By Dogs Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 1 Reason Not to Get a 15-Year Mortgage 3 Signs Nintendo Is Not Out of the Game Mortgage Loan Essentials You Need to Know June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 New Strong Buy Stocks Going Up for April 6th Why Twitter Suing the U.S. Government Is a Big Deal Everything You Need to Know About Comcast's Xfinity Mobile Stocks spooked, safe assets jump after U.S. missile strike on Syria Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years as chips soar Lyft valued at $7.5 billion in new funding round: source Rpt: Putin Says U.S. Strikes on Syria Illegal, Harm U.S.-Russia Ties Britain Fully Supports U.S. Strikes on Syria Yum's KFC to Curb Antibiotic Use in the Chickens it Buys Bill O'Reilly Writes About Consent In New Book: 'No Means No' Trump Administration Delays Life-Saving Safety Regulation Airbnb Bans Host Who Dumped Guest Because She's Asian Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL RAD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Among Thursday's Worst Stocks >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > What Is Wrong With CVS Health Corp (CVS)? CVS stock is struggling to find growth, but income might save the day By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 6, 2017, 9:39 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is More Risk Than Reward Now 11 A-Plus Stocks That Are on Bernstein’s ‘Buy List’ Will Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Defy Financial Gravity Forever? Recent Posts: Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) March Sales Hush the Critics Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Could Be Gutted What Is Wrong With CVS Health Corp (CVS)? View All Posts CVS Health Corp (NYSE:CVS) was supposed to be one of the last slam dunks left in retail. Everyone needs their drugs, right? As we age, we need more drugs. That means we need drug stores. And since CVS also owns Caremark, one of the largest pharmacy benefit managers, they should have guaranteed order flow even if I want the drugs mailed to me. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr But something happened on the way to retail nirvana. CVS stock has dropped almost 26% over the last year. Since the start of 2017 it’s down 1%, essentially flat. That is not the story told by financials. The company managed nearly 12% growth year-over-year for its December quarter. Net income was up almost 14% year over year. Operating cash flow has been rising steadily and passed $10 billion in 2016. The company has 25% of its assets subject to debt, thanks to its 2015 purchases of Omnicare and the Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) retail pharmacy business. A Problem of Margins Since the Target deal, CVS stock has gone from being overvalued to undervalued. That’s what Guggenheim Securities says, and they have a $90 per share price target. That’s small comfort to those who bought in at over $100 per share a year ago. Still, a lot of people are pounding the table for CVS. Analysts like both the stores and the specialty pharmacy operations. One analyst says a short squeeze is on. But this is not as easy a business as some think. CVS recently lost a $2.8 billion federal contract.  CVS faces new competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), including a plan to let customers refill prescriptions via their mobile apps. Keeping its pharmacy pipeline growing is essential to CVS, which derives 75% of its revenue from prescriptions. The company is telling anyone who will listen that its margins are minuscule, almost nonexistent. Maybe that is a play for political sympathy, or maybe that’s the truth. Taking the Loss I bought into the growth story, and I paid for it, finally selling out a position in CVS stock recently at a substantial loss. The fact is that drug stores can be dis-intermediated, not just by giants like Walmart but by smaller players. These pharmacies are taking huge chunks of market share and are starting to pack pills in doses, meaning the savings come with service. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/cvs-health-corp-cvs-stock-what-is-wrong/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Twitter Threatens Major Breakdown The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees Online Privacy Repeal: 2 Winners, 2 Losers It’s Time Tesla Stock Bulls Act Humble iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About The 10 Best Fidelity Funds for Retirees 2 Winners, 2 Losers From Trump’s Online Privacy Repeal It’s Time Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Bulls Act Humble GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Is All Downside From Here Most Popular 10 Under-the-Radar Stocks to Buy Now for Explosive Upside 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Don’t Spend a Penny on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Could Ford Motor Company (F) Buy Tesla Inc (TSLA)? 11 A-Plus Stocks That Are on Bernstein’s ‘Buy List’ Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: missoulian.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email alerts Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 52° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Showers possible early. Tonight Rain showers this evening with clearing overnight. Low 38F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: April 6, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Breaking US launches attack against Syrian air base AP Report: Murder suspect was upset pregnant girlfriend smoked Apr 6, 2017 Updated 12 hrs ago ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Court documents show that a man accused of killing a Florida police officer had also pulled a gun on his pregnant ex-girlfriend before shooting her seven times. Markeith Loyd faces multiple charges including first-degree murder. Documents obtained by the Orlando Sentinel (http://bit.ly/2o17jcd ) say 41-year-old Loyd thought 24-year-old Sade Dixon was cheating on him. He was also upset that she was smoking while pregnant when he confronted her Dec. 13. Loyd evaded police until Jan. 9 when authorities say he shot 42-year-old Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. He was arrested following an extensive manhunt. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! Missoulian.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Gov. Rick Scott appointed a special prosecutor after Orlando-area State Attorney Aramis Ayala announced she wouldn't seek the death penalty. That prosecutor filed notice of intent Monday to seek the death penalty. ___ Information from: Orlando Sentinel, http://www.orlandosentinel.com/ Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags News Wire General News Crime Homicide Violent Crime Shootings Latest in section US missiles blast Syria base where chem planes took off The Latest: Senate OKs California tax, fee hike for roads Ex-federal prosecutor laughs off firing at Trump's expense Seattle mayor accused of sex abuse in lawsuit, media report Web page for US public lands agency showcases coal mine Public Records Sex and violent offenders for Monday, April 3 DUI convictions for Monday, April 3 Felony sentences for Monday, April 3 Sex and violent offenders for Monday, March 27 Divorces for Monday, March 27 More on this topic US missiles blast Syria base where chem planes took off Navy says Iowa State cadets put inappropriate photos online The Latest: Senate OKs California tax, fee hike for roads Ex-federal prosecutor laughs off firing at Trump's expense Seattle mayor accused of sex abuse in lawsuit, media report Most Popular Police: Montana woman attacked children, exposed breasts at skate park Conflux: New two-story restaurant, brewery planned for downtown Missoula Cutting Cold Smoke? Brewery bill amended to scale back production cap from 60K barrels to 12K Missoula loses a bank and gains a Brooks Street sidewalk With 2 concert series, Missoula's outdoor summer season looks packed Business Directory Latest Local Offers Frenchtown Dental Frenchtown Dental offers a $99 new patient special! Call 406-626-3293 to schedule your first appointment! Updated Apr 3, 2017 Maxxed Out Performance & Repair Maxxed Out Performance & Repair ~ Duramax LB7 Injector job.. Complete with Injectors, Oil Change, and Fuel Filter ~ 12 Month Parts and Labor Warranty only $2900 Updated Apr 3, 2017 Currents +13 World News Photos: The daily hunt for drinking water Business How much did bacon cost in the year that you were born? +27 National Photos: Massive fire triggers Interstate collapse in Atlanta Today’s top pics: Severe weather in the Southeast and more Your daily 6: A wet and wild Masters, a nuclear showdown Today In History, April 6: World War I Today's Birthdays, April 6: Paul Rudd Senators beat Bruins 2-1 in shootout to pull ahead in chase Morales hits grand slam, Blue Jays beat Rays 5-2 Beal's 25, tiebreaking 3 help Wizards beat Knicks 106-103 Paul George scores 23 points, Pacers beat Bucks 104-89 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Hillary Clinton on Syria, Putin & election Trump: Assad choked out the helpless Rubio: Impunity for Assad is over US military strike launched against Syria Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic AutoFinder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Montana's Cultural Treasures Corridor Montana 55 Online Features Tools & Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime April 6, 2017 9:15 AM Several minors reportedly involved in vehicle thefts From CDT staff reports LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Six individuals, four of them minors, were reportedly involved in the theft of merchandise and vehicles in Huntingdon. According to state police at Huntingdon, troopers observed a dark-colored sedan traveling the wrong way down Mifflin Street early Sunday morning. When troopers activated their emergency lights, the car made a left turn onto 9th Street at a high rate of speed. The car continued to travel down streets and through a parking lot before being boxed in along Church Street, police said. The driver was identified as a 14-year-old male traveling with three other males aged 13, 11 and 3. The investigation showed the car had been stolen a few hours earlier, police said. A search of the car yielded $700 in stolen merchandise from Wal-Mart. The owner of the car told troopers that a second car was missing, police said, which was located in the borough with three more suspects — two aged 18 and one 17-year-old. About $200 in stolen Wal-Mart merchandise was located inside the second vehicle. Charges against the youths are pending, police said. All names were withheld. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:24 Franklin says spring is a great time to find out who the other guys are Pause 2:28 Former Penn State administrators 'turned their backs' on child sex abuse, AG says 0:19 State College's Noah Woods talks about being named All-State in football 1:33 James Franklin explains what cost Penn State the Rose Bowl 3:33 Video shows Steelers assistant coach Joey Porter dispute before arrest 0:36 U.S. fires missiles at Syrian air base 1:01 Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan appears with ‘House of Cards’ star Michael Kelly in opioid epidemic awareness video 0:08 EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser 0:26 Police respond to reported shooting 1:30 State College's new police chief shares law enforcement philosophy Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 1:19 6 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 0:08 a month ago EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser 0:26 3 months ago Police respond to reported shooting View more video Crime Man faces stalking, extortion charges in Centre County Several minors reportedly involved in vehicle thefts Murder suspect arrested in Centre County will return to home state Man charged in Uni-Mart robbery bound over Student faces felony charge after reported police altercation Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Sales of Gift Cards Poised to Reach US$ 698.2 Bn by End of 2024 - Persistence Market Research News provided by Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Apr 06, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article NEW YORK, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Instances where consumers seek alternatives to cash for buying goods will continue to be on a rise in the future. Considering that many people will explore such options, leading retail and banking organizations are offering their customers or members prepaid stored-value money cards, which are commonly called as gift cards. Persistence Market Research, thus, expects the demand for gift cards to witness a considerable upsurge in the years to come. According to its latest report, Persistence Market Research estimates that by the end of 2024, around US$ 698 Bn worth of gift cards will be sold across the globe.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161114/438683LOGO ) The global gift cards market, which is valued just over US$ 307 Bn at present, will progress at an impressive 10.8% CAGR during the forecast period, 2016-2024. Key findings from the report, titled "Global Market Study on Gift Cards: Introduction of Lottery Retail Gift Cards is the Newest Trend in the North America Gift Card Market," indicate that demand for gift cards is expected to gain traction in the corporate sector. The world's corporate setting has actively adopted gift cards as an incentive to employees for their credible performances. The demand for gift cards is further propelled rising proliferation of mobile phones and smartphones. Innovative features in gift cards are also responsible in driving their sales, especially among young demographics. Moreover, rise in number of e-commerce platforms are also expected to boost global sales of gift cards. E-tailing giants such as Amazon.com Inc. and BestBuyCo. Inc. are observed among the world's leading providers of closed-loop gift cards. In 2016, more than US$ 20 Bn worth of global revenues were amassed from e-Gifting. The report projects that by the end of 2024, global revenues arising from sales of e-Gifting or digital gift cards will grow at a staggering CAGR of 20.7%. Nevertheless, the global gift cards market is anticipated to be dominated by brimming sales of universally-accepted open loop gift cards. While the demand for restaurant closed loop gift cards, retail closed loop gift cards and miscellaneous closed loop gift cards witnesses a decline, universally-accepted open loop gift cards will register a value CAGR of 12.1%.  View Report Table of Contents, Figures, and Tables@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/gift-card-market/toc "Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc., Edge Loyalty Systems Pty. Ltd., Gyft, InComm, and National Gift Card Corp., QwikCliver Solutions are leading companies offering open loop gift cards. Other key players in the global gift cards market are Apple Inc., Starbucks Corporation, Target Corporation, and Wal-mart Stores, Inc."  The report has also fragmented the market's growth on basis of merchants. Close to 60% of global gift card revenues during the forecast period are projected to be accounted by restaurant and department store merchants. Likewise, growth of global gift cards market will remain largely concentrated in Asia-Pacific. In 2016, North America has been observed to dominate the global gift cards market, but the region will witness a steep decline towards the end of 2024. Asia-Pacific will emerge as the largest market for gift cards, procuring one-third share in terms of global revenues. Europe's gift cards market will also grow robustly, exhibiting revenue growth at 11.7% CAGR.    A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11560 Persistence Market Research Overview  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Persistence Market Research U.S. Sales Office: 305 Broadway, 7th Floor New York City, NY 10007 United States USA - Canada Toll-Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persitencemarketreserach.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com SOURCE Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Apr 06, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: US Costume Jewelry Market to Reach US$ 20.3 Bn by 2024 - Persistence Market Research Apr 06, 2017, 07:45 ET Preview: Mobile Ticketing Market to Rake in US$ 3.17 Bn Revenues by 2024 end, PMR Report My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 06, 2017, 09:30 ETUS Costume Jewelry Market to Reach US$ 20.3 Bn by 2024 -... Apr 06, 2017, 07:45 ETMobile Ticketing Market to Rake in US$ 3.17 Bn Revenues by 2024... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Retail Computer Software Multimedia & Internet Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Sales of Gift Cards Poised to Reach US$ 698.2 Bn by End of 2024 - Persistence Market Research News provided by Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Apr 06, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Global Sales of Gift Cards Poised to Reach US$ 698.2 Bn by End of 2024 - Persistence Market Research News provided by Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 06 Apr, 2017, 13:30 BST Share this article NEW YORK, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Instances where consumers seek alternatives to cash for buying goods will continue to be on a rise in the future. Considering that many people will explore such options, leading retail and banking organizations are offering their customers or members prepaid stored-value money cards, which are commonly called as gift cards. Persistence Market Research, thus, expects the demand for gift cards to witness a considerable upsurge in the years to come. According to its latest report, Persistence Market Research estimates that by the end of 2024, around US$ 698 Bn worth of gift cards will be sold across the globe.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161114/438683LOGO ) The global gift cards market, which is valued just over US$ 307 Bn at present, will progress at an impressive 10.8% CAGR during the forecast period, 2016-2024. Key findings from the report, titled "Global Market Study on Gift Cards: Introduction of Lottery Retail Gift Cards is the Newest Trend in the North America Gift Card Market," indicate that demand for gift cards is expected to gain traction in the corporate sector. The world's corporate setting has actively adopted gift cards as an incentive to employees for their credible performances. The demand for gift cards is further propelled rising proliferation of mobile phones and smartphones. Innovative features in gift cards are also responsible in driving their sales, especially among young demographics. Moreover, rise in number of e-commerce platforms are also expected to boost global sales of gift cards. E-tailing giants such as Amazon.com Inc. and BestBuyCo. Inc. are observed among the world's leading providers of closed-loop gift cards. In 2016, more than US$ 20 Bn worth of global revenues were amassed from e-Gifting. The report projects that by the end of 2024, global revenues arising from sales of e-Gifting or digital gift cards will grow at a staggering CAGR of 20.7%. Nevertheless, the global gift cards market is anticipated to be dominated by brimming sales of universally-accepted open loop gift cards. While the demand for restaurant closed loop gift cards, retail closed loop gift cards and miscellaneous closed loop gift cards witnesses a decline, universally-accepted open loop gift cards will register a value CAGR of 12.1%.  View Report Table of Contents, Figures, and Tables@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/gift-card-market/toc "Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc., Edge Loyalty Systems Pty. Ltd., Gyft, InComm, and National Gift Card Corp., QwikCliver Solutions are leading companies offering open loop gift cards. Other key players in the global gift cards market are Apple Inc., Starbucks Corporation, Target Corporation, and Wal-mart Stores, Inc."  The report has also fragmented the market's growth on basis of merchants. Close to 60% of global gift card revenues during the forecast period are projected to be accounted by restaurant and department store merchants. Likewise, growth of global gift cards market will remain largely concentrated in Asia-Pacific. In 2016, North America has been observed to dominate the global gift cards market, but the region will witness a steep decline towards the end of 2024. Asia-Pacific will emerge as the largest market for gift cards, procuring one-third share in terms of global revenues. Europe's gift cards market will also grow robustly, exhibiting revenue growth at 11.7% CAGR.    A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11560 Persistence Market Research Overview  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Persistence Market Research U.S. Sales Office: 305 Broadway, 7th Floor New York City, NY 10007 United States USA - Canada Toll-Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persitencemarketreserach.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com SOURCE Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 06 Apr, 2017, 14:30 BST Preview: US Costume Jewelry Market to Reach US$ 20.3 Bn by 2024 - Persistence Market Research 06 Apr, 2017, 12:45 BST Preview: Mobile Ticketing Market to Rake in US$ 3.17 Bn Revenues by 2024 end, PMR Report My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Apr, 2017, 14:30 BSTUS Costume Jewelry Market to Reach US$ 20.3 Bn by 2024 -... 06 Apr, 2017, 12:45 BSTMobile Ticketing Market to Rake in US$ 3.17 Bn Revenues by 2024... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Retail Computer Software Multimedia & Internet Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Sales of Gift Cards Poised to Reach US$ 698.2 Bn by End of 2024 - Persistence Market Research News provided by Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 06 Apr, 2017, 13:30 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest  Letters to the Editor 4-6-17 South Bay Community Calendar 4-6-17 Beach Cities Sports: Golf, football, running, volleyball and more Up in the air: The passage of new zoning has left the Redondo Beach waterfront’s future in doubt. What’s next? The Wondrous art of Shane Guffogg Tziporah Salamon: All dressed up with somewhere to go Try Colossal for an indie alternative to the studio monster movie [MOVIE REVIEW] Spice to close, Royal Thai and Mama D’s open in Redondo, More dining news Twitter Facebook RSS Home News Manhattan Beach Hermosa Beach Redondo Beach El Segundo Palos Verdes RSS Feed Up in the air: The passage of new zoning has left the Redondo Beach waterfront’s future in doubt. What’s next?   By David Mendez Nearly a month after the passage of Redondo Beach’s harbor-area… LA District Attorney serves warrant at Redondo Beach Fire Station No. 1 by David Mendez Officials both from the City of Redondo Beach and the Los… Sign of the times: Aspel, Sammarco say farewell; Brand, Gran and Loewenstein take oath   by David Mendez When City Attorney Michael Webb was recruited to give Steve… Sports Advertise with Us Best of the Beach Survey Business Directory Contact Us Digital Downloads Digital Magazine Flipbooks Drop Zone Easy Reader News in your Inbox Easy Reader Pick-up Locations Events Calendar Open House Directory Open Houses Facebook Comments FAQ Frank Hallstein, Sr. was long Hermosa Beach locksmith Hermosa Beach Real Estate Manhattan Beach Real Estate Obituary Announcement Form Order Cancelled Peninsula People Photo Archive Photo Contest Privacy Policy Proofed Images Real Estate Listings & Homes For Sale Redondo Beach Real Estate Search Results Shopping Cart Site Map Terms of Service Thanks Wedding Announcement Form Calendar RSS Feed Beach Cities Sports: Golf, football, running, volleyball and more Golf: Carter Gaede, 9, of Manhattan Beach won the 7-9 boys division Sunday at… Redondo to host Mira Costa in boys volleyball rivalry match by Randy Angel Mira Costa is off to a fast start in the race… Redondo teen sailor to compete in Italy’s Lake Garda regatta By Randy Angel Battling waves and wind, the thrills afforded a sailor are many.… Surfing Drop Zone El Niño 2016 Endless Session RSS Feed Japanese pros challenge locals at SB Boardriders Jack’s contest in Manhattan Beach Chris Michalak barely fended off three fellow World Surf League pros from Japan to win the open men's division at the SB Boardriders Club Jack's Surf contest in Manattan Beach… Hippy Tree Presents: A Moment Longer featuring Tommy Witt [VIDEO] Last spring Tommy Witt and filmmaker Evan Adamson took a trip to visit their… Alaskan Surf Adventure with Alex Gray and Anthony Walsh [VIDEO] The Aleutian Islands are a chain of islands that extend west from southern Alaska;… Dining Dining Guide Food & Drink Events alcohol craft beer Dining Farmers Market RSS Feed Spice to close, Royal Thai and Mama D’s open in Redondo, More dining news One Less Chinese Option… After over ten years in business it’s time to say… Old school charm in a high concept town [Restaurant Review] If you’re at a party and say you’re going to a Tibetan-Mexican fusion restaurant,… Take a tour of Tower 12 Restaurant in Hermosa Beach (video) We received a private tour of Tower 12 restaurant in Hermosa Beach prior to… Entertainment No categories RSS Feed The Wondrous art of Shane Guffogg “Dance of Thought” Paintings by Shane Guffogg in Manhattan Beach by Bondo Wyszpolski It… Tziporah Salamon: All dressed up with somewhere to go Style Stays, Fashion Fades Tziporah Salamon brings “The Art of Dressing” to the PV… Try Colossal for an indie alternative to the studio monster movie [MOVIE REVIEW] by Morgan Rojas/ www.cinemacy.com Anne Hathaway knows what it’s like to be bullied. The… Opinion No categories RSS Feed Letters to the Editor 4-6-17 Up North Dear ER: I live next to the former Albertsons/Haggens in North Redondo… Letters to the Editor 3-30-17 Polling politics Dear ER: Thank you for this enlightening article, which raised concern surrounding… Letters to the Editor 3-23-17 Peak stupidity Dear ER: The Hermosa Beach initiative toward achieving the moniker of carbon… Photos Video Events Open Houses Milestones Obituaries Best of the Beach View Best of the Beach 2017 winners: Retail & Services Events Arts Events Chamber Events Comedy Events Farmers Market Film Events Food & Drink Events Music Sporting Events Advertisement  Added on April 6, 2017  David Mendez  Redondo Beach Up in the air: The passage of new zoning has left the Redondo Beach waterfront’s future in doubt. What’s next? Decrease Font Size Increase Font Size Text Size Print This Page Send by Email   The Redondo Beach Waterfront. Photo by Brad Jacobson By David Mendez Nearly a month after the passage of Redondo Beach’s harbor-area rezoning Measure C, the future of the Redondo waterfront is cloudier than it’s been in years. Mayor Bill Brand has a dream for a master-planned waterfront that incorporates both City-controlled leaseholds and the land under the AES power plant site. CenterCal CEO Fred Bruning still sees possibilities for the citizens of Redondo Beach to receive the waterfront he believes they deserve, despite legal hurdles in the way. After a failed attempt to rid Redondo Beach of the power plant he has helped to oversee for more than a decade, AES Vice President Eric Pendergraft once still drives down 190th Street, wondering what could’ve been. Now, he wonders who will take the land. Finally, members of Redondo Beach’s voting public, led by Martin Holmes of Rescue Our Waterfront, banded together to create their own vision of the city’s future at the ballot box, one that includes decidedly smaller-scale development than Bruning’s vision. But even the best-laid plans, no matter who sets them in motion, can die — particularly when it comes to the Redondo Beach waterfront.   Powering solutions? News that the City of Redondo Beach and AES had found common ground in wanting to get rid of the long-standing Redondo Generating Station after decades of disagreement flabbergasted longtime onlookers in 2014. But Eric Pendergraft, an engineer by trade who stumbled into political campaigns and relationships with city officials, was more than ready to make a deal and get his company a fair return in exchange for finally clearing the century-old power plant off of the Redondo Beach waterfront. Instead, the Measure B “Harbor Village” rezoning plan died at the ballot box in March 2015, with 52.4 percent of voters against it. Pendergraft was stunned. He said, at the time, that AES might look at building a water desalination plant, a battery storage facility, or even certifying a new plant to go on its 50 acres of land. But in November 2015, the company made an about face, striking a deal with the city to put the land on the real estate market for non-industrial use. More than a year later, AES is still searching for a buyer, though not for want of attention. “We launched marketing in the early part of 2016, and got multiple offers in,” Pendergraft said. “But as we were vetting, we realized we didn’t have enough clarity on a number of things on our side.” Topping that list is the length of time and cost required to demolish the existing plant and remediate the site, which is key assessing the property’s value. Demolition of the plant itself is a touchy subject. As Pendergraft spoke, a stack of apartment buildings to the north of the plant loomed through the window, over his shoulder. The site’s placement amid active retail and residential housing makes implosion untenable, practically forcing manual dismantling, Pendergraft said. A midpoint cost for complete remediation is estimated to be about $95 million, and would take about three years. AES also has to factor in the future of the Southern California Edison switchyard and easements SCE has over the property. There’s also the matter of an “alleged wetland” clouding matters, Pendergraft said. As a landmark outside of AES’s gates notes, the site was once the location of Redondo’s Old Salt Lake. Though Pendergraft challenges the assertion, California Coastal Commission staff believes that there may still be underlying seawater at the site. What all of that means is that AES has seen a range of values for the sale, between $50 million and $250 million. “[It depends on] who is responsible for remediation, if it’s a sale with the site entitled with current zoning or contingent on future zoning and a public vote, as well as Coastal Commission approval and council approval,” Pendergraft said. But even if AES were to find a buyer immediately, Pendergraft believes that construction on the site wouldn’t begin until 2024, including remediation. The existing plant must be decommissioned by the end of 2020 to comply with state regulations. Further complicating matters is AES’s contract to produce power, which ends in December 2020. All of that adds up to a sticky situation for AES, though Pendergraft seems cautiously hopeful. The plant has had suitors at the ready, all planning some form of mixed-use development and seemingly unperturbed by Redondo’s political drama. Measure C may have changed that, though. “We don’t know yet. We’re in the process of going back to developers and assessing their reaction to the results,” Pendergraft said. “It may change our perspective…it may not. If it significantly diminishes their interest or value, that will probably result in us saying we’re going to hold, and wait for a better overall environment.” However, Pendergraft also noted that Brand’s election may be a boon to some developers. “That the most vocal opposition group now has one of their leaders in charge…if you can get him satisfied with the development scenario for the site, the path gets a lot clearer,” Pendergraft said. The key is finding a solution that is a win to everyone involved, from AES to the developer to the residents. But given the current climate in Redondo Beach, mixed-use might be a stumbling block.   Publicly-laid plans   On March 30, more than 100 people sat around 10 tables at Samba Brazilian Grill, spinning ideas for what they’d like to see now that Measure C is the law of the land. Twenty posters, titled with prompts, taped to the walls were eventually filled with sticky notes provided at the tables. One poster asked what people liked about CenterCal’s plan; another asked what they disliked. Two more asked the same questions about the existing waterfront, while a fifth poster asked people to politely send a message to CenterCal. “That one got a good 30 to 40 messages, all pretty polite, mostly asking CenterCal to ‘work with us to develop something balanced that meets Measure C, or just go away,’” Martin Holmes said. What Holmes took away from that night was that the community felt ignored by CenterCal. “There was near-unanimous thinking that the project was too big, too dense and didn’t have enough open space,” Holmes said. “And CenterCal responded to that by making it more big and more dense with less open space.” The town hall, as Holmes called it, was the first in an expected series, as ROW makes an effort to bring in resident views from all sides. Holmes estimated that, on average, about 50 responses were attached to the posters, resulting in about 1,000 ideas from the roughly 100 people in attendance. The biggest issue, he noted, was about harbor-area recreation. “People valued different concepts with a swimming facility, whether it’s Seaside Lagoon or a wave pool, or something in the middle,” Holmes said. “They wanted a safe, good location for a boat ramp, and they wanted open space to just walk around and enjoy the view.” Inside the room, ideas hit common themes: there should be parkland, restaurants in all price ranges, retail shops should serve waterfront needs, art and recreation should be considered. “Some didn’t care about Seaside Lagoon or a boat ramp, and some people liked a movie theater,” Holmes said. “Certainly some ideas are going against the ROW grain, but nevertheless, you’ll find those in our 30 pages of raw notes and see it in the analysis.” Holmes estimates that it’ll still be a good week or so before he’s analyzed the data, but he thinks there’s still room to work. “If CenterCal were to come back to the community with something they want, I don’t think the community would fight them…it’s about the substance of what’s created for Redondo Beach,” Holmes said. “But I will say, the one point where people are taking it personally is CenterCal’s rejection of Measure C and their lawsuit against the City.” Holmes’s goal is for the City Council to listen to the will of the people and send Measure C to the Coastal Commission so they can “do with it what they will.” But he is more than happy to meet with CenterCal and Bruning to discuss the community’s wants going forward. “I think the community has spoken here, and said they’re willing to work with a CenterCal, but we need a partner here,” Holmes said. “We can’t compromise if there’s not a partner involved.” Redondo Beach Mayor Bill Brand and Rescue Our Waterfront leader Martin Holmes at a community town hall. Photo by David Mendez   Searching for open minds   CenterCal CEO Fred Bruning often keeps a smile, a cheerful tone and a homespun joke at the ready. That an undercurrent of frustration rode below his takes on the results of the Measure C election shows how unhappy he was with what took place on March 8. “There was so much misinformation spread, people who said they voted for Measure C because they heard we were putting workforce housing on office buildings, or building the equivalent of five Walmarts,” Bruning said, shaking his head. “A typical Walmart in Southern California is 265,000 square feet — five Walmarts would be 1.3 million.” At some point, Bruning said, it seems that opposition to his company’s project “lost its polarization on their magnetic compass.” Bruning can’t help but point out the irony that the very things that Measure C proponents hoped to “save” from CenterCal may be reaching their end anyway. The end of Redondo’s Sportfishing Pier has been closed for structural repairs, and mechanical failures have worried civic leaders that Seaside Lagoon won’t operate in time for the Fourth of July. But, to ensure that the Waterfront project has a fighting chance following the passage of Measure C, CenterCal has filed a lawsuit with the City of Redondo Beach to challenge the rezoning measure’s legality. “What we feel is that we’re already vested because of our approvals,” Bruning said. “Measure C itself says it doesn’t apply to any projects that are vested…so if we are, then by their own admission, C doesn’t apply to us.” The lawsuit, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court and delivered to the City on March 28, argues that Measure C is “illegal, unconstitutional and invalid” under state law, and is seeking the Court prohibit the enforcement of all of Measure C’s provisions. CenterCal’s belief is that the project has been vested through both the completion of its application with the city, as well as decisions made by Redondo’s Harbor Commission and City Council approving the project and frameworks to advance further. “Three thousand more people voted ‘Yes’ for Measure G than ‘Yes’ on Measure C,” Bruning said, when asked if he felt a voter mandate shot down the Waterfront plan. “I think if C had been presented in an honest and unbiased way, and people had not done everything from voter intimidation to outright falsehoods, the community would have had a better chance to weigh in.” The plan now, Bruning said, is to pursue their court petition and permitting with the Coastal Commission, all the while continuing attempts to sway the public to their side. To that end, Bruning hopes that CenterCal’s information center, at the former On The Rocks location near Harbor Drive and Portofino Way, will be able to deter what he considered “fake news” coming from rivals. “Whether it’s civil engineers, marine engineers, environmental scientists, or people who just understand the science behind what’s going on at the Lagoon,” Bruning said. “We’re going to invite people from organizations on what’s happening in the most successful communities, like walkability and living streets, all things we intend to make part of this project.” He also hoped that more information about the project might stem the undercurrents of racism he saw in the opposition campaign. “There were posters they had, showing police helicopters over the project, that it was bringing in ‘those people,’ which infuriates me,” Bruning said, fighting claims that the project wasn’t built for Redondo’s citizens. “Building something for Redondo has been our goal from day one, but…we want to build something that’s so compelling that people from all over Southern California may want to visit and enjoy the project,” Bruning said. “Hearing that we’re going to bring in gangbangers and five Walmarts and police helicopters panders to the worst attributes of [our society].” That said, Bruning doesn’t feel the sides are forever split. “People who work in good faith can get along, but if you don’t wish to, you can never move them,” Bruning said, hoping that they will be able to meet with new members of the City Council, such as Todd Loewenstein. “We’re open to having a discussion with anyone; it’s a lot easier to have them with someone with an open mind, and we hope Todd will have that.”   Building a new Brand By the time this issue hits the streets, Bill Brand will have been Redondo Beach’s mayor for less than 48 hours. But when it comes to matters of the waterfront, Brand’s an old hand. His road to activism started with the Heart of the City plan, in 2001. He and his wife at the time were flipping through TV channels when they happened to catch a planning commission hearing on the plan. “Before that, I was like those people who had their face in the sand,” Brand said. “I didn’t know what was going on and I didn’t care. But once I bought a house, I started to pay much closer attention.” He watched as person after person got up, voicing their disapproval and was stunned when the Planning Commission, and eventually, the City Council, passed the plan. He was shocked by the density of Heart of the City, maxing out at 3,000 condo units, and amazed that anyone could approve that plan. That’s when he got involved, gathering signatures, supporting candidates and forming bonds among fellow activists. Sixteen years, one failed council run and three successful elections later, Brand is now Redondo Beach’s leader. “People move here for a reason — they get here and they like it,” Brand said. “Then change comes knocking at the door, and they say ‘No, I don’t want you to change anything.’ That’s the message we’re seeing time and time again.” That, he feels, has spurred community activism and the passage of ballot measures designed to combat overdevelopment. “That’s been my fundamental policy: We don’t want to become Santa Monica and we don’t want to become Manhattan Beach,” Brand said. “We want to maintain the culture we have.” The desire to keep the Redondo Beach he’s known is what’s kept him fighting against City, and then AES, during their proposals to build more housing along the Redondo Beach waterfront. It’s also what kept him in the fight against CenterCal’s Waterfront development project. “Building a giant project, or a bunch of housing, people — young, old, rich, poor — don’t want that,” Brand said. “The more people learned about CenterCal, the more people came to our side; we were surmising that, had this campaign kept going another week, [Measure C] would’ve had 60 percent.” Now that the CenterCal project hangs in the balance, to be decided by courts and the Coastal Commission, Brand hopes to move forward with setting a master plan for the Redondo Beach waterfront, including the AES power plant. “AES has always wanted to have their little individual overdevelopment project…I think they’re looking out of their own best interest at every turn in hopes of getting a large development program,” Brand said. “But that’s unrealistic. We’ve got 50 acres on the waterfront; we should be creating a comprehensive integrated plan to benefit everyone.” Having almost the entirety of the King Harbor waterfront under city control is a boon, but to ignore AES’s 50 acres is “piecemeal overdevelopment,” Brand said. Pendergraft, however, feel that Brand’s vision is a stretch. “The ‘master plan’ concept sounds great on the surface, but there’s a lot of complications,” Pendergraft said. “We’re on completely different timelines; the waterfront is ready to be developed now, but at a minimum, our site won’t be ready for any new development until 2024.” Bruning concurs. “First of all, the two projects have nothing to do with each other; the Waterfront’s benefits go to the city; they get rent, we take on infrastructure costs,” Bruning said. “AES is a very complicated project that’s going to involve many years of discussion…not to say it’s not going to be a wonderful project at the end of the day.” What it comes down to, Bruning believes, is a sense of kicking the can down the road in terms of projects. “I’ve heard people say, ‘What if you put all the parking at AES?’ Parking there would be inconvenient for customers, and they won’t want to come,” Bruning said. “I’ve heard housing, another hotel, a lot of possibilities, but no one has a clue as to what the answer is…none of them have answers.” Brand isn’t trying to come up with all of the answers. He’s just looking to keep Redondo Beach as he remembers it. “Some people are trying to turn this into Santa Monica. That tide, I’m trying to stem, but I’m not trying to stem the tide of reasonable economic growth, quality of life or increasing revenues,” Brand said. “I want to accomplish those things without overdevelopment projects like CenterCal, or allowing AES to build hundreds of condos.” comments so far. Comments posted to EasyReaderNews.com may be reprinted in the Easy Reader print edition, which is published each Thursday. by David Mendez David Mendez is the beat reporter for Redondo Beach. If you've got tips, questions, or just want to talk, feel free to reach out on Twitter, via email or by phone, at 424-269-2834. Follow me You must be logged in to post a comment Login Advertisement Advertisement Tags Art Barfly Beach Volleyball Best of the Beach Best of the Beach 2013: Dining Best of the Beach 2014 Best of the Beach 2014: Dining Best of the Beach 2015 Best of the Beach 2015 Dining best of the beach 2016 best of the beach 2017 Best of the Beach: Dining Blue Zones Project Business Crime DBA Dirty Hippie Drop Zone Drop Zone LA El Segundo Endless Session feature Hermosa Beach High School Sports international surf festival Letters Letters to the Editor Manhattan Beach Movie Reviews Music Neely on Reels newsletter Notice On Local Government Palos Verdes People Public Notice Redondo Beach Restaurant Reviews running South Bay Theater the Nightlife Torrance Water Sports Top ↑ Sections Beach Magazine Best of the Beach Dining Diving El Niño 2016 Endless Session Entertainment Events Legal Notices News Obituaries Opinion Paid Content Peninsula People Photos Sports Surfing Video Subscribe to our daily newsletter Daily News and Weekly Entertainment & Dining News delivered right to your inbox. We will never share your address. • Please enter your address, • Choose which newsletters you'd like to receive, • Select your preferred format, • Click Subscribe. Email Address Easy Reader Newsletters Daily News Weekly Entertainment & Dining News Preferred Format HTML Text More Search issues 1999-2009 Contact Us Pick-up Locations Advertise Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Digital Magazine Flipbooks ↑ Easy Reader News Log in - Designed by Jared Thompson  
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics Don’t like the proposed border tax? House GOP is changing it The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it In this April 4, 2017, photo, the Capitol is seen at dawn in Washington. Faced with mounting opposition within the Republican Party, a powerful House chairman says he is making significant changes to a proposed tax on imports. Rep. Kevin Brady says he is working on changes to both the design of the tax and how it would be phased in. The Texas Republican did not offer more specifics, but said he meets regularly with President Donald Trump’s economic team. (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press) By Stephen Ohlemacher | AP By Stephen Ohlemacher | AP April 6 at 3:31 AM WASHINGTON — Faced with mounting opposition within the Republican Party, a powerful House committee chairman says he is making significant changes to a proposed tax on imports. Rep. Kevin Brady says he is working on changes to both the design of the tax and how it would be phased in. The Texas Republican did not offer more specifics, but said he meets regularly with President Donald Trump’s economic team. The Trump administration has sent mixed signals on the proposed tax. Brady, who chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, said the changes are based on input from businesses, individuals and, importantly, Senate Republicans. Not a single Republican senator has publicly supported the tax. A growing number have opposed it. “I think that the key is for us to work to resolve and narrow the differences on these provisions, always with the goal of the lowest rate in modern history for job creators,” Brady said. The changes are being worked on as Brady reaches out to House Democrats to gauge whether they will work with Republicans on a tax overhaul. Brady met with Democratic members of the committee Wednesday. Afterward, several Democrats said the meeting was cordial but preliminary. “We’re not negotiating with them at this point. We’re just listening,” said Rep. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y. A growing number of House Republicans say that a tax overhaul should be bipartisan, especially after Republicans failed to pass a health care bill without trying to get support from Democrats. They worry that Republicans in the House will face the same divisions on a tax bill. The new “border adjustment tax” would be applied to profits from goods and services consumed in the U.S., whether they are domestically produced or imported. Exports would be exempt. The border tax is a key part of Republicans’ plan to lower the top corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. It would raise more than $1 trillion over a decade to help pay for lower overall tax rates. House GOP leaders say the tax would help make American companies more competitive with their foreign counterparts, while encouraging companies to stay in the U.S. or even move here. Most tax experts agree that America’s current tax system rewards companies for moving headquarters and jobs overseas. The border tax is being lobbied hard on both sides. Industries that rely on imports, including retailers, automakers and oil refineries, say the tax would be passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices. They also warn that the new tax could violate trade rules under the World Trade Organization. A retail group led by Walmart, Target, Toyota, Best Buy and many others has launched a campaign against the tax. On the other side, Boeing, Caterpillar, General Electric and others say the tax would benefit American manufacturers, a key campaign promise by Trump. In theory, economists say that the new tax would cause the dollar to increase in value compared to other currencies. This would make imports cheaper and exports more expensive, reducing or even eliminating the effect of the tax on consumer prices. But there is no consensus among economists on how it would work in the real world. Because the tax is such a significant departure from the current system, many lawmakers from both parties are wary of it. “When it comes to border adjustment, I would need to see a transition rule that gives me a comfortable level that we’re not picking winners and losers, it can pass WTO, and at the same time we’re not pushing costs on to consumers,” said Rep. James Renacci, R-Ohio, a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Renacci has been working on his own tax plan and it doesn’t include the border tax. “I’m not a big believer that the federal government should be picking winners and losers, whether it’s in the auto industry or whether it’s in tax reform,” he said. ___ Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. politics congress Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics congress Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Bannon removed from security council as McMaster asserts control 2 Stephen Bannon removed from National Security Council 3 The left and right agree: Fox News destroyed EPA chief Scott Pruitt over climate change 4 Analysis Trump’s handling of Syria has some Senate Republicans very concerned 5 Analysis Neil Gorsuch’s 11th-hour plagiarism scare Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics congress Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
April 7, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube RSS Follow Us Chestertown Spy An e-newspaper for Chestertown Maryland Home About The Chestertown Spy Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Advertising Terms & Conditions Editors & Writers Board of Advisors Dedication & Acknowledgements Code of Ethics Terms of Use Technical FAQ Privacy Arts Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life News P.O.V. Recovery Senior Nation You are here: Home / Arts / Homepage Notes / Author Barbara Ehrenreich Discusses Work in America April 14 Author Barbara Ehrenreich Discusses Work in America April 14 April 6, 2017 by Washington College News Service Leave a Comment Barbara Ehrenreich, best-selling author and a leading thinker and writer on work and labor in America, will give a keynote lecture on April 14 as part of the month-long series of public humanities programs that complement the Smithsonian traveling exhibition, “The Way We Worked.” From her landmark book, Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting by in America, to her recent New York Times Magazine article “Divisions of Labor,” Ehrenreich has explored the ins and outs—and ups and downs—of working class America.With her characteristic frankness and humor, Ehrenreich will share insights gleaned over four decades of reporting from the frontlines of the American workplace. The free, public event, sponsored by the C.V. Starr Center for the Study of the American Experience, starts at 5:30 p.m. at Hynson Lounge, Hodson Hall on the Washington College campus. A book-signing will follow, and copies of Ehrenreich’s books will be available for purchase. The daughter of a miner, Ehrenreich was born in Butte, Montana, which she recalls as “a bustling, brawling, blue collar mining town.”A social and political activist, Ehrenreich describes herself as “a myth buster by trade.” She is a widely read and award-winning columnist and the author of 21 books. Ehrenreich’s New York Times bestselling book Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America, is a memoir of her three-month social experiment trying to survive on minimum wage while working as a waitress, hotel maid, house cleaner, nursing-home aide, and Wal-Mart clerk. In her later work, Bait and Switch, Ehrenreich enters another hidden realm of the economy: the shadowy world of the white-collar unemployed. As corporations take pride in “rightsizing,” those who have been “let go” discover that job searching becomes a full-time job in itself. The talk is part of the month-long, community wide exhibition “The Way We Worked,” based at Chestertown’s Sumner Hall.“The Way We Worked” has been made possible in Maryland by Maryland Humanities and is part of Museum on Main Street, a collaboration between the Smithsonian Institution and State Humanities Councils nationwide. Filed Under: Homepage Notes, Portal Notes, Washington College ← Ecosystem: Midshore Riverkeeper Conservancy Seeks Watershed Coordinator | Chuck Redd’s Tribute to Charlie Byrd at The Mainstay April 15 → Write a Letter to the Editor on this Article We encourage readers to offer their point of view on this article by submitting the following form. Editing is sometimes necessary and is done at the discretion of the editorial staff. Cancel reply Name * Email * Website The Chestertown Spy The Talbot Spy Top Stories Best of the Spy News Point of View Arts Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life Shore Recovery Spy Senior Nation About Subscribe Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Return to top of page Copyright © 2017 · Spy Publications on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Jeff Bezos is selling $1bn a year in Amazon stock to finance space race Mr Bezos has identified reusable rocket parts as a key to lowering the price of admission to the field, which he said would lead to a ‘golden age of space exploration’ Nicholas St. Fleur © 2017 The New York Times Thursday 6 April 2017 09:17 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Asked how much passengers would pay, Mr Bezos said he did not know yet, but he predicted ticket prices would decline as space flight became more common Getty Standing against the backdrop of his New Shepard rocket booster and a full-scale mock capsule for carrying humans into space, Jeff Bezos revealed Wednesday that he was selling about $1bn in Amazon stock a year to finance his Blue Origin rocket company. Mr Bezos, the billionaire founder of Amazon, showed off the reusable rocket booster and the mock-up of the capsule that will take people up for panoramic views back down at Earth, during a symposium here. Mr Bezos, who hopes to build Blue Origin into a commercial and tourist venture, also disclosed that it would cost about $2.5bn to develop an even bigger rocket, New Glenn, capable of lifting satellites and, eventually, people into orbit. Read more SpaceX: Falcon 9 makes history as first ever recycled rocket launch Like his fellow technology titan Elon Musk of SpaceX and Tesla, Mr Bezos has identified reusable rocket parts as a key to lowering the price of admission to the field, which he said Wednesday would lead to a “golden age of space exploration”. “If we can make access to space low-cost, then entrepreneurs will be unleashed,” he said. “You will see creativity, you will see dynamism, you will see the same thing in space that I’ve witnessed on the internet in the last 20 years.” Last month, Mr Bezos announced the first-paying customer, Eutelstat, a satellite company, for New Glenn, whose commercial flights would help offset costs. New Glenn is expected to fly by 2020, he said, but humans will not be passengers on the heavy-lift rocket until many years after that. Mr Bezos has repeatedly expressed caution about setting timetables for the start of Blue Origin’s commercial or passenger trips, and he did not diverge from that Wednesday. He would not say when New Shepard would undergo its next round of test flights, or set a specific date as a goal, merely mentioning next year for possible tourist trips. “It’s a mistake to race to a deadline when you’re talking about a flying vehicle, especially one that you’re going to put people on,” he said. “I still think we can do commercial paying passengers in 2018.” Asked how much passengers would pay, Mr Bezos said he did not know yet, but he predicted ticket prices would decline as space flight became more common. (Hundreds of people have already put down deposits to reserve places on similar commercial trips on Virgin Galactic that could cost $250,000 a ticket, although that company’s space plane has yet to take anyone up.) New Shepard is a modest start for Mr Bezos’ ambitions to tap into the nascent space tourism market. It is a single-stage booster with a capsule on top that is designed to carry six passengers at a time on trips of about 10 to 11 minutes. There will not be a Blue Origin crew on the spacecraft. Passengers wearing sleek jump suits will be able to peer out what the company says will be the largest windows in space, taking up about one third of the surface area of the dome. Read more SpaceX is about to try something 'potentially revolutionary' 'Supermassive' black hole rocketing through space at five million mph Stephen Hawking will travel to space on board Richard Branson's ship About 12ft in diameter, the passenger capsule holds six black seats that resemble recliners, with panels offering details about altitude and other features of a trip. The engine that powers the booster produces up to about 110,000 pounds of thrust. On ascent, passengers will experience forces of about three Gs, about three times the normal force of gravity that humans experience on earth. When the booster reaches a certain altitude, the capsule will detach and coast above the Karman line, which is 62 miles above sea level, officially entering into space. There, the passengers will experience about four to five minutes of weightlessness. They can unbuckle their harnesses and do somersaults, if desired, in the padded-dome interior. On descent, they will encounter forces of five Gs. The capsule will parachute back to the plains of West Texas, slowing to a coasting speed of about 20mph, while the booster drops and fires its engine to slow down and make a vertical landing. The capsule slows to three mph before touching down. Both pieces are reusable to make the trips more economical. “Reusability is the key to getting millions of people living and working in space,” Mr Bezos said. While the concept is similar to the procedures SpaceX has used to recover the boosters for its Falcon nine rockets, SpaceX’s endeavours have been far more challenging, because the boosters must accelerate to speeds of thousands of mph in order to put payloads on a trajectory to reach orbit. Just last week, SpaceX successfully launched a satellite into space with a reused booster, a first for commercial space flight. New Shepard has a simpler flight path: just up and down, almost like a big roller coaster that slows to a stop at the top of its arc. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 Amazon 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo However, Mr Bezos and his Blue Origin team believe that New Shepard, which is expected to fly many times, will give the company ample practice and experience that can be applied to New Glenn, which will be manufactured and launched in Florida. The New Shepard booster on display at the Colorado symposium made five successful up-and-down flights beginning in November 2015. Its last flight, in October, included a test of an emergency-abort system that is designed to blast the capsule — and, eventually, passengers — to safety in case something goes wrong with the booster. The abort system worked. To the pleasant surprise of the engineers, the booster survived the force of separation, righted itself and descended to a landing. (It would have still been considered a successful test if the booster had crashed.) A Virgin Galactic test flight in 2014 crashed, killing one pilot and severely injuring the other. Both Mr Bezos and Mr Musk have much more ambitious goals beyond their current rockets. Mr Musk wants to send settlers to Mars. Mr Bezos has said his long-term vision involves having millions of people living and working in space. NYT More about: SpaceX Jeff Bezos Elon Musk Amazon Virgin Galactic space exploration Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Penn State Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Calendar Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Police log, April 6, 2017 POLL Do you often use recipes from cookbooks? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Staff Reports / Published: April 6, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     JACQUELINE DORMER/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER STATE POLICE LOOK OVER THE SCENE OF A MOTORCYCLE ACCIDENT WEDNESDAY IN THIS DRIVEWAY OFF OF DETURKSVILLE ROAD, ROUTE 443, IN PINE GROVE. Man injured in motorcycle crash FRIEDENSBURG — State police at Schuylkill Haven investigated a vehicle accident involving a motorcycle about 6:30 p.m. Wednesday on Deturksville Road, Route 443, east of Windy Lane, Washington Township. Police said the rider of a 2002 Triumph Bonnivelle motorcycle, Douglas E. Campbell, 48, of Orwigsburg, was traveling east on Deturksville Road behind the driver of a 2002 GMC Sierra 2500, Stephen H. Babb, 51, of Pine Grove. Police said that as Babb slowed town to make a left turn into a private driveway, Campbell tried to pass him in the westbound lane. Campbell then struck the truck behind the driver’s side door. Police said that Campbell was wearing a helmet and was flown to Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center for treatment of suspected serious injuries. Police said they were assisted by Pine Grove Fire and Ambulance and Schuylkill EMS. Also assisting were Pine Grove Fire and Rescue and Friedensburg Fire and Fire Police. The motorcycle was towed from the scene. Woman faces drug, theft charges ELIZABETHVILLE — A Lykens woman was arrested by state police at Lykens following an incident about 1 p.m. March 16 at Wal-Mart, 200 Kocher Lane, Washington Township, Dauphin County. Police said Jamie Lynn Mangum, 24, removed numerous items from the store and when taken into custody was found with multiple items consistent with illegal drug use. Retail theft and drug charges against Mangum were filed with Magisterial District Judge Rebecca Margerum, Elizabethville, police said. Police investigate theft of money LYKENS — State police at Lykens are investigating a theft involving a Lykens man that occurred noon on March 27. Police said James Shipley reported someone unlawfully removed $400 from his bank account at an unknown location in Brooklyn, N.Y. Anyone with information is asked to call state police at Lykens at 717-362-8700. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS World News LATEST NEWS Two of three soldiers trapped in J&K avalanche found dead, 1 still missing Rex Tillerson to visit Moscow as US, Russia face fresh tensions Samsung heir Lee Jae-Yong, accused of bribery, perjury as trial opens I-T raid in Tamil Nadu health minister Vijaya Bhaskar residence Sarin: lethal nerve gas that kills in minutes Water level in Jhelum recede as rain stops Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Policy & GovtPeopleInternationalIndustryInternal SecurityAnalysis & Geo-StrategyEquipment & OrdnanceMobility & Weapons International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 10:17 AM | 07 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,872-54.93 NIFTY 50 9,243-18.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,872151.00 USD/INR 64.37-0.16 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Don't like the proposed border tax? House GOP is changing it By AP | Updated: Apr 06, 2017, 01.12 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Toyota | texas | Income Tax | house tax | Donald Trump | Brady | auto industry The Trump administration has sent mixed signals on the proposed tax. Company Summary NSE BSE Brady Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Tax Alert: Fake rent receipts won't help you anymore WASHINGTON: Faced with mounting opposition within the Republican Party, a powerful House committee chairman says he is making significant changes to a proposed tax on imports. Rep. Kevin Brady says he is working on changes to both the design of the tax and how it would be phased in. The Texas Republican did not offer more specifics, but said he meets regularly with President Donald Trump's economic team. The Trump administration has sent mixed signals on the proposed tax. Brady, who chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, said the changes are based on input from businesses, individuals and, importantly, Senate Republicans. Not a single Republican senator has publicly supported the tax. A growing number have opposed it. "I think that the key is for us to work to resolve and narrow the differences on these provisions, always with the goal of the lowest rate in modern history for job creators," Brady said. The changes are being worked on as Brady reaches out to House Democrats to gauge whether they will work with Republicans on a tax overhaul. Brady met with Democratic members of the committee Wednesday. Afterward, several Democrats said the meeting was cordial but preliminary. "We're not negotiating with them at this point. We're just listening," said Rep. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y. A growing number of House Republicans say that a tax overhaul should be bipartisan, especially after Republicans failed to pass a health care bill without trying to get support from Democrats. They worry that Republicans in the House will face the same divisions on a tax bill. The new "border adjustment tax" would be applied to profits from goods and services consumed in the US, whether they are domestically produced or imported. Exports would be exempt. The border tax is a key part of Republicans' plan to lower the top corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. It would raise more than $1 trillion over a decade to help pay for lower overall tax rates. House GOP leaders say the tax would help make American companies more competitive with their foreign counterparts, while encouraging companies to stay in the US or even move here. Most tax experts agree that America's current tax system rewards companies for moving headquarters and jobs overseas. The border tax is being lobbied hard on both sides. Industries that rely on imports, including retailers, automakers and oil refineries, say the tax would be passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices. They also warn that the new tax could violate trade rules under the World Trade Organization. A retail group led by Walmart, Target, Toyota, Best Buy and many others has launched a campaign against the tax. On the other side, Boeing, Caterpillar, General Electric and others say the tax would benefit American manufacturers, a key campaign promise by Trump. In theory, economists say that the new tax would cause the dollar to increase in value compared to other currencies. This would make imports cheaper and exports more expensive, reducing or even eliminating the effect of the tax on consumer prices. But there is no consensus among economists on how it would work in the real world. Because the tax is such a significant departure from the current system, many lawmakers from both parties are wary of it. "When it comes to border adjustment, I would need to see a transition rule that gives me a comfortable level that we're not picking winners and losers, it can pass WTO, and at the same time we're not pushing costs on to consumers," said Rep. James Renacci, R-Ohio, a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Renacci has been working on his own tax plan and it doesn't include the border tax. "I'm not a big believer that the federal government should be picking winners and losers, whether it's in the auto industry or whether it's in tax reform," he said. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner Windshield Recycling? We're Setting Records. Safelite This game will keep you up all night! Pirates: Free Online GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Clifton: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Food & Wine for Plated Meet the Easiest Way for Online Shoppers to Get Unbelievab.. Tophatter How Time Tracking Adds Up To Exacting Value-Based Pricing Quickbooks Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door READ MORE ON » Toyota | texas | Income Tax | house tax | Donald Trump | Brady | auto industry To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Trai forces Reliance Jio to withdraw Summer Surprise offer IPL 2017: Steven Smith powers Pune Supergiant to a thrilling win over Mumbai Indians Answer 'blows with blows' if India plays dirty: Chinese media After advancing Budget, government adds procedural speed to its Rs 21.47-lakh-crore spending plan No surprises: Reserve Bank of India keeps repo rate unchanged More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRBI Policy|IPL 2017 BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World Don't like the proposed border tax? House GOP is changing it Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print In this April 4, 2017, photo, the Capitol is seen at dawn in Washington. Faced with mounting opposition within the Republican Party, a powerful House chairman says he is making significant changes to a proposed tax on imports. Rep. Kevin Brady says he is working on changes to both the design of the tax and how it would be phased in. The Texas Republican did not offer more specifics, but said he meets regularly with President Donald Trump‚Äôs economic team. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite) By: Stephen OhlemacHer The Associated Press Published on WASHINGTON — Faced with mounting opposition within the Republican Party, a powerful House committee chairman says he is making significant changes to a proposed tax on imports. Rep. Kevin Brady says he is working on changes to both the design of the tax and how it would be phased in. The Texas Republican did not offer more specifics, but said he meets regularly with President Donald Trump's economic team. The Trump administration has sent mixed signals on the proposed tax. Brady, who chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, said the changes are based on input from businesses, individuals and, importantly, Senate Republicans. Not a single Republican senator has publicly supported the tax. A growing number have opposed it. "I think that the key is for us to work to resolve and narrow the differences on these provisions, always with the goal of the lowest rate in modern history for job creators," Brady said. The changes are being worked on as Brady reaches out to House Democrats to gauge whether they will work with Republicans on a tax overhaul. Brady met with Democratic members of the committee Wednesday. Afterward, several Democrats said the meeting was cordial but preliminary. "We're not negotiating with them at this point. We're just listening," said Rep. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y. A growing number of House Republicans say that a tax overhaul should be bipartisan, especially after Republicans failed to pass a health care bill without trying to get support from Democrats. They worry that Republicans in the House will face the same divisions on a tax bill. The new "border adjustment tax" would be applied to profits from goods and services consumed in the U.S., whether they are domestically produced or imported. Exports would be exempt. The border tax is a key part of Republicans' plan to lower the top corporate income tax rate from 35 per cent to 20 per cent . It would raise more than $1 trillion over a decade to help pay for lower overall tax rates. House GOP leaders say the tax would help make American companies more competitive with their foreign counterparts, while encouraging companies to stay in the U.S. or even move here. Most tax experts agree that America's current tax system rewards companies for moving headquarters and jobs overseas. The border tax is being lobbied hard on both sides. Industries that rely on imports, including retailers, automakers and oil refineries, say the tax would be passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices. They also warn that the new tax could violate trade rules under the World Trade Organization. A retail group led by Walmart, Target, Toyota, Best Buy and many others has launched a campaign against the tax. On the other side, Boeing, Caterpillar, General Electric and others say the tax would benefit American manufacturers, a key campaign promise by Trump. In theory, economists say that the new tax would cause the dollar to increase in value compared to other currencies. This would make imports cheaper and exports more expensive, reducing or even eliminating the effect of the tax on consumer prices. But there is no consensus among economists on how it would work in the real world. Because the tax is such a significant departure from the current system, many lawmakers from both parties are wary of it. "When it comes to border adjustment, I would need to see a transition rule that gives me a comfortable level that we're not picking winners and losers, it can pass WTO, and at the same time we're not pushing costs on to consumers," said Rep. James Renacci, R-Ohio, a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Renacci has been working on his own tax plan and it doesn't include the border tax. "I'm not a big believer that the federal government should be picking winners and losers, whether it's in the auto industry or whether it's in tax reform," he said. ___ Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap Editors' Picks Video: A man tried Kendall Jenner's Pepsi peace trick, it did not go well Good dogs: Study says pooches can help reduce allergies, obesity in kids More than a feline: But why are cats just so...weird? Dutch men clasp hands in solidarity with assaulted LGBT couple More on Metronews.ca Most Popular 'They're opening up their hearts:' Halifax-area new mom with terminal cancer overwhelmed with community support Police ask for help finding missing Halifax-area woman, last seen headed to Peggy's Cove A night in the life of a Vancouver street kid What about the children: Parent group calls for end to adults-only buildings in Alberta Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Don't like the proposed border tax? House GOP is changing it By Associated Press Published: 03:29 EDT, 6 April 2017 | Updated: 03:31 EDT, 6 April 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) - Faced with mounting opposition within the Republican Party, a powerful House committee chairman says he is making significant changes to a proposed tax on imports. Rep. Kevin Brady says he is working on changes to both the design of the tax and how it would be phased in. The Texas Republican did not offer more specifics, but said he meets regularly with President Donald Trump's economic team. The Trump administration has sent mixed signals on the proposed tax. In this April 4, 2017, photo, the Capitol is seen at dawn in Washington. Faced with mounting opposition within the Republican Party, a powerful House chairman says he is making significant changes to a proposed tax on imports. Rep. Kevin Brady says he is working on changes to both the design of the tax and how it would be phased in. The Texas Republican did not offer more specifics, but said he meets regularly with President Donald Trump's economic team. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite) Brady, who chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, said the changes are based on input from businesses, individuals and, importantly, Senate Republicans. Not a single Republican senator has publicly supported the tax. A growing number have opposed it. "I think that the key is for us to work to resolve and narrow the differences on these provisions, always with the goal of the lowest rate in modern history for job creators," Brady said. The changes are being worked on as Brady reaches out to House Democrats to gauge whether they will work with Republicans on a tax overhaul. Brady met with Democratic members of the committee Wednesday. Afterward, several Democrats said the meeting was cordial but preliminary. "We're not negotiating with them at this point. We're just listening," said Rep. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y. A growing number of House Republicans say that a tax overhaul should be bipartisan, especially after Republicans failed to pass a health care bill without trying to get support from Democrats. They worry that Republicans in the House will face the same divisions on a tax bill. The new "border adjustment tax" would be applied to profits from goods and services consumed in the U.S., whether they are domestically produced or imported. Exports would be exempt. The border tax is a key part of Republicans' plan to lower the top corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. It would raise more than $1 trillion over a decade to help pay for lower overall tax rates. House GOP leaders say the tax would help make American companies more competitive with their foreign counterparts, while encouraging companies to stay in the U.S. or even move here. Most tax experts agree that America's current tax system rewards companies for moving headquarters and jobs overseas. The border tax is being lobbied hard on both sides. Industries that rely on imports, including retailers, automakers and oil refineries, say the tax would be passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices. They also warn that the new tax could violate trade rules under the World Trade Organization. A retail group led by Walmart, Target, Toyota, Best Buy and many others has launched a campaign against the tax. On the other side, Boeing, Caterpillar, General Electric and others say the tax would benefit American manufacturers, a key campaign promise by Trump. In theory, economists say that the new tax would cause the dollar to increase in value compared to other currencies. This would make imports cheaper and exports more expensive, reducing or even eliminating the effect of the tax on consumer prices. But there is no consensus among economists on how it would work in the real world. Because the tax is such a significant departure from the current system, many lawmakers from both parties are wary of it. "When it comes to border adjustment, I would need to see a transition rule that gives me a comfortable level that we're not picking winners and losers, it can pass WTO, and at the same time we're not pushing costs on to consumers," said Rep. James Renacci, R-Ohio, a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Renacci has been working on his own tax plan and it doesn't include the border tax. "I'm not a big believer that the federal government should be picking winners and losers, whether it's in the auto industry or whether it's in tax reform," he said. ___ Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She doesn't want to be outshone': Pippa 'BANS model Vogue Williams from her wedding' - even though she is dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer 'You big bald baby!': Mel B rows with Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in counselling as clips from their reality show resurface amid abuse allegations Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on husband David when she's working... as she credits 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire A vision in white! Sam Faiers flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging figure-hugging dress for her fashion launch Yummy mummy 'No wonder she was on cocaine!': Paul O'Grady quips good friend Cilla Black must have taken drugs to host Blind Date... as he blunders on show reboot Yes, you can wear black and white and flat shoes to a wedding! How to be the best dressed guest this season  SPONSORED Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second  appearance since winning a restraining order against estranged Stephen Belafonte PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles emerges following Mel B's explosive claim that she fell pregnant during affair with estranged Stephen Belafonte Hot metal! Stunning Jennifer Lopez, 47, wows as she flashes her ample cleavage in daringly plunging silver tank top Jenny in the frock Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie splurges £9,000 on a BEARD transplant which took 12 hours to complete... as he continues to combat 'insecurity' issues MC Harvey's girlfriend Montana Manning flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy blue bikini as they enjoy a romantic beach break Checkered history Mum knows best! Heartbroken Megan McKenna is comforted by mother Tanya as they head for dinner in Essex Newly single  David Beckham adds to his huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... a week after watching son Brooklyn, 18, get his first design FIRST PHOTO: New dad Jesse Eisenberg enjoys stroll with baby boy and girlfriend Anna Strout in NYC Have welcomed their first child together Splish splash! Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber and her father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Non-stop fun in the sun What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids Snap prompted even more backlash Millie Mackintosh flaunts her cleavage and toned stomach in a tiny pink bikini as she shares sizzling throwback snap  Slender figure Duran Duran Simon Le Bon hits Miami beach with bikini-clad female companion as he enjoys downtime ahead of Duran Duran gig Pair looked close His number one fan! Abbey Clancy rocks denim flares and a matching jacket as she supports her musician brother John at charity gig  She's ripped! Paige Butcher shows off insanely toned tummy in Hawaii as takes a dip in the ocean while holding baby she had with Eddie Murphy Rosie and her amazing technicolor dreamcoat! MIC's Fortescue puts on a colourful display in dazzling coat and gold boots for style talk in London Mel B leaves lawyer's office second day in a row amid reports she's 'bringing in forensic accountant after ex Stephen Belafonte took control of her finances' Holly Hagan shows her ex Kyle Christie what he's missing as she flaunts her incredible cleavage in a racy push-up bra for a VERY saucy Instagram video 'Not long till I get to dance like I'm at a school disco with this one': Little Mix star Jesy Nelson posts video of her and new beau Chris Clark swaying to Drake  Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her bump in a bandeau bikini as she enjoys the sunset on romantic babymoon with boyfriend JP Patterson Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather of Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' No one's looking at her feet! Chanel Iman flashes her toned midriff in leather bralette as she promotes sandals Flashed the flesh in Los Angeles Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Took to his Instagram on Thursday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan swaps modest Burkini for sexy cut-out swimsuit in Thailand Looked rather different in skimpy beachwear  Ex On The Beach star Charlotte Dawson showcases her bust in a very racy white lace bralette with matching sheer skirt as she hits the town Pleased with the service? Cat Deeley beams as she picks up her car from a valet... after bitter dispute with LA waiter over 'inedible' food Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit 'My honey': Cindy Crawford toasts her husband of 20 years Rande Gerber on beach break in St Barths Shared a photo from the Caribbean Smoking hot! Bella Hadid has cigarette break with mystery man in New York...after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Company 'I'm still turned on by her': Scott Disick admits he's still attracted to ex Kourtney Kardashian  The 33-year-old TV personality split from Kourtney 2015. The Spice that divided Mel's marriage: Stephen Belafonte looks on as she shares amorous clinch with two female pals... months before he 'got the nanny pregnant' 'Get your t**s out!' Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear appear worse for wear as they ask TV reporter for a THREESOME in shocking interview Avengers: Infinity War filming continues as a HUGE explosion rocks Edinburgh...as stars such as Elizabeth Olsen continue shooting for anticipated flick Austen powers brings Emily Dickinson to life: A Quiet Passion is an admirable biopic on the 19th century American poet  Writes BRIAN VINER Pixie Lott flashes her abs in minuscule Calvin Klein sports bra and leather skirt as she cosies up to model fiancé Oliver Cheshire for fashion launch Caroline Flack shows off her glowing tan in a pretty embroidered halterneck dress at pal Dawn O'Porter's book launch Sophisticated ensemble Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a figure-hugging taupe mini dress as she leads the glamour at fashion bash New Look pool party Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong is 'thrown out of Essex venue after jealous row with ex James Lock's current squeeze Yazmin Oukhellou' Pregnant Danielle Bux walks ex-husband Gary Lineker's dog... as she moves back into his home while expecting Nate Greenwald's first child Sleepover with the BFF: Kylie Jenner enjoys relaxing morning in bed with Jordyn Woods... after ex boyfriend Tyga moves out This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Instagram clip PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Game Of Thrones star Maisie Williams goes make-up free as she goes for a jog with a male pal in London Stark in the park Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Took to Snapchat PICTURED: Mel B shares a smile with the stunning German nanny she SACKED just six weeks after a 'mortifying' make-or break-Ibiza holiday Daisy Lowe flashes her bra under sheer shirt as she works androgynous chic at star-studded American Gods premiere Rocked the red carpet Freida Pinto steals the show in elegant embroidered ensemble as she joins co-star Idris Elba at the UK launch of new TV drama Guerrilla Glamorous display Winnie Harlow shows off her impossibly long legs in tiny miniskirt as she appears at star-studded WE Day charity event in New York Canadian supermodel  A home fit for a Starman! David Bowie's former New York apartment hits the market for $6.5million - and it even comes with the rock legend's piano Austin Powers star Verne Troyer hospitalized for alcohol abuse and will be checking into rehab In the San Fernando Valley Former Skins star Freya Mavor flashes her pert derriere in gothic sheer gown at The Sense of an Ending premiere Looking good Supportive sister: Dressed down Duchess of Cambridge leaves Pippa's house after a bridal party summit six weeks before the big day  Pete who? Megan McKenna shows ex Wicks what he's missing as she parties with TOWIE newbies Jack Rigden and Jordan Brook after split 'I feel unsafe': Former Savage Garden singer Darren Hayes says he's scared of holding hands with husband Richard Cullen in public situations' Viva la Roma! Sofia Vergara shows off her killer curves in hip hugging lace gown for gala event in Italy Plunged low to show off her cleavage Heidi Klum flaunts her athletic figure and impressive abs in a patterned bikini on beach Turks and Caicos getaway Blissful getaway She had the full Hollywood makeover! Mama June spent $10K getting her teeth fixed... after weight loss surgery, skin removal and a boob job The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cradles her blossoming baby bump as she treats herself to a shopping spree   Expecting her first child They sure look good together! Bra-free Courtney Stodden flashes sideboob in tiny tank top as she cuddles up to a mystery man in Beverly Hills 'I never felt sexy with guys before': Meghan Trainor dishes on boyfriend Daryl Sabara as she reveals he's 'obsessed' with her body 'I'm actually rather dangerous': Annabelle Wallis insists her looks can be deceiving as she discusses her 'layered' personality in Town & Country magazine Place your bets! Make-up free Coleen Rooney leaves the hair salon sporting a chic up-do as Aintree Festival kicks off in Liverpool Loves the races 'I woke up feeling... fill my womb!': Pregnant Dawn O'Porter admits she hadn't always wanted kids... as she reflects on growing up without a 'mother figure' Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Supposed to be going through a divorce 'She cares about herself more than her kids': Mel B's angry ex Jimmy Gulzar claims he considered suicide after star made his life 'hell' as she tried to block him Spencer Matthews cuts a stylish figure in West London as he prepares his best man duties ahead of brother James and Pippa Middleton's wedding Who cares about the horses? Ladies of Aintree hit the bar and show off their dance moves (and very daring fashions) as day one draws to a close  Totally pucker! Liz Hurley, 51, looks jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a white string bikini as she shares clip of herself blowing kisses on the beach 'It costs $40K a month to be me!': Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne says she has to spend a fortune to look good for the camera  Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Actress pulled off the risky look  Singing showdown! Demi Lovato and James Corden go face-to-face in Divas Riff-Off song battle The pair duked it out for the divas Empire actor Morocco Omari arrested for domestic violence Is accused of repeatedly pushing a 24-year-old woman during an argument 'Missing it so much!' Vicky Pattison sizzles in skimpy bikini as she reminisces over sun-drenched Dubai getaway with beau John Noble Wined and refined! Eva Longoria looks effortlessly chic in black dungarees as she visits Basque vineyard with husband José Bastón Good times Lily-Rose Depp looks Parisian chic in casual black-and-white outfit while on shopping trip Was out with a bodyguard for a trip to The Grove Katie Holmes enjoys outing with pretty-in-pink Suri... days after she was pictured at dinner with Jamie Foxx picking up some basics with her daughter Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Made a drab path look like a high end catwalk Chilled out! Sofia Richie opts for comfort as she steps out in a long white bathrobe dded matching white platform sneakers and large shades Tallia Storm rocks double denim as she shows off her toned and tanned legs in a tiny mini skirt for a trip to pal's house Out and about Paris chic! Diane Kruger models leather jacket, pink scarf to hit French Movie Festival... but beau Norman Reedus is nowhere to be seen Ready for Easter! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend pose with their daughter Luna as they take photos with a bunny in West Hollywood They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler 'I don't look at the cup as half full': Pierce Brosnan opens up about life after the devastating loss of his first wife and daughter to ovarian cancer 'You have an ally': Justin Theroux says he loves being married to Jennifer Aniston because she always has his back Feels lucky Kourtney Kardashian heads out on another dinner date with Quincy Brown after holidaying in Hawaii with ex Scott Disick and their children Something to tell us? The birthday suit is back! Joanna Krupa poses stark NAKED once again in a sizzling snap to toast turning 38 Put on a steamy display to mark the milestone Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in a chic mini skirt and ruffled blouse as she promotes Fast & Furious 8 in Madrid  EXCLUSIVE: Dean McDermott buys second motorcycle and anti-aging treatment as American Express demand over $80,000 from wife Tori Spelling EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions Break a leg? Michael McIntyre wears a supportive boot on his injured foot as he takes time out from comedy tour in London No laughing matter Tatt's awkward! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear unveil new matching tattoos... after he got similar inking with ex Jemma Lucy SIX months ago 'Spring breaking!': Lisa Rinna, 53, shares flashback photo in black bikini after ugly end to season seven of RHOBH Knows how to turn heads 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Curtain couture! Olivia Culpo channels The Sound of Music in quirky dress Worked a rather quirky ensemble Chic Kate Moss keeps it casual in a grey blazer and skinny jeans as she makes the street her catwalk in London Showcased her supermodel sass Mel B hires Sydney nanny Lauren McCartney after claims Stephen Belafonte impregnated former German nanny Lorraine Gilles in 2014 Get Out earns the most MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations while Beauty & The Beast, Game Of Thrones and Stranger Things also score big 'Maccas... is that like jackass?': Confused Heston Blumenthal tries to decipher Australian slang after that BIZARRE interview on TV show The Project Hollywood heartthrob Gerard Butler sports a bushy beard and flat cap as he continues to film new movie Keepers For the second consecutive day Mario Balotelli's ex-fiancée Fanny Neguesha flaunts her ample cleavage and pert derriere in very sexy purple thong bikini as she hits Miami beach  Big Brother's Laura Carter cuts a demure figure as she steps out in shoulder-baring navy mesh dress for day of horse-racing at Aintree Looked demure 'That is genius': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield burst into a fit of giggles as they discuss Kim Kardashian selling pool floats in the shape of her bum Glamorous cinema heiresses and the Duke of Kent's stunning daughter are among the débutantes, royals and society girls celebrated in Country Life Mama, I love you! Geri Horner, 44, looks svelte in a belted suede jacket as she arrives at BBC studios less than two months after giving birth to son Monty Feeling The Force! Daisy Ridley squeals with glee as she unleashes her inner adrenaline junkie at theme park  Good fun 'Good vibes only': Lucy Watson sets pulses racing while smouldering in a sexy swimsuit... as she puts MIC drama behind her on holiday in Maldives 'Random men offer to have a baby with me': 'Unfulfilled' Gemma Collins reveals best friend has offered to be an egg donor as she discusses fertility battle Hot to Trot! Bethenny Frankel steps out in skintight cut-out LBD in New York after Watch What Happens Live appearance Skinygirl LBD 'Nobody calls': Caitlyn Jenner reveals she's been frozen out by the Kardashians since transitioning in candid face-off with Khloe Kardashian Sienna Miller showcases her incredibly toned pins in daring chevron striped bikini as she soaks up the sun during relaxing Mexican getaway Billy Zane packs on the PDA with mystery Kelly Brook look-a-like as they share passionate smooch while dining in Milan Certainly has a type Sofia Richie bonds with dad Lionel as he recovers from knee injury that forced him to postpone tour with Mariah Carey Went to a concert  Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death Died in December Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Is the hiring freeze working? •New Labor Dept. HQ update•How can IRS do more with less? Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Don't like the proposed… Don’t like the proposed border tax? House GOP is changing it By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER and The Associated Press April 6, 2017 3:27 am 3 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — Faced with mounting opposition within the Republican Party, a powerful House committee chairman says he is making significant changes to a proposed tax on imports. Rep. Kevin Brady says he is working on changes to both the design of the tax and how it would be phased in. The Texas Republican did not offer more specifics, but said he meets regularly with President Donald Trump’s economic team. The Trump administration has sent mixed signals on the proposed tax. Brady, who chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, said the changes are based on input from businesses, individuals and, importantly, Senate Republicans. Online Chat: DJ Kachman, the Veterans Affairs Department’s director of mobile and security technology transformation lead, on April 10, at 1 p.m. Advertisement Not a single Republican senator has publicly supported the tax. A growing number have opposed it. “I think that the key is for us to work to resolve and narrow the differences on these provisions, always with the goal of the lowest rate in modern history for job creators,” Brady said. The changes are being worked on as Brady reaches out to House Democrats to gauge whether they will work with Republicans on a tax overhaul. Brady met with Democratic members of the committee Wednesday. Afterward, several Democrats said the meeting was cordial but preliminary. “We’re not negotiating with them at this point. We’re just listening,” said Rep. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y. A growing number of House Republicans say that a tax overhaul should be bipartisan, especially after Republicans failed to pass a health care bill without trying to get support from Democrats. They worry that Republicans in the House will face the same divisions on a tax bill. 19 agencies on chopping block only account for a small fraction of overall budget The new “border adjustment tax” would be applied to profits from goods and services consumed in the U.S., whether they are domestically produced or imported. Exports would be exempt. The border tax is a key part of Republicans’ plan to lower the top corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. It would raise more than $1 trillion over a decade to help pay for lower overall tax rates. House GOP leaders say the tax would help make American companies more competitive with their foreign counterparts, while encouraging companies to stay in the U.S. or even move here. Most tax experts agree that America’s current tax system rewards companies for moving headquarters and jobs overseas. The border tax is being lobbied hard on both sides. Industries that rely on imports, including retailers, automakers and oil refineries, say the tax would be passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices. They also warn that the new tax could violate trade rules under the World Trade Organization. A retail group led by Walmart, Target, Toyota, Best Buy and many others has launched a campaign against the tax. On the other side, Boeing, Caterpillar, General Electric and others say the tax would benefit American manufacturers, a key campaign promise by Trump. In theory, economists say that the new tax would cause the dollar to increase in value compared to other currencies. This would make imports cheaper and exports more expensive, reducing or even eliminating the effect of the tax on consumer prices. But there is no consensus among economists on how it would work in the real world. Because the tax is such a significant departure from the current system, many lawmakers from both parties are wary of it. “When it comes to border adjustment, I would need to see a transition rule that gives me a comfortable level that we’re not picking winners and losers, it can pass WTO, and at the same time we’re not pushing costs on to consumers,” said Rep. James Renacci, R-Ohio, a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Renacci has been working on his own tax plan and it doesn’t include the border tax. “I’m not a big believer that the federal government should be picking winners and losers, whether it’s in the auto industry or whether it’s in tax reform,” he said. ___ Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap Topics: All News Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Don't like the proposed… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1917: US enters World War I Fed Photo of the Day NRC Resident Inspector speaks during Career Day Top Stories Kelly promises new DHS morale turnaround, leadership strategy Top Story What makes the 2017 CR the worst yet for defense? Defense News Navy presses Congress to authorize speedier promotions for officers Navy Carter urges momentum for ‘force of the future’ initiatives at DoD Defense Hiring freeze is shooting DoD in the foot when it comes to efficiency First 100 Days THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 06, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7217 0.0080 1.73% L 2020 25.1577 0.0191 2.91% L 2030 27.8781 0.0326 4.13% L 2040 29.9399 0.0418 4.73% L 2050 17.1281 0.0275 5.28% G Fund 15.2821 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.6683 0.0130 0.93% C Fund 32.6945 0.0728 6.07% S Fund 42.4619 0.3530 4.57% I Fund 26.2424 -0.0645 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu LOOKING AHEAD How many Indian unicorns are actually going to make money? Written by Madhura Karnik & Manu Balachandran April 06, 2017 Quartz india Let me think about profits now. (Reuters/Kieran Doherty) Share Written by Madhura Karnik & Manu Balachandran April 06, 2017 Quartz india India is home to 10 unicorns—startups valued at over $1 billion. And, studies indicate that the country’s rapidly growing startup ecosystem could produce at least 50 more in the future. However, such massive valuations don’t imply profitability. Of the 10, only two Indian unicorns are currently profitable: Data analytics firm Mu Sigma has made annual profits for three years while InMobi, an advertising technology platform, posted profits in the fourth quarter of 2016. The rest are still struggling. Online sellers like Snapdeal and Flipkart have been bleeding due to the massive discounts they dole out to woo and retain customers. Advertising and marketing costs, too, are eating into revenues. Quartz looked at where these 10 startups stand vis-a-vis profitability. Flipkart Critics have questioned the business model of India’s largest e-commerce firm, and also its reported $10-billion valuation. For the 2015-16 financial year, Flipkart posted a loss of Rs2,306 crore, though it has been talking about hitting profitability for a while now. In April 2015, talking to the Wall Street Journal, Flipkart’s then CFO Sanjay Baweja set a two-year deadline. In October 2016, after he quit, Baweja said the firm was “on the path of profitability.” The company’s two fashion retail units, Myntra and Jabong, too, are set turn the corner soon, executives say. In May 2015, Myntra had said it would turn profitable by the end of fiscal 2016. However, in December 2016, Ananth Narayanan, its CEO, extended the deadline to the end of fiscal 2018. In 2016, Myntra bought rival Jabong for $70 million to create India’s largest online fashion retailer. Flipkart hasn’t replied to Quartz’s queries yet. Snapdeal For financial year 2015-16, the online seller made a loss of Rs3,316 crore. In February 2017, the company’s co-founder and CEO, Kunal Bahl, said Snapdeal will turn profitable in two more years. Its spokesperson told Quartz that this target still holds ground and that the company is “working steadily towards profitability and efficiency.” Rumours have been swirling about a possible Snapdeal-Flipkart merger to take on Amazon, which has been firming up its investment in India. But none of the companies has confirmed this plan. Hike Hike is a messaging platform with some 100 million users. Founded by Kavin Mittal, son of Sunil Bharti Mittal of telecom services provider Airtel, the company is currently valued at $1.4 billion, according to CB Insights, a research firm. Hike hasn’t issued any guidance on its profitability yet. “We’re currently focused on engagement and user growth. That’s the focus for us in the next few years, after which we will focus on revenue,” a Hike spokesperson told Quartz in an email reply. “The internet space in India is still at an early stage and we believe in its huge potential…We have a long-term view of the market and the social space,” the spokesperson added. The messaging service was launched on Dec. 12, 2012, and has received funding from investors including Tiger Global, Tencent, and Foxconn. RenewPower The firm is the newest entrant to India’s unicorn club. Founded by Sumant Sinha in 2011, RenewPower is an independent power producer which focuses on clean energy. With investors like Goldman Sachs, the Asian Development Bank, and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, the firm is valued at some $2 billion. It joined the unicorn club in February this year. The company did not respond to an emailed questionnaire. On April 05, Renew Power said (pdf) that in financial year 2016-17, it had invested Rs6,700 crore towards adding capacity in wind power generation. Mu Sigma The data analytics firm founded by Dheeraj Rajaram has been making profits for three years. It was the first Indian unicorn to hit profitability. For financial year 2015-16, the Bengaluru-based firm posted a profit of Rs462.9 crore, a 22% annual increase. In a filing, the company said the growth came on the back of higher turnover. The firm has the backing of investors such as Sequoia, General Atlantic, and Mastercard and counts American firms like Walmart, Microsoft, and Dell among clients. InMobi InMobi became the second unicorn after MuSigma to turn profitable, after the company said on April 05 that it made a profit in the fourth quarter (October-December) of 2016. It follows the calendar year for financial reporting. Although the profit is for just one quarter, the company said it has had positive cash-flows for the last few quarters. InMobi hasn’t responded to Quartz’s email yet. “We became ultra-focused on doing the right deals…This is a big shift from previous years when we were spending freely on expanding in all markets,” CEO and founder Naveen Tewari told the Mint newspaper. The firm, a mobile advertising and technology platform, has struggled in the last few years when its rampant hiring strategy didn’t work and many of its products failed to take off. Investors have also kept away after it faced headwinds—its last funding round was in 2011. The startup was India’s first unicorn and is valued at $1 billion. Paytm In September 2015, Vijay Shekhar Sharma, founder of Paytm, announced that his company was on its way to profitability by 2017. “Our target to turn profitable by 2017 seems achievable. Next year, we should be able to achieve break-even,” Sharma had said. In the 2016 fiscal, the company posted a net loss of Rs1,549 crore. Since then, Paytm’s fortunes have seen a revival, mostly due to the Narendra Modi government’s decision to demonetise the country’s high-value currency notes that account for 86% of the currency (by value) in circulation. Since demonetisation, Paytm’s daily transactions have swelled to seven million and the company is today the largest digital wallet service provider in the country. All that means that Paytm could see profitability sooner than expected. “We are pursuing profitability in net contribution margin and owing to the recent surge in the payments business and added investments required for the payments bank, the timeline to profitability will move forward,” a spokesperson said. Ola Uber’s fiercest rival in India, the homegrown taxi hailing app had said last November that it will turn profitable in three years. “We are improving our profitability every week and month,” Bhavish Aggarwal, the co-founder and CEO of Ola, had told Quartz in November 2016. “In many cities, we have already reached a break-even, and are on the path to achieving that in many other cities. As a company, we hope to break even within two-to-three years.” Ola, founded in December 2010, is currently present in over 102 Indian towns and cities with over 500,000 taxis and auto-rickshaws. The company is yet to clarify if it has changed the deadline for profitability. Shopclues In October 2016, Sanjay Sethi, co-founder and CEO of Shopclues, said that his company would become India’s first e-commerce firm to become profitable by 2017. “We aim to attain EBIDTA (operational) profitability sometime in Q2 next year,” Sethi said. “According to my back-of-the-envelope calculations, I think ShopClues will be the first e-commerce company to get profitable.” However, since then, the Gurugram-based firm’s reputation had taken a hit when Sandeep Agarwal, former CEO, accused his wife and the company’s co-founder, Radhika, of altering his voting rights and publicly questioned her credentials. Shopclues is yet to respond Quartz’s queries on profitability targets. Zomato In February 2016, India’s largest restaurant search portal, Zomato, announced that it was making profits in some of the countries it was present in. Of the 23 where it operates, the startup announced an operational break-even in India, the UAE, Lebanon, Qatar, the Philippines, and Indonesia. However, for fiscal 2016, the Gurugram-based firm made losses of Rs492.3 crore. Launched in 2008, Zomato has received $225 million in funding so far. Zomato, however, hasn’t so far given any timeline on turning profitable. It hasn’t responded to our queries. Most Popular Trump invited China’s leader to his home, then bombed one of his allies during dinner Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Unilever confirms sale of spreads business which includes Flora and Stork butter Chief executive Paul Polman said that the 'faster pace of change' that is occurring in the market is challenging Unilever 'to set the bar higher' Josie Cox Business Editor Thursday 6 April 2017 17:05 BST Click to follow The Independent Online In February, Kraft Heinz dropped a £115bn offer to buy Unilever after the latter said that the bid was too low and carried no 'financial or strategic' merit Reuters Consumer goods giant Unilever has confirmed that it is selling its spreads business, which includes brands like Flora and Stork butter, in a bid to attract greater returns for shareholders and become more focused. In a statement on Thursday, chief executive Paul Polman said that the “faster pace of change” that is occurring in the market is challenging Unilever “to set the bar higher”.  He said that the company was striving towards being “a leaner and more focussed business” and that as a result of a strategic review, the decision had been taken that the “future of the spreads business now lies outside the group”. Read more Unilever is safe from Kraft for now, but this isn't over “We feel confident that the changes we are announcing today will accelerate the transformation of Unilever and the delivery of sustainable shareholder value over the long term," Mr Polman said. In February, Kraft Heinz dropped a £115bn ($143bn) offer to buy Unilever after the latter said that the bid was too low and carried no “financial or strategic” merit. A takeover would have been one of the biggest ever in corporate history, and the biggest ever acquisition of a UK-based company by a non-UK one, Thomson Reuters data showed at the time. Read more Unilever shares fall sharply after Kraft Heinz drops bid Unilever rejects Kraft Heinz takeover bid Unilever boss says Britons should 'get used to' price rises Marmite supply row resolved with Tesco, Unilever says Kraft, which is the world’s fifth-largest food and beverage company, has in recent years already been forced to adjust its product range to consumers’ changing preferences and a trend towards fresher, non-packaged items. In the wake of the failed takeover, some analysts said that Unilever may shift its focus to do the same, giving it the opportunity to enhance shareholder returns. But Mark Jones, a food and drink solicitor at Gordons law firm, said that Thursday’s move “is not simply about satisfying shareholders who are unhappy about the business rejecting Kraft Heinz’s takeover bid". "The Kraft bid was motivated by the changing consumer market, and Unilever is now making its own moves to adjust,” he said. “Packaged food growth has been slowing for some time, and while the margarine business remains very profitable, consumers are moving away from the spread in search of healthier alternatives.” He added that “Unilever has never carried unprofitable brands”. “One of the reasons it is so successful is because it buys and sell brands at the right time and in this case, parting ways with its margarine division, whilst the going is still good, will enable it to focus on markets which are likely to keep growing in the medium term.” Also on Thursday, Unilever announced it will launch a €5bn share buy-back programme, and will raise its shareholder dividend by 12 per cent. The company said that this reflects “increased confidence in the outlook for profit growth and cash generation”. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 Amazon 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo “We will support our business with a higher level of leverage, while retaining the benefits of a strong credit rating,” the group said. “This will enable us to enhance value for shareholders through increased capital returns, while maintaining operational and strategic flexibility.” More about: Unilever Kraft Heinz Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Bill Gates-backed satellite antenna company Kymeta raises $73.5M, total funding approaches $200M Working Geek: What Fjuri’s new Chief People Officer Tammy Perkins learned from Microsoft and Amazon GeekWire Deals: Add extra storage to your MacBook with this seamless adapter GeekWire Awards: Cast your ballot in a competitive field for Deal of the Year Jumping Jupiter! Hubble Space Telescope gives giant planet its super-close-up Pioneer astronaut John Glenn finally laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery Ex-Amazon manager’s new startup mixes smart home tech with modular construction to make housing more affordable How IBM is using its Watson AI platform to automatically generate Masters highlight reels Hold on tight and hold it: Jeff Bezos says no potty breaks on Blue Origin space trips Seattle mayor explains why he abandoned the property tax levy to fight homelessness championed by investor Nick Hanauer Video: Mark Hamill is a perfect Han Solo in new Bad Lip Reading of ‘Star Wars: The Force Awakens’ Microsoft reveals hardware specs for new Xbox ‘Project Scorpio,’ the ‘most powerful console ever built’ Amazon creating 5,000 part-time, work-from-home jobs in its Virtual Customer Service program Amazon’s real estate chief: ‘What we’re trying to do the most is be good neighbors’ Sonic Boom? Why the tech industry should care about Seattle’s efforts to revive its NBA team Paul Allen’s Upstream Music Fest announces 300 musical acts in final lineup for upcoming event 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Meet your new wireless option: Comcast unveils ‘Xfinity Mobile’ smartphone plans and X1 bundles Tableau unveils new subscription pricing model for data visualization products Tech Moves: Ex-Pandora CEO Brian McAndrews joins Placed board; Moovel names CTO; and more Watch Bertha, the world’s largest tunnel boring machine, emerge from beneath Seattle Tennis legend Roger Federer will play with Bill Gates in Seattle to support children’s education in Africa Aerial photos show transformational effect of Amazon’s downtown Seattle campus Silicon Valley VC on Amazon: ‘I can’t recruit anybody out of there’ Snowflake cloud data warehouse startup raises $100M; Madrona’s role reunites ex-Microsoft execs Amazon creating 5,000 part-time, work-from-home jobs in its Virtual Customer Service program Amazon’s stock reaches another record, capping a big week of news Bertha’s big breakthrough is here: Seattle tunnel machine will emerge Tuesday after long journey Zunum Aero emerges from stealth mode with big plans for hybrid electric planes Amazon aims to create ‘urban treehouse’ with its new Seattle office project GeekWire Awards: Vote for Seattle’s most promising Startup of the Year ‘I love you, robot’ — watch this little girl make friends with a broken hot water heater Enough! Sorry, but we’re not covering the tech industry’s stupid April Fool’s pranks this year Geared Up: Is the Samsung Galaxy S8 the biggest revolution in smartphone history? Photos: Amazon opens dog park next to Spheres for employees and the public Space geeks get up-close look at Blue Origin’s rocket ship (and try out the seats) Tableau unveils new subscription pricing model for data visualization products Bezos family makes record-breaking $35M donation to Fred Hutch to fund cancer research Hacking The Hoff: Easy Amazon Alexa workaround gives this wannabe Knight Rider a talking car New work visa guidelines make it harder for U.S. tech companies to hire engineers Trending: Amazon creating 5,000 part-time, work-from-home jobs in its Virtual Customer Service program Amazon acquires stake in hydrogen fuel cell maker Plug Power, plans to spend $600M on batteries by Nat Levy on April 5, 2017 at 8:38 amApril 5, 2017 at 8:44 am Comments  1 Share  47 Tweet Share  21 Reddit Email Tickets on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Forklifts at Amazon’s Dupont, Wash. fulfillment center move products around in 2015. (GeekWire Photo / Todd Bishop) Amazon has agreed to a deal giving it the right to acquire a more than 20 percent stake in hydrogen fuel cell maker Plug Power, with plans to use the technology in its network of fulfillment centers. Plug Power, based in Latham, N.Y., said Wednesday that Amazon will spend about $70 million on efficient batteries this year as part of the deal. In total, Amazon will get about a 23 percent stake in the company, in exchange for spending about $600 million on Plug Power items. Reuters reports that Amazon will soon begin using Plug Power batteries in forklifts at 11 fulfillment centers. The technology would give machines longer battery life and speed up charging. Plug Power said the batteries require less maintenance and upkeep, allowing employees more time to work on processing orders. Hydrogen fuel cell technology powers only a small percentage of the world’s forklifts and other similar machines, but some big names are getting their hands on the technology. One of Amazon’s top competitors, Walmart, uses the technology in many of its warehouses and is among Plug Power’s top customers. As part of the deal, Plug Power said it will collaborate with Amazon on technology research. One point of emphasis will be expanding the capabilities of Plug Power’s ProGen fuel cell engines. Nat Levy is a staff reporter at Geekwire covering a variety of technology topics, including Microsoft, Amazon, tech startups, and the intersection of technology with real estate, courts and government. Contact him at nat@geekwire.com and follow him on Twitter at @natjlevy. GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale Join us as we celebrate the iconoclasts, innovators and disruptors of the Pacific Northwest technology community at the GeekWire Awards, presented by Wave Business, on May 4th at the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle. Continuing this great tradition, we’ll reveal the winners of the Pacific Northwest’s annual startup and technology awards, as nominated and chosen by GeekWire readers. The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Comments 1 Share  47 Tweet Share  21 Reddit Email Previous StoryMicrosoft shows off powerful tech with ‘Sprinkles’ photo editor — but there’s no need for Snapchat to panic Next StoryBody-camera maker Axon says it will offer its technology free to every police officer in the U.S. Filed Under: Amazon  Tagged With: Amazon • Amazon fulfillment center • hydrogen fuel cell • Plug Power • Walmart GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories How these scientists plan to make hydrogen fuel cell cars more cost-efficient Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Chart: Amazon robots on the rise, gaining slowly but steadily on human workforce Electric transportation generates the biggest buzz in $50M Smart City Challenge Previous StoryMicrosoft shows off powerful tech with ‘Sprinkles’ photo editor — but there’s no need for Snapchat to panic Next StoryBody-camera maker Axon says it will offer its technology free to every police officer in the U.S. Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Add extra storage to your MacBook with this seamless adapter GeekWire Deals: Blue Apron makes home cooking easy with fresh, gourmet meal kits right to your door (58% off) Most Popular on GeekWire Watch Bertha, the world’s largest tunnel boring machine, emerge from beneath Seattle Tennis legend Roger Federer will play with Bill Gates in Seattle to support children’s education in Africa Aerial photos show transformational effect of Amazon’s downtown Seattle campus Silicon Valley VC on Amazon: ‘I can’t recruit anybody out of there’ Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Executive Desktop Support Engineer/Sr. Systems Engineer (Executive)Vulcan Inc. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Android Software Development EngineerBig Fish A Word From Our Sponsors Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale now The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway now! Make your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale now The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway now! Make your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Switch to the mobile version of this page. City Guides Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Register The Coast Halifax Newsletters Follow Us The Coast on Twitter The Coast on Facebook The Coast on Pinterest The Coast's RSS Feeds Mobile Home Event Listings News + Opinion Bitch Food + Drink Arts + Culture Music City Guides Dating Best Of Classifieds Browse Event Listings Concert Listings Live Music Tonight Movie Times Today Events Listings Museums, Galleries, Exhibits Theatre, Comedy, Stage Contests Browse Classifieds Browse All Categories Place an Ad Browse Bitch Love the Way We Bitch Love the Way We Love Submit a Bitch or Love Browse News + Opinion Reality Bites City Environment Transit Justice ShopTalk Voice Of The City City Council Report Card Free Will Astrology Savage Love Submit a Letter The Poll Letters To The Editor Browse Music Music Feature Festivals Music Reviews The Scene Big Ticket Concerts Live Music Listings Search Music Venues Browse Food + Drink Food & Drink Home Page Restaurant Reviews The Feed Search Restaurants Search Bars Beer Guide Cheap Eats Archives Browse Arts + Culture Art Attack Comedy Culture Dance Comics Film + TV Literary Theatre Visual Art Search Galleries & Museums Search Movie Times Visual Arts Listings Browse City Guides Back to School Beer Guide Hot Summer Guide Halifax Pride Fall Wine Home Style Spring Fashion Fall Arts Preview Search Shops Archives Browse Dating Halifax Match Halifax Kinky PSSTs Love and Sex Issue Savage Love Sex + Dating Survey 2016 Browse Home BARS RESTAURANTS CONCERT ANNOUNCEMENTS MOVIE TIMES WEDDINGS Cocktail Compass LIVE MUSIC SAVAGE LOVE CONTESTS TICKETHALIFAX CoastMart Tweet Pin It Favourite Saving… Print Email Share April 06, 2017 City Guides » Homes Halifax Who’s the boss?  Boss Furniture’s Katherine Cherry channels her creativity into breathing new life into classic pieces. By Allison Saunders @alliesaysrelax click to enlarge “I love textiles,” says Cherry. “I can’t get enough of beautiful fabrics.” LENNY MULLINS Katherine Cherry knows a thing or two about starting over. She's moved a lot, and the arduous process of packing things, shipping things and leaving things behind has taught her a lot about furnishing a home, and investing in pieces that are worth holding onto. After studying at NSCAD, Cherry moved on to working in non-arts industries, but could never quite shake her creative, hands-on side. "I always tried to find a design in whatever work I was doing," she says. But it wasn't until years later—when she returned to Halifax after a stint of living in the US—that she refocused her path, and discovered a passion for the world of furniture-making and upholstery. "It's something I love, but I fell into it," she says of her career, which she kickstarted by working as an apprentice at a Dartmouth refinishing and repair shop. "There are not many places that teach upholstery. It used to be taught in some vocational schools, but I learned that it actually is mostly taught in prison." After taking in tips and tricks from seasoned veterans for a couple of years, Cherry decided to branch out and launched Boss Designs—she's "obsessed with Bruce Springsteen"—a business that allows her to focus in on her refinishing skills, and her own mid-century inspired designs from a workshop attached to her home. "You see at Winners, or Walmart, you can go buy a sofa for $200—why would anyone want to get their stuff redone? But you learn that there's no comparison," says Cherry. "The gentleman that I worked with before has been doing it over 40 years and his rule was if it's more than 10 or 15 years old, you're better to reupholster than to buy something new." She's into textiles, colours and dynamic design, but the stories behind the old, tired pieces she works on are her most inspiring muses. Recently, she was commissioned by the Halifax Naval Museum to help bring old pieces from ships back to life for the 100th anniversary of the Halifax Explosion. "One of my favourite parts of this job is coming across something I haven't seen before, and doing the research," she says. "The historical aspect of it I love." Tweet Pin It Favourite Saving… Print Email Share Speaking of... Lofty goals Apr 6, 2017 Dartmouth's answer to the Casper bed Feb 20, 2017 My new digs: Bedford West Mar 3, 2016 More » Tags: Homes Halifax, home style, Halifax homes, furniture Latest in Homes Halifax Let's get real Apr 6, 2017 Grow your own way Apr 6, 2017 Expert advice: a decorators advice for planning your space Apr 6, 2017 How to transform your home with paint Apr 6, 2017 Natural selection Apr 6, 2017 Lofty goals Apr 6, 2017 More » more articles in City Guides » Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread Readers also liked… The heat is on Mar 17, 2016 Less is more Mar 17, 2016 Eight tips for first-time buyers Mar 17, 2016 More by Allison Saunders Make way for Makenew's new location Apr 6, 2017 Let's get real Apr 6, 2017 Fresh faced on Forrest Road Apr 6, 2017 More » Events Music Film Times Dining Locations -All Dates- Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 Friday, April 21 Saturday, April 22 Sunday, April 23 Monday, April 24 Tuesday, April 25 Wednesday, April 26 Thursday, April 27 Friday, April 28 Saturday, April 29 Sunday, April 30 Monday, May 1 Tuesday, May 2 Wednesday, May 3 Thursday, May 4 Friday, May 5 Saturday, May 6 Sunday, May 7 -All Categories- CONTESTS - WIN TICKETS   Giveaways EVENTS   Activism   African Heritage Month   Atlantic Book Awards   Conevention   Dance   Earth Day   Family   Fashion   Film Screening   Food & Drink   Fundraiser   Green, Environmental   Health & Wellness   Lecture   Literary   Meeting   Outdoors   Shopping   Special Event   Sports   Super Bowl   Trivia   Workshop FESTIVALS   Fall Festivals   Maywork Festival   Spring Festivals   Summer Festivals   Winter Festivals HOLIDAY EVENTS   Canada Day Weekend   December Festivities   Halloween   Holiday Events   Valentine's Day ON STAGE   Atlantic Flamenco Festival   Atlantic Fringe Festival   Comedy Etc.   Dance   Halifax International Buskers Festival   Spoken Word   Stages Theatre Festival   Theatre VISUAL ARTS EXHIBITS   Galleries   Museums   Other Spaces -All Neighborhoods-   Barrington   Bayers Lake/Fairview/Clayton Park   Bedford/Lower Sackville/Tantallon   Dartmouth   Downtown   Eastern Passage   Eastern Shore   North End   Out of Town   Quinpool   South End   Spring Garden   Spryfield/Purcell's Cove   Waterfront   West End -All Dates- Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 Friday, April 21 Saturday, April 22 Sunday, April 23 Monday, April 24 Tuesday, April 25 Wednesday, April 26 Thursday, April 27 Friday, April 28 Saturday, April 29 Sunday, April 30 Monday, May 1 Tuesday, May 2 Wednesday, May 3 Thursday, May 4 Friday, May 5 Saturday, May 6 Sunday, May 7 -All Categories- Big Ticket Shows Dead of Winter DJ Halifax Jazz Festival Halifax Pop Explosion Halifax Urban Folk Festival Karaoke Live Music NSCC Novafest Obey Convention Open Mic Open Waters Festival Scotia Festival of Music -All Neighborhoods-   Barrington   Bayers Lake/Fairview/Clayton Park   Bedford/Lower Sackville/Tantallon   Dartmouth   Downtown   Eastern Passage   Eastern Shore   North End   Out of Town   Quinpool   South End   Spring Garden   Spryfield/Purcell's Cove   Waterfront   West End Select a movie Away from Everywhere Beauty and the Beast Beauty and the Beast in Disney Digital 3D The Boss Baby 3D The Boss Baby The Case for Christ Cezanne and I (Cézanne et moi) CHiPs The Devotion Of Suspect X Disney's Beauty and the Beast Sing-Along Get Out Ghost in the Shell Ghost in the Shell 3D Ghost in the Shell: An IMAX 3D Experience Going in Style Goon: Last of the Enforcers Kong: Skull Island Kong: Skull Island 3D The Lego Batman Movie Life Logan Manhattan Personal Shopper Power Rangers The Shack Smurfs: The Lost Village Smurfs: The Lost Village in 3D T2 Trainspotting Your Name. (Kimi no na wa.) The Zookeeper's Wife or Select a location Cineplex Cinemas Bayers Lake & IMAX Cineplex Cinemas Dartmouth Crossing Cineplex Cinemas Lower Sackville Cineplex Cinemas Oxford Cineplex Cinemas Parklane -All Categories- African Brunch Burgers Cafes Cajun Caribbean Chinese Continental Desserts Diner Donair Fish & Chips Food Courts Food Truck French Greek Healthy Eating Ice Cream Indian Italian Japanese / Sushi Korean Latin American Lobster Mediterranean Mexican Middle Eastern Persian Pizza Pub Food Seafood Soup and Sandwich Steaks Street Vendors Tapas Thai Vegan Vegetarian Vietnamese -All Features- New on scene 2013 New on the scene 2014 New on the scene 2015 New on the scene 2016 New on the scene 2017 Fine Dining Take-out Delivery Late Night Food 24 Hours Water View Patio Wine List Wheelchair Accessible Historic Building New on scene 2011 New on scene 2012 -All Neighborhoods-   Barrington   Bayers Lake/Fairview/Clayton Park   Bedford/Lower Sackville/Tantallon   Dartmouth   Downtown   Eastern Passage   Eastern Shore   North End   Out of Town   Quinpool   South End   Spring Garden   Spryfield/Purcell's Cove   Waterfront   West End -All Categories- ARTS VENUES   Galleries   Live Music   Movie Theatres   Museums   Other Arts Spaces   Stage/Performance Theatres BODY CARE & SALONS   Cosmetics, Beauty Products   Hair Salons   Massage Therapists   Spas   Tattoos, Piercings Parlors BARS   Breweries   Cocktail Lounge   DJ/Dancefloor   Gay Bar   Hotel Bar   Karaoke   Live Music Venue   Neighbourhood Joint   Pool Tables   Pubs   R&B / Jazz   Speciality Beers   Sports Bar   Student Bar   Wine Bar COMMUNITY   Churches, Spiritual   Community Centres   Convention Centres   Government   Health Centre   Libraries   Media   Public Transport   Schools, Universities   Social Clubs FASHION   Athleticwear   Clothing: New   Clothing: Used, Vintage   Eyewear   Formalwear   Jewellery, Watches   Lingerie, Hoisery   Shoes, Bags, Hats   Swimwear   Tartan FOOD & DRINK   Bakery   Beer   Catering   Health Food, Supplements   Markets, Specialty Foods   Pastries, Candies & Chocolates   Supermarkets   Take-out   Wine, Wineries GREEN   Architects   Banks   Energy Efficiency & Supplies   Environmental/Ecological Groups   Gardening   Graphic Designers, Printers   Green Transport   Interior Decorators   Laundry, Diapers   Recycling, Cleaning   Woodworking, Carpentry HOMES   Antiques, Vintage   Appliances   Blinds, Drapery   Building Supplies   Carpentry and Woodworking   Ceramics and Tile   Cleaning, Organizing   Design and Architecture   Electrical stores   Fabrics, Upholstery   Finances   Fireplaces   Flooring   Furniture   Garden Shops, Nurseries   Hardware   Heating   Home Accessories   Home Staging   Kitchens and Bathrooms   Landscaping, lawn care   Lighting   Mattresses, beds and futons   Moving   Paint and painters   Prints, Posters and Wall Decor   Rugs, Carpeting   Spas, pools, saunas and outdoor living   Windows and doors HOTELS & TRAVEL   Hotels and Resorts   Tours   Travel Agencies RECREATION & OUTDOORS   Beaches, Lakes   Bike Shops   Boardshops, Surfing   Canoe, Kayak   Fitness Studios, Gyms   Golf Courses   Marinas, Boating Clubs   Parks & Landmarks   Sporting Goods Stores   Sports Centres   Trails   Yoga, Pilates SHOPPING   Auto, Motorcycle & Scooter   Bookstores & Newstands   Cameras   CDs, DVDs, Videos, Vinyl   Comics   Computers, Electronics   Department Stores   Florists   Gaming   Gifts, Arts & Crafts   Hobbies, Art Supplies   Kids   Malls   Mobile Phones   Musical Instruments   Online Boutiques, Designers and Suppliers   Pets   Pharmacies   Sex Toys, Adult   Smoke Shops   Stationery   Tent & Party Rentals -All Neighborhoods-   Barrington   Bayers Lake/Fairview/Clayton Park   Bedford/Lower Sackville/Tantallon   Dartmouth   Downtown   Eastern Passage   Eastern Shore   North End   Out of Town   Quinpool   South End   Spring Garden   Spryfield/Purcell's Cove   Waterfront   West End Coast Top Ten Most Read Most Shared Most Discussed Mind on your money   (Well Being Guide) Mighty Mint Smoothie   (Food + Drink: Local Recipes) Meet your winemaker   (Fall Wine Guide) Thief&Bandit   (Spring Fashion) Canning, preserving and drying   (Green Halifax) Best books of 2011   (Critics' Picks of the Year) Put a label on it   (Beer Guide) The ongoing fight against on-campus rape   (Back To School) Water works   (Green Halifax) Asexual and aromantic folks claim their place at Pride   (Halifax Pride) The Maritime Bhangra Group is positively powerful   (Well Being Guide) Books and mortar   (Back To School) Where to live in Halifax   (Back To School) The old and the beautiful   (Homes Halifax) Can’t stop, won’t stop: a map of Nova Scotia’s breweries   (Beer Guide) Bills, bills, bills: lessons from living on a cash diet   (Well Being Guide) Work hard for the money: 5 financial resources to check out   (Well Being Guide) A French kiss   (Homes Halifax) Char Siu Bao (Barbecue Pork Bun)   (Food + Drink: Local Recipes) What was your most awkward sexual encounter?   (Sex + Dating Guide) Best. Halifax. Concerts. Ever.   (Back To School) Keeping kink clean with the Society of Bastet   (Sex + Dating Guide) 10 Nova Scotia beers you have to try   (Beer Guide) Craft beer conflict   (Beer Guide) The entrepreneurial advantage of webcam work   (Sex + Dating Guide) How did you meet your current partner?   (Sex + Dating Guide) Université Sainte-Anne (Halifax), French as a Second Language   (Career Minded (Sponsor Content)) Apples to apples: 5 local ciders to try   (Beer Guide) What’s the kinkiest thing that’s ever happened to you?   (Sex + Dating Guide) What was your most awkward sexual encounter?   (Sex + Dating Guide) Digital Edition In Print This Week Vol 24, No 45 April 6, 2017 Cover Gallery » Browse Issue by Date April 6, 2017 March 30, 2017 March 23, 2017 March 16, 2017 March 9, 2017 March 2, 2017 February 23, 2017 February 16, 2017 February 9, 2017 February 2, 2017 More... Guides Restaurants & Bars Search 100s of Halifax restaurants, bars and cafes Well Being The Coast's Well Being Guide Fashion Designers, stores and fashion, all locally-sourced. Student Survival The official handbook to student life in Halifax. Beer All the beer, all over town Halifax Weddings The couple's guide to everything. Love & Sex Halifax's sex secrets revealed Features Features from The Coast Home Style Interior design and home accessories in Halifax. Beer Guide Home | Dating | Bitch | News | Music | Movies | Dining | Arts | Opinion | Best Of | FAQ | Halifax Free Classifieds | Jobs | Housing | For Sale | Classes | Bulletin Board | Health, Beauty | Services | Real Estate | Wanted About Us | Our Staff | Contact Us | Advertise | Work With Us | Send us a Tip | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | RSS Feeds | Archives © 2017 Coast Publishing Ltd.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 160 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Lawyer: Why is white Muslim getting better deal than Arab Muslim? An Arab Muslim is facing 8 years in prison in one terror case, while a white one is facing 5. Post to Facebook Lawyer: Why is white Muslim getting better deal than Arab Muslim? An Arab Muslim is facing 8 years in prison in one terror case, while a white one is facing 5.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2oDPsLN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 7 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Lawyer: Why is white Muslim getting better deal than Arab Muslim? Tresa Baldas , Detroit Free Press 10:58 p.m. ET April 5, 2017 Khalil Abu-Rayyan and Sebastian Gregerson (Photo: Wayne County, Jerry Lemenu) 160 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE On paper, Sebastian Gregerson and Khalil Rayyan sound a lot alike,  if their alleged crimes are any indication. Both are accused of supporting terrorist groups. Both allegedly had an affinity for guns and talked a lot about jihad. Both were stung by the FBI. But one is a white Muslim convert, the other an Arab Muslim with immigrant parents — a difference that one attorney fears could lead to an injustice as the white suspect appears poised to get a much better sentencing deal. The government wants to lock up Rayyan for eight years; Gregerson could get less than half that. Read more: Detroit terror-linked suspect cuts plea deal with feds on explosives Sentencing postponed for Dearborn Heights man accused of ISIS support Rayyan will learn his fate today at a 2:30 p.m. sentencing hearing before U.S. District Judge George Caram Steeh.  Gregerson will be sentenced June 30. Under a plea deal, Gregerson,  a married father of twins, avid hunter and gun enthusiast who converted to Islam after high school, faces three to five years in prison for possessing explosives.  Rayyan, a single, 22-year-old pizzeria worker whose parents are Palestinian immigrants from Jordan,  faces eight years for gun charges tied to marijuana use: He was trying to buy and use a gun while using pot at the same time. Rayyan's sentencing guidelines call for a prison sentence of 15-21 months, but the government says that's not enough and it's pushing for eight years instead,  saying he's too dangerous to roam free so soon. For defense attorney Todd Shanker,  the disparity in possible punishments  raises a  troubling question. "Is Khalil being punished for being an Arab Muslim from Dearborn, as opposed to a Caucasian?" Shanker asked in court, saying "it makes no sense" that Gregerson is facing less time when "his case is far more scary." "He had grenades. He had a machete. He had multiple AKs, 16 guns, thousands of rounds of ammunition, a book on sniper fire and ... he threatened to kill people," Shanker wrote of Gregerson. Shanker has asked for a 15-month sentence for Rayyan, claiming he was manipulated by two FBI undercover employees posing as love interests who pushed him to make radical statements. The federal government paints a different picture. Prosecutors argue that Rayyan deserves a lengthy sentence because — they say — he's a danger to the community, and,  it's necessary to deter others who may be contemplating terrorism or mass shootings.  Prosecutors have alleged that Rayyan contemplated mass murder and talked about being a jihadist, killing women and children at a church, and killing a police officer in a hospital. Khalil Abu-Rayyan  (Photo: Wayne County) "He pinpointed the location for each attack," prosecutors argued in court documents. "And he specified his weapon of choice: an AK47 with a 40-round magazine." "It's clear the defendant is dangerous," Assistant U.S. Attorney Ronald Waterstreet said in court last month, responding to questions about why Rayyan is facing a stiffer sentence than Gregerson. "He dreamed about jihad," Waterstreet said. "He told others about it." Rayyan, who pleaded guilty to two gun charges,  was never charged with terrorism-related crimes. The government says  that the FBI blocked Rayyan from implementing his ideas because it arrested him first. Rayyan came onto the FBI's radar in 2015 after he allegedly bragged about plans to “shoot up” a Detroit church. The FBI had tracked him through social media, phone conversations and surveillance, following his two Twitter accounts, on which he expressed support for the Islamic State, also known as ISIS. Shanker argues his client is not the man the government is painting him to be. "Rayyan is not a terrorist," Shanker has argued  in court. "He never intended to hurt anyone." Shanker said Rayyan was emotionally manipulated by two FBI undercover employees who flirted and pretended they were romantically interested in him. He fell for it and made "tough guy/radical guy" statements to impress the women, noting one of them claimed to be ready and willing to commit jihad, and that her family members had been killed by anti-ISIS forces. "When push came to shove in their conversations, not only did Rayyan refuse to agree to any act of violence, he pleaded with (one woman) not to hurt herself or others," Shanker argued in court records. Shanker argues that his client "fully and completely understands why the FBI targeted him," but that he now denounces ISIS and understands the "bastardization" of the Muslim religion by radicals. Moreover, he argues, his statements were protected under the First Amendment. Gregerson's lawyer has made similar arguments, maintaining the government overstated its case and that his client's statements on Facebook about the conflict in the Muslim world and terrorist attacks were protected speech. Gregerson, 30, of Detroit was arrested in July after allegedly buying grenades from an undercover FBI agent at a Monroe gas station.  He pleaded guilty to unregistered possession of destructive devices. He was never charged with a terrorism crime, but prosecutors accused him of plotting jihad on behalf of the Islamic State in court documents — information it disclosed in an effort to keep him jailed. The government seized an arsenal of weapons from his home, including  a loaded AK47, a machete, a grenade launcher and hundreds of rounds of AK47 ammunition. Sebastian Gregerson  (Photo: Jerry Lemenu, Special to the Free Press) According to courtroom testimony, Gregerson converted to Islam more than a decade ago after graduating from high school in Ann Arbor. He has worked at Target and Walmart and taken courses at Henry Ford Community College. He remains jailed pending his June 30 sentencing. He faces a maximum of five years in prison. Gregerson has been spared the fate of other Americans who were charged with and convicted of trying to support terrorist groups or join their mission. For example, in February, a Wisconsin man was sentenced to 10 years in prison for trying to join the Islamic State.  Joshua Van Haften, 36, was arrested two years ago on his way to Syria to join ISIS. According to the Department of Justice, he swore allegiance to ISIS in an online post, stating:  “The only thing that matters to me is joining my brothers for the war against America liars.” In 2015, a federal judge sentenced a 19-year-old Colorado woman to four years in prison after she admitted to wanting to join ISIS and participate in jihad in the Middle East. Shannon Conley, a Muslim convert who wanted to marry a Tunisian ISIS fighter and become a nurse in an ISIS camp, had asked for leniency. But prosecutors argued for a tough sentence to deter others from joining terrorist groups and turning to extremism. That same year, a federal judge sentenced Leon Davis, of Augusta, Ga., to 15 years in prison  for attempting to provide material support to a a terrorist organization, specifically ISIS. According to the Justice Department,  for more than a year, an FBI-led team investigated Davis’ attempts to join an overseas terrorist group. He was arrested at an airport in Atlanta on a parole violation. Contact Tresa Baldas:  tbaldas@freepress.com 160 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2oDPsLN
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US military fires 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles on Trump's orders at Homs airfield where Syrian dictator Assad launched chemical attack BREAKING NEWS: Furious Putin calls US airstrikes on Syria an 'illegal act of aggression' and warns of damage to relations with Washington which are already 'in tatters' US alerted Russian military 30 minutes before Syria airstrike but made NO direct contact with Putin as Tillerson accuses Moscow of being 'complicit' in chemical attack Republicans including John McCain and Ted Cruz praise Trump for Syrian airstrikes but Democrats say any further military action needs to be run past Congress Trump's red line: Speed in which President launched airstrikes against Syria lays bare just how different he is from methodical Obama and his lack of action Netanyahu leads worldwide praise of Trump's airstrikes on Syria and says he hopes they will be heard from Iran to North Korea Woman, 30, who was seeking treatment for eczema dies after being given an IV of TURMERIC solution by a naturopathic practitioner Louisiana man, 74, confesses 'out of the blue' to cold case 1993 murder of his son-in-law on the 24th anniversary of his death New hope for pancreatic cancer sufferers as a revolutionary treatment may double patients' survival time and prevent tumors from spreading Jimmy Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project with late night host after he passed away aged 90 Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Good Samaritan doctor, 47, who stopped to help SIX teenagers trapped in an overturned jeep dies after being hit by a car during the rescue Eleven-year-old boy hanged himself 'after his 13-year-old girlfriend faked her death and got her friends to convince him she really was dead on social media in tragic online prank' Woman is mauled to death by two pit bulls while walking her dog in an Oklahoma City suburb Taser offers free one-year trial of body cameras to every US police force and renames itself Axon to broaden focus from stun guns Two teen girls, 16 and 17, are killed falling from their hotel balcony in South Carolina What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids Didn't see the funny side? Portland protester is removed from city council meeting for trying to give the mayor a Pepsi in nod to THAT Kendall commercial Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has 'gotten absolutely nothing' from Chinese leader as he and First Lady in red Melania host their counterparts at start of two-day Palm Beach summit FBI's James Comey cost me the election: Hillary Clinton uses first interview to say letter revealing email probe was 'determinative' in 'devastating' defeat - along with Wikileaks Hillary attends yet another musical as she meets cast on opening night of 'War Paint' Top table! Jared and Ivanka are seated beside Chinese First Lady at Mar-A-Lago dinner after flying in with their Mandarin-speaking kids for summit  Trump family are running 'worn-out' Secret Service into the ground with the high cost of protecting them and their frequency to travel House intel chief steps aside from Russia probe over ethics charges – which he calls a left-wing plot to smear him Previous Next 'It's a daily struggle': A slimmed-down Mama June discusses incredible weight loss on the Dr. Oz Show By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 23:12 EDT, 5 April 2017 | Updated: 03:05 EDT, 6 April 2017 e-mail 160 shares 99 View comments Mama June is still riding high after her recent slim down. Following her epic 150-pound weight loss, the Here Comes Honey Boo Boo star sat down with Dr Mehmet Oz, 56, for a candid discussion on The Dr. Oz Show on Wednesday. Joined by her youngest daughter, Alana 'Honey Boo Boo' Thompson, the mom of four appeared to be in great spirits during the TV appearance. Flaunting it: Mama June showed off her newly slimmed down figure during a appearance on The Dr. Oz Show on Wednesday Showing off her newly slimmed down figure, the 37-year-old reality star wore long black pants and a fitted long sleeve blue top, with cream lace patches on the elbows. Her 11-year-old daughter wore matching black pants and a long sleeve aqua top. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Is she putting her kids on a diet? Mama June wants to make... Mama June goes bra-free in NYC showing off boob job after... Keeping the weight off! Mama June is seen for first time... Mama's in skinny jeans! June Shannon steps out with Honey... Share this article Share 160 shares Speaking to Dr Oz about her transformation, Mama June - real name June Shannon - confessed one of the best things about her weight loss is that her back doesn't hurt anymore. 'I mean, going around Times Square where my back doesn't hurt as much, you know, being here... being able to spend time,' she told the famed surgeon. Laughing it off: The Here Come Honey Boo Boo star appeared to be in great spirits as she shared a laugh with Dr Mehmet Oz, alongside her daughter, Alana Thompson Backing off: The 37-year-old said one of the best things about her recent weight loss was that her back no longer hurt But she admits it's been hard work trying to get down to her goal weight, saying surgery alone wasn't going to cut it.  'It's a daily struggle,' she added. 'I've had the gastric sleeve. I've had the skin removal surgery. But who would think, "Oh, that's just a fix," you know what I'm saying.'  'Trust me, it's work. You have to work put the work into it, because if you don't, there's no sense in spending the money and having the stuff done.' Tough times: Honey Boo Boo confessed her mom was extremely moody while trying to lose weight, because she was always 'hangry' And according to Honey Boo Boo, it was no walk through the park for her either. The former child beauty queen said her mom was often in a bad mood, craving fatty foods after cutting down on her diet. 'She'd be, like, "I need it. I need it." I'd be, like, "Mama, calm down,"' she confessed.  'And then we would be walking somewhere, say Wal-Mart and so we'd be walking to Wal-Mart. She'd be, like, "Oh, my God, you need to walk faster." And I'm walking as fast as I possibly can. I'm, like, "Shut up, you're just hangry."' Putting in the effort: The blonde star - seen here next to her personal trainer, Kenya Crooks - said it took a lot of work to lose the weight  Read more: www.doctoroz.com/ Share or comment on this article e-mail 160 shares Most watched News videos Girl in India found living with monkeys dubbed Mowgli 2.0 Girl found living with monkeys can't walk or talk like humans Sunrise news team tricked by crocodile garden ornament Uber passenger threatens to falsely accuse driver of rape Cute Chinese kid owns Little Big Shots stage with his Latin dance Couple caught getting frisky in university building Amazing parrot Einstein able to mimic human sounds and movements Disturbing footage of attempted child abduction in Philadelphia Kendall Jenner stars in Pepsi's 'Live for Now Moments Anthem' ad Driving tutor caught shouting and swearing at kids on horseback Shocking video shows effects of stomach acid mixed with coke Trump orders launch of 50 Tomahawk missiles on Syrian airbase 'Mowgli girl' who walks on all fours and does not speak... 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US... Eleven-year-old boy killed himself 'after his 13-year-old... Father driven to kill by grief: The true story of the... Aggressive passenger is recorded telling an Uber driver... Surgeon hailed a hero after picture shows him sleeping on... Missing mother Samantha Baldwin, 40, is arrested for... 'My children... they were beautiful': Syrian father whose... Police launch desperate search for schoolgirl, 15, who... Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has... 'Something should happen' says Trump after Syria... Teenager, 15, was found dead in his family's garden... 'I want my mommy': Pedophile FILMED girl, four, screaming... EXCLUSIVE - 'She wants to tell her story': Mel B is... EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks... It's a 'total lie!' says Steve Bannon following report he... Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after... Too middle class to be mentally ill: Mum who jumped off... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 99 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Splish splash! Kaia Gerber and father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Continued to have the time of their lives Hot metal! Jennifer Lopez wows as she flashes ample cleavage in plunging silver tank top JLo had an intense expression She's got great jeans! Khloe Kardashian parades bodacious behind in black tracksuit on way to her Good American denim warehouse What's going on here? Bella Hadid spotted exiting a car with Australian model Jordan Barrett... after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Sparkle and shine! Kate Bosworth dazzles in clingy off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Oozed glitz and glamor in an off-the-shoulder and fitted dress It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED Still got the Baywatch bod! Kelly Rohrbach gives a peek of her taut tummy as she stretches in cropped sweater during lunch in LA Sitting outside a cafe Peep show! Lea Michele flashes her cleavage and midriff in lace up bodysuit during photo shoot inside recording studio Showing some skin Fully booked (and clothed)! Brooke Burke wears jumper and jeans to signing after going topless at beach She attended the event fully clothed Leading ladies! Karlie Kloss shows off flawless figure in metallic number as Allison Williams stuns in off-the-shoulder dress at DVF Awards Sheer delight! Katy Perry flashes flesh in see-through top for stunning arrival at Chanel dinner She showed off her platinum 'do Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV project after he passed away aged 90 Misty mornings, dreamy sunsets and picture-perfect cocktails: 12 Instagram photos that perfectly capture the LA vibe SPONSORED 'It started 11 years ago': Scheana Shay reveals she became anorexic 'before Kim Kardashian made big butts cool' Star opens her heart  No Blindspot here! Jaimie Alexander dons chic spectacles and sky-high heels for New York Moves Power Women Forum in NYC Business attire 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Denied the rumors 'You've always been a b****: Newly slim Mama June is confronted by Sugar Bear's fiancée in From Not to Hot finale teaser Pending nuptials Jimmy Fallon proves marriage to Nancy is just fine as they make rare appearance with daughters Winnie and Frances at Universal Studios 'The teepee goes into the peepee': Anne Hathaway's parenting chat on Ellen with Colossal co-star Jason Sudeikis takes hilarious turn Chris Evans reunites with Gifted co-stars McKenna Grace and Octavia Spencer at NYC screening Posed at a screening of his new film Gifted Streaming stars! Adam Sandler suits up for premiere of new Netflix comedy Sandy Wexler featuring wife Jackie Escorted his wife and co-star Jackie PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles is seen for the first time following Mel B's claim that she fell pregnant during affair with Stephen Belafonte FIRST PHOTO: New dad Jesse Eisenberg enjoys stroll with baby boy and girlfriend Anna Strout in NYC Showing off his baby boy for the first time Another reason to fall in love with him! Chris Hemsworth leaves fans in awe as he shows off his incredible surfing skills in Australia Indulging in his passion This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Keeping a beat 'You must be willing to die for something': The life and death of Tupac Shakur unfolds in official trailer for All Eyez On Me Lead role is played by Demetrius Shipp Dynamic duo! Sarah Paulson wows in black sheer midi as Keri Russell goes casual chic at star-studded FX upfront event in NYC Major stars gathered Juggling act: Paris Hilton clutches pooch Diamond Baby while hand-in-hand with new beau Chris Zylka on shopping trip in LA New lovebirds 'I was the girl version of Macaulay Culkin': Busy Philipps shares adorable throwback image... after glam appearance at Fashion LA awards An historic moment! Taylor Swift wins bid to have movie mogul Goldwyn's mansion designated landmark (and can now apply for tax relief) 'This angel is absolutely perfect': Million Dollar Listing star Josh Altman and wife Heather welcome baby daughter Alexis It's a girl! Billie Lourd joins cast of American Horror Story season seven about 2016 US election starring Sarah Paulson  The 24-year-old will star opposite Paulson 'It's very scary': Expecting dad Zach Roloff reveals baby son may be a dwarf in Little People, Big World teaser Reveals his secret heartache 'Did you say ninja?!' Mark Hamill voices Han Solo to perfection in Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars The Force Awakens Tribute to Carrie Fisher Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Pulled off the double denim look Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors Retail therapy at Barneys The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Stunned in a chic winter ensemble No spring in her step! Malia Obama braves rainy New York City weather in her parka as she heads to work Spotted heading into the Weinstein & Co offices Viva la Roma! Sofia Vergara shows off her killer curves in hip hugging lace gown for gala event in Italy She showed off just a little bit of cleavage Proud mom Jessa Duggar shares snap of two-month old son Henry taking his 'first steps' Welcomed their son Henry on February 6 She's ripped! Paige Butcher shows off insanely toned tummy in Hawaii as takes a dip in the ocean while holding baby she had with Eddie Murphy She's the main act! Brooke Shields shows off leg in sophisticated blue gown at opening of Broadway play At the opening of War Paint in New York Show me the money! Stephen Belafonte files official response to Mel B's divorce petition and wants her to pay He has asked her to pay his lawyer's fees Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second consecutive appearance since winning a restraining order against husband Stephen Belafonte Mel B and the folly of hiring gorgeous staff: JAN MOIR says men who cheat with the nanny are delivering a double dagger to their wife's heart Curtain couture! Olivia Culpo channels The Sound of Music in quirky dress The 24-year-old worked the unusual ensemble in West Hollywood No frown at The Get Down: Baz Luhrmann, 54, reveals his VERY wrinkle free and puffy complexion at Netflix premiere in New York Australian icon Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Legendary funnyman With a little help from her friends: Melissa George comforted by gal pals on a night out amid bitter custody dispute with ex Jean-David Blanc 'I broke up with the guy I was going to marry, so I had to move out': Iggy Azalea 'sold her cars and lives in a regular house' after breaking up with Nick Young Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Supposed to be going through a divorce Plotting his return? Reclusive Richard Simmons signs lucrative new global licensing deal that suggests he may soon high-kick his way out of hiding Love's young dream! Jai Courtney's stunning girlfriend Mecki Dent flashes her bra in sheer top as the couple put on an affectionate display  Beautiful couple Avengers: Infinity War filming continues as a HUGE explosion rocks Edinburgh...as stars such as Elizabeth Olsen continue shooting for anticipated flick Singing showdown! Demi Lovato and James Corden go face-to-face in Divas Riff-Off song battle Corden learned never to challenge a modern diva Sleepover with the BFF: Kylie Jenner enjoys relaxing morning in bed with Jordyn Woods... after ex boyfriend Tyga moves out Leaning on her bestie If you've got it, flaunt it! Chloe Grace Moretz puts her long and toned legs on display after Pilates class Showed off her gym-honed figure Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle 'My honey': Cindy Crawford toasts her husband of 20 years Rande Gerber on beach break in St Barths Shared a photo from her family's vacation 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Unusual treatment He cleans up nice! Bill and Hillary Clinton's male model nephew looks a mess in his 2015 mugshot after bar fight Now Tyler Clinton, 22, is signed with IMG agency  Daisy Lowe flashes her bra under sheer shirt as she works androgynous chic at star-studded American Gods premiere Rocked the red carpet Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death Her memory is living on Pippa Middleton 'BANS model Vogue Williams from attending her wedding'... despite her dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Sheen was on the cusp of superstardom Is a hat-trick in the Cannes for Nicole? Actress could have three movies gracing the film festival next month  Will soon be revealed Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on David when she's working... as she credits her 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire A sugar lump, Camilla? How sweet of you: Duchess feeds stallion during visit to Vienna's Spanish Riding School  Given a tour of the celebrated riding school 'My amazing grandmother saved Jews from Hitler': Prince Charles reveals how the Duke of Edinburgh's mother took in a Jewish family in WWII Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' Fergie charity in hot water over failure to file accounts: Foundation is served with default notice by watchdog after not providing details since 2013  They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler Is walking barefoot the secret to a better life? Gwyneth Paltrow says she 'swears by' unique 'earthing' therapy, which is said to cure insomnia and depression Paris chic! Diane Kruger models leather jacket, pink scarf to hit French Movie Festival... but beau Norman Reedus is nowhere to be seen No one's looking at her feet! Chanel Iman flashes her toned midriff in leather bralette as she promotes sandals The 26-year-old model flashed the flesh  'You big needy bald baby!': Mel B fights with husband Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in couples therapy as clips from their reality show resurface  Mel B is spotted leaving lawyer's office amid reports she's 'bringing in forensic accountant after ex Stephen Belafonte took control of her finances' EXCLUSIVE: Dean McDermott splurges on a second motorcycle and anti-aging treatment as Amex joins list of creditors demanding $80,000 from wife Tori  Pregnant Lara Trump is left to wrangle her own $4,000 Louis Vuitton suitcase ahead of a flight to Washington, D.C. as her Secret Service agents look on Beauty and the best: Selena Gomez's $2 manicure and Stella Maxwell's purple smoky eye top our list of the week's most head-turning looks They sure look good together! Bra-free Courtney Stodden flashes sideboob in tiny tank top as she cuddles up to a mystery man in Beverly Hills As Emily Ratajkowski and Chrissy Teigen step out rocking the deconstructed shirting trend, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options for YOU to shop now Austin Powers star Verne Troyer hospitalized for alcohol abuse and will be checking into rehab Actor, 48, at San Fernando Valley facility What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids She is yet to publicly comment on storm Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The Queen prepares to say goodbye to 'Royal outsider' Lord Snowdon Memorial service for her late brother-in-law Game of Thrones' The Mountain has Bell's palsy: Here's what it means Recently revealed he has temporary facial paralysis Hungry for love! Anthony Bourdain shares passionate kiss with younger Italian girlfriend before proudly watching her in a play in Rome EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions during his tour 'You have an ally': Justin Theroux says he loves being married to Jennifer Aniston because she always has his back Pair tied knot in 2015 'I'm still turned on by her': Scott Disick admits he's still attracted to ex Kourtney Kardashian  He split from the mother of his three children in 2015 'It costs $40K a month to be me!': Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne says she has to spend a fortune to look good for the camera Encore! Amy Schumer watches John Mayer in concert at Madison Square Garden in NYC The Trainwreck star was smiling and clapping to the soft-rocker's hits Gender non-binary Billions star asks the Emmys to reconsider their 'actor or actress' categories and decides to compete as an 'actor' Breakout star 'The president is a moron': Former SNL star Taran Killam says Donald Trump struggled to read and didn't get many of the jokes when he hosted in 2015  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan swaps modest Burkini for sexy cut-out swimsuit in Thailand Mean Girls actress has been studying Islam  'I never felt sexy with guys before': Meghan Trainor dishes on boyfriend Daryl Sabara as she reveals he's 'obsessed' with her body Winnie Harlow shows off her impossibly long legs in tiny miniskirt as she appears at star-studded WE Day charity event in New York Sofia Richie bonds with dad Lionel as he recovers from knee injury that forced him to postpone tour with Mariah Carey Spotted at concert in LA Supportive sister: Dressed down Duchess of Cambridge leaves Pippa's house in London after a bridal party summit six weeks before the big day  The Daily Show pokes fun at Ivanka Trump redefining the word 'complicit' in funny series of tweets that put a totally new spin on other phrases Tiffany makes first White House visit and attends event in support of wounded veterans before all five Trump kids head to Mar-a-Lago with Donald  Wined and refined! Eva Longoria looks effortlessly chic in black dungarees as she visits Basque vineyard with husband José Bastón Pair on getaway to Spain 'Blowhard bully' Alec Baldwin bashes 'untalented Hollywood producer' in Twitter spat over love scene in 2006 film with underage actress Nikki Reed Moving on to the legs! David Beckham adds to huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... days after watching son Brooklyn get his first tatt Katie Holmes enjoys outing with pretty-in-pink Suri... days after she was pictured at dinner with Jamie Foxx The 38-year-old actress was spotted in New York Empire actor Morocco Omari arrested for domestic violence Is accused of repeatedly pushing a 24-year-old woman during an argument in Chicago  Freida Pinto steals the show in elegant embroidered ensemble as she joins co-star Idris Elba at the UK launch of new TV drama Guerrilla Slumdog Millionaire star Ready for Easter! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend pose with their daughter Luna as they take photos with a bunny in West Hollywood Get Out wins the most MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations while Beauty & The Beast, Game Of Thrones and Stranger Things also do well The Spice that divided Mel's marriage: Stephen Belafonte looks on as America's Got Talent judge shares VERY amorous clinch with two female friends PICTURED: Mel B shares a smile with the stunning German nanny she FIRED just six weeks after this 'mortifying' family vacation to Ibiza Lily-Rose Depp looks Parisian chic in casual black-and-white outfit while on shopping trip The 17-year-old model headed to popular LA  mall The Grove As stars like Charlotte McKinney and Kendall Jenner are looking pretty in pink, FEMAIL rounds up chicest clothing and accessories in soft hue She had the full Hollywood makeover! Mama June spent $10K getting her teeth fixed... after weight loss surgery, skin removal and a boob job 'You f***ing racist': Shia LaBeouf gets kicked out of Studio City bowling alley after exploding into a rant at fellow patron The 30-year-old was tossed out of  Pinz  Kourtney Kardashian heads out on another dinner date with Quincy Brown after getaway to Hawaii with ex Scott Disick and their children Something to tell us? Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cradles her blossoming baby bump as she treats herself to a shopping spree   Expecting her first child  A home fit for a Starman! David Bowie's former New York apartment hits the market for $6.5million - and it even comes with the rock legend's piano Paul O'Neill, creator of the rock group Trans-Siberian Orchestra, is found dead in a Florida hotel room at age 61 Body discovered in Tampa Embassy Suites  Heidi Klum flaunts her athletic figure and impressive abs in a patterned bikini on beach Turks and Caicos getaway AGT judge looking good PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Makeup-free Game Of Thrones actress Maisie Williams cools down after going for jogging with a male pal in London Hollywood heartthrob Gerard Butler sports a bushy beard and flat cap as he continues to film new movie Keepers The 47-year-old is pulling off different look  Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in a chic mini skirt and ruffled blouse as she promotes Fast & Furious 8 in Madrid The actress, 41, looked simply sensational  Pretty Little Liars star Ashley Benson legs it around town in stylish workout gear Went back to basics in formfitting black after her morning gym session 'Spring breaking!': Lisa Rinna, 53, shares flashback photo in black bikini after ugly end to season seven of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 'I don't look at the cup as half full': Pierce Brosnan reflects on life after the devastating loss of his first wife and daughter to ovarian cancer Feeling The Force! Daisy Ridley squeals with glee as she unleashes her inner adrenaline junkie at theme park  Just finished Last Jedi 'I'm actually rather dangerous': Annabelle Wallis insists her looks can be deceiving as she discusses her 'layered' personality in Town & Country magazine PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Brooke Burke goes TOPLESS as she splashes around in sexy white lace-up bathing suit during family vacation to St. Barts Hot to Trot! Bethenny Frankel steps out in skintight cut-out LBD in New York after Watch What Happens Live appearance She was all smiles 'Nobody calls': Caitlyn Jenner reveals she's been frozen out by the Kardashians since transitioning in candid face-off with Khloe Kardashian Pammy-Ooh-la-la! Ms Anderson, 49, turns seductress in bondage-style lingerie ad... as she finally declares her love for Julian Assange The ultimate pin-up The birthday suit is back! Joanna Krupa poses stark NAKED once again in a sizzling snap to toast turning 38 Put on a steamy display out in the sun 'Waited a long time': Nikki Bella shows off huge engagement ring while behind the bar on Bravo's WWHL Proudly showed off her 4.5-carat ring The Dick Knight: Christian Bale in talks to play Vice President Cheney in new biopic that would reteam actor with Amy Adams as politician's wife Lynne Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a white string bikini as she shares clip of herself blowing kisses on the beach We're NOT exploiting Black Lives Matter, Pepsi insists: Man who made controversial Kendall ad claims it was based on images of Vietnam War protests Lena Dunham goes nude in Golden Girls spoof as she and her HBO castmates perform hilarious skit for Jimmy Kimmel Thanks for being a friend But wait, there's more! Will & Grace revival gets extended with 12 episodes for NBC reboot The network has added an additional two episodes EXCLUSIVE - 'She wants to tell her story': Mel B is 'gagging' German nanny from revealing all about 'sex with Stephen Belafonte' , says her lookalike sister Hugh Jackman and Michelle Williams turn up the heat with a passionate kiss on the New York City set of their new film The Greatest Showman Gigi Hadid embraces a laid back look as she steps out in Paris in a loose vest top and baggy boyfriend jeans Flashing a coy smile to  sea of admirers Simon Le Bon hits Miami with bikini-clad female companion as he enjoys downtime ahead of Duran Duran gig Hungry Like the Wolf singer Lady Gaga is a far cry from her usual flamboyant self as she covers up in elegant and demure ensemble for new Tiffany campaign Very different look Beyonce shares intimate photos of last year's anniversary vacation with Jay Z at the Grand Canyon... but it's Blue Ivy who steals the show Hitting the highlights? Keith Urban appears to have dyed his hair AGAIN as singer accepts award at Grammys on the Hill event in Washington Aloha! Bikini-clad Kate Hudson shows off her trim frame as she enjoys a hike in Hawaii with sons Ryder, 13, and Bingham, 5 Family vay-cay Luann de Lesseps plans wedding while Bethenny Frankel sells Tribeca pad for $7 million in RHONY season premiere But there's more fighting     DON'T MISS 'Some seasons have been horrendous': Kyle Richards dishes the dirt on Real Housewives castmates and explains why Beverly Hills is the best version 'John doesn't want kids': Recently engaged Nikki Bella reveals she and WWE Superstar fiancé Cena have NO plans to have children John proposed Sunday 'The world can't take jokes': Teen Mom OG's Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra respond to backlash over fake pregnancy announcement No Pitt of despair! Slimline Brad drowns his slender frame in oversized trousers at Lost City Of Z premiere as he moves on from split from Angelina Jolie Sienna Miller showcases her incredibly toned pins in daring chevron striped bikini as she soaks up the sun during relaxing Mexican getaway Kendall Jenner 'devastated' by the controversy  over 'offensive' Pepsi advert which caused outrage after appearing to trivialise protests Chic Kate Moss keeps it casual in a grey blazer and skinny jeans as she makes the street her catwalk in London She, showcased her supermodel sass That's a fun day! Jamie Lynn Spears shares video of daughter Maddie on Easter egg hunt and swamp tour after recovering from scary ATV accident Khloe Kardashian shows off taut stomach in revealing lace bodysuit after filming scenes with Scott and Kourtney for KUWTK Showed off a lot of skin Mommy and me! Heavily pregnant Ciara brings son Future to visit the Easter bunny in LA just days before due date Looked ready to pop 'I bow to your knowledge': Prince Charles gushes about his wife Camilla's fine taste in wine as the pair toast to the end of their tour of Europe Table for two! Christina Milian sports casual T-shirt and skinny jeans for trip to LA eatery with handsome mystery man The 35-year-old singer has been unlucky in love Putting her good foot forward! Jodie Sweetin is all smiles at interview after pricy custody order ruling... then hobbles through airport on crutches United front! Scarlett Johansson and estranged husband Romain Dauriac attend art opening in NY amid ongoing custody battle Still friends? Bond girl Monica Bellucci, 52, flaunts her age-defying figure in a knitted LBD and knee-high boots as she steps out in Rome Getting better with age  Daddy's girl! Jessica Alba rocks kooky specs and chic teal coat as she enjoys New York City lunch date with her father Mark Bonding in Big Apple Mel B seen for FIRST time since filing a restraining order against Stephen Belafonte... amid claims he 'hounded' her for threesomes Nicole Kidman admits she 'tortured' herself to look like the 'Aussie beach girl' ideal and has lost her famous spiral curls from straightening her tresses too much 'Equal opportunity b*tch!' Real Housewives Of New York star Sonja Morgan says co-star Bethenny Frankel will dish it out to anyone Season 9 begins April 5 Michael Caine and wife Shakira make a handsome couple as Morgan Freeman slips his compression glove back on to dine out with the duo in Mayfair Veteran actor Michael Caine hails the 'freedom' of Brexit as he dismisses the idea 'racism' was behind United Kingdom's decision to quit the EU The picture of health! Slimline Jonah Hill hugs fellow fitness fanatic Lena Dunham after meeting in Los Angeles They are two of the biggest young stars Mama, I love you! Geri Horner, 44, looks svelte in a belted suede jacket as she arrives at TV studios less than two months after giving birth to son Monty Thirsty? Rachel McCord goes topless during photo shoot for bottled water in Malibu There was not an inch to pinch on the 27-year-old model 'It's a daily struggle': A slimmed-down Mama June discusses incredible weight loss on the Dr. Oz Show Follows her epic 150-pound weight loss 'I hope you rot in HELL!': Mel B's sister brands her ex a 'psychopath' and a 'sorry excuse for a man' in furious post following abuse allegations Kourt out! Kourtney Kardashian leaves studio in baggy white mom jeans after KUWTK shoot with Khloe and Scott Small screen beauty Practice makes perfect! Abigail Breslin and Colt Prattes recreate the iconic lift from Dirty Dancing during rehearsals for TV reboot 'Her fiancé is projecting his penis': Bethenny Frankel delivers low blow to co-star Luann de Lesseps on Watch What Happens Live Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shields her blossoming baby bump from view as she steps out in New York with fiancé Jason Statham Ramona Singer leads the glam in an LBD as cast of The Real Housewives Of New York unite for season premiere party A night to celebrate Penciling in another engagement! Spain's Queen Letizia looks chic in a fitted skirt as she visits a hospital during a state visit to Japan Always elegant royal 'I'm not complaining!' Vin Diesel brags about THAT kiss with Charlize Theron in Fate Of The Furious Gushed about multiple takes of the same kiss Sienna Miller stuns in flirty dress as she poses alongside her dapper castmates for the Los Angeles premiere of The Lost City of Z Wore a lemon frill frock She's pregnant! Jenny Mollen and Jason Biggs post silly Instagram photo to announce they are expecting a second child Creative announcement Bravo! Tina Fey keeps it demure as she bundles up arriving to opening night of Present Laughter on Broadway with husband Jeff Richmond Mena Suvari looks chic in cutout black dress as she attends the premiere of SHOT! The Psycho-Spiritual Mantra of Rock Sleek and chic 'You guys are going to be shocked': Jeff Lewis reveals on WWHL that Kim Zolciak helped most with fatherhood One of his biggest supports Lauren Silverman looks sensational in plunging vest top worn with skinny jeans and skyscraper heels as she steps out in LA Looked sensational  Billy Zane packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they share passionate smooch while dining in Milan The Zoolander 2 star got smoochy in public Charlie Hunnam shares a bromantic hug with Robert Pattinson at Lost City Of Z premiere... after saying brooding actor 'didn't talk to him' on film set 'They couldn't have found someone else? Designer under fire for 'fat shaming' Amy Schumer after she was revealed as InStyle's stunning cover model 'I did take classes': Iggy Azalea reveals she lost 13lbs in one week while twerking for music video Mo Bounce  All that dancing kicked her body into shape Ready for her close-up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons silky pajamas and rollers in her hair while on New York set of her show Divorce Getting into character Model traveler! Miranda Kerr is a fashionable flyer in overcoat over navy blue mini skirt as she jets into LAX Sartorial elegance 'You don't see it coming': John Legend reveals he was blindsided by Chrissy Teigen's postpartum depression She bravely opened up Hugh Jackman puts down the Wolverine claws to send a warm greeting to fans ahead of Logan's May Japanease premiere  Such a gent Oops! Britney show forces Israeli Laborr party to delay leadership contest because security staff are already signed up to work at her Tel Aviv gig Baby daddy revealed? Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, drops hints the father of her third child 'Baby Lo' could be an old friend... Lopez is in the frame Kendall Jenner can't bear to show her face at airport after Pepsi pulls her 'offensive' Black Lives Matter ad amid growing storm including MLK's daughter  Coke is it! Madonna has sly Instagram dig at Pepsi after THAT mortifying Kendall Jenner fiasco Posted a photo of herself with a can of Coke Simply sophisticated! AnnaLynne McCord cuts classic figure in white crop top and matching trousers at star-studded benefit dinner  90210 actress was in LA Working it! Khloe Kardashian shows off cleavage in tank top at DASH...after Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries flashes bra at the shop 'I have to take the punishment': Abby Lee Miller takes full responsibility for criminal acts as she talks bankruptcy fraud charges 'It's time to get this party popping!' Adam Devine stars in hilarious teaser as he is named host of MTV Movie & TV Awards Workaholics star His un-caped crusader! Christian Bale cuddles his son Joseph as he takes the toddler out for lunch Carried his two-year-old tot to a cafe in LA Precious cargo! Natalie Portman steps out with baby daughter Amalia for the first time The 35-year-old took the tiny tot to popular walker sport in Los Angeles She's still got it! Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her enviable physique as she continues to enjoy family getaway in St Barths Flaunted her body The race is on! Flip Or Flop exes Christina and Tarek El Moussa 'are competing to land their own TV shows'... after posting dueling pinup snaps PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Now Lindsay Lohan wears a BURKINI: Mean Girls star hits the beach in modest swimwear in Thailand while studying Islam Yolanda Hadid shows off her svelte figure as she goes hell for leather in biker gear during NYC outing Made the sidewalks of New York her runway Going out girl: Emily Ratajkowski shows off her amazingly toned legs while out walking with a friend in LA Appeared to have an extra spring in her step 'You enjoyed humiliating me': RHOBH's Erika Girardi hits back at Dorit Kemsley in VERY tense reunion show trailer following pantygate Vroom vroom! Michelle Rodriguez revs it up in a black studded leather jacket as she heads to chat show appearance in New York Greeted fans She really LOVES that shirt: Dannii Minogue touches down at LAX wearing the same top she was sporting in Melbourne two days ago So nice she wore it twice Great jeans! Sofia Richie opts for casual look in double denim and fuzzy slippers to run errands in LA Appeared to wear very little makeup 'He's pretty f***ing cool!' Charlie Hunnam admits he developed a 'bit of a crush' on David Beckham when they worked together on King Arthur movie Give free or die hard! Bruce Willis, 62, and wife Emma, 38, arrive for annual gala of her baby charity Room To Grow Arrived hand-in-hand Padma Lakshmi stuns in two-piece ensemble while showing off a hint of toned tummy for the Women in the World Summit On the red carpet Model sighting! Kate Moss proves hard to miss in bright green jumper and skinny jeans as she emerges in London sunshine Casual chic 'I kept my butt in great shape': Anne Hathaway mistook her stunt double's derriere for her own while watching new flick Colossal Proud of her rear 'I haven't dated in a long time': Harry Styles reveals he's still on the lookout for love... as he admits his approach to romance was 'wrong and weird' Dapper Damian Lewis cozies up to glamorous wife Helen McCrory as they toast the opening night of The Goat or Who is Sylvia? Controversial role Is Kate's faithful flunkey set to take top job? PA could become Duchess's private secretary after accompanying her at series of engagements  Gotta keep the Faith! Eliza Dushku says she wasn't invited to the Buffy The Vampire Slayer reunion... despite starring in five seasons 20th anniversary A celebratory kiss! America Ferrera smooches husband Ryan Piers Williams after they complete a grueling triathlon in Hawaii 'Don't be mad': Iggy Azalea goes incognito as she arrives at LAX but manages to send a message with cheeky saying on hoodie Hardly recognizable Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber 'splash out £11million on NYC apartment opposite best friends George and Amal Clooney' Panoramic apartment All by my selfie! Kylie Jenner occupies herself by posing up a storm after Tyga 'moves out' of $6m home following breakup Embracing single life Bella Hadid shows off endlessly long legs in white mini-skirt... days after flaunting stellar body during girls' weekend in Mexico Heading to a photoshoot A vision in white! Diane Kruger commands attention as she teases at her assets in plunging flirty gown for French movie festival Daringly low-cut dress Stephen Belafonte calls Mel B's allegations 'a smear campaign' and claims 'real victims and survivors of domestic violence will be offended when truth comes out' Former Mouseketeer Britney Spears is set to receive Radio Disney's very first Icon Award Radio station is set to honor the star at a glitzy bash in LA on April 29 Where's Hef? Hugh Hefner skips massive party celebrating his new Amazon series - despite the fact it was just downstairs He was a no-show One proud mother! Makeup-free Katherine Heigl shares very rare photo of all three children as she promotes new film Unforgettable Downton star Michelle Dockery rocks a corset and cowgirl hat for stunning Vogue shoot as she speaks out on her role in Netflix's 'feminist western' Godless EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Charles and Camilla visit Pope Francis but no state visit invite for His Holiness  Did not invite him for a state visit this week 'F*** off': Dolce & Gabbana designer who dressed Melania Trump in $2900 blazer for her official White House portrait lashes out at critics online Charlize Theron teams a smart blazer with dazzling bling as she pulls off another winning look for the Paris premiere of Fast & Furious 8 Bachelorette lovers in paradise! JoJo Fletcher enjoys romantic bikini getaway with Jordan Rodgers  Pair, who met a year ago, hit beach in Fiji EXCLUSIVE: Kellyanne Conway dreamed of kissing rocker Rick Springfield, could be found 'at the mall' or 'in trouble' and shunned polyester and gossip  Dad's night out! Benedict Cumberbatch joins pals at London boutique launch a month after welcoming his second son with wife Sophie Hunter 'It was a release': Rio Ferdinand recalls the emotional moment he opened up to a friend about losing wife Rebecca six months after her death A porn star and a prostitute walk into a bar... Gabi Grecko shows off her cleavage as she does shots with former Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham Twinning! Naomi Watts sports matching outfit with friend as she braves the New York chill in a black coat and jeans Coordinating Red-y for a busy day! Bethenny Frankel is a mom on the move in bright coat as she heads to Today Show before bonding time with daughter Get your hands on Kim Kardashian's ample assets! Reality star releases $98 pool float shaped like her BUTT as part of new Kimoji merchandise range  Nothing is the same without him': Mother of Jose Fernandez's baby opens up about giving birth to their daughter after Marlins pitcher died in boat crash  Mama June goes bra-free in NYC showing off boob job after 300lb weight loss as she tells Good Morning America  she works 'every day' to stay slender Ni hao, Theodore: Ivanka Trump's youngest son learning Mandarin Chinese with building blocks just like big sister Arabella  'Best moment of the day!' Wedding bells? Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, 'are planning a future together' after their four children 'hit it off' Fast track to altar? Melania Trump puts on a chic show in an emerald dress as she meets Queen Rania of Jordan at the White House, before visiting a local school All that's missing are text books! Hilary Duff looks like a cute college student in a varsity jacket and distressed jeans on NYC set of Younger 'What's up, it's your boy!': Chris Pratt sings silly rap song about 180 calorie muffin after fasting to lose his 'love handles' for Jurassic World 2 Today's headlines Most Read 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US military fires 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles on Trump's... BREAKING NEWS: Putin calls US airstrikes on Syria an 'illegal act of aggression' US alerted Russian military 30 minutes before airstrike in Syria - but made no direct contact with Putin as... Republicans including John McCain and Ted Cruz praise Trump for Syrian airstrikes but Democrats say any... Trump's red line: Speed in which President launched airstrikes against Syria lays bare just how different he... Netanyahu leads worldwide praise of Trump's airstrikes on Syria and says he hopes they will be heard from... Woman, 30, who was seeking treatment for eczema dies after being given an IV of turmeric solution by a... Louisiana man, 74, indicted on a first-degree murder charge after he confessed 'out of the blue' to cold... New hope for pancreatic cancer sufferers as a revolutionary treatment may double patients' survival time and... Kimmel pays emotional tribute to master of insults Don Rickles as footage is released of comedian's final TV... Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90... Good Samaritan doctor, 47, who stopped to help SIX teenagers trapped in an overturned jeep dies after being... Eleven-year-old boy killed himself 'after his 13-year-old girlfriend faked her death and got her friends to... Woman mauled to death by two pit bulls while walking her dog in an Oklahoma City suburb Taser offers free one-year trial of body cameras to every US police force and renames itself Axon to broaden... Two teen girls, 16 and 17, who were killed falling from their hotel balcony in South Carolina are identified What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids Portland protester is removed from city council meeting for trying to give the mayor a Pepsi in parody of... Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has 'gotten absolutely nothing' from Chinese leader as he and... Hillary: FBI's James Comey cost me the election. Clinton says letter revealing email probe was... Hillary attends yet another musical as she meets cast on opening night of 'War Paint' after giving her first... Top table! Jared and Ivanka are seated beside Chinese First Lady at Mar-A-Lago dinner after flying in with... Trump family are running 'worn-out' secret service into the ground with the high cost of protecting them and... House intel chief steps aside from Russia probe over ethics charges – which he calls a left-wing plot to... Pregnant Lara Trump is left to wrangle her own $4,000 Louis Vuitton suitcase ahead of a flight to... Mitt Romney is thinking about running for SENATE in 2018 - as Republicans press Utah's Orrin Hatch to... 'When you have war at 7 but a croquet game at 8': Jared Kushner is ridiculed for wearing a sport coat and... That's one less thing to worry about! Republican right-wingers say they WON'T shut down the government (but... Ivanka is revealed to have secretly met Planned Parenthood chief - who then uses ultra-liberal get-together... MORE HEADLINES 'Mowgli girl' who walks on all fours and does not speak like a human is found living with monkeys in India 'No child of God should ever suffer such horror': US military fires 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles on Trump's orders at Homs airfield where Syrian dictator Assad launched chemical attack Diplomacy for dinner! President Trump jokes he has 'gotten absolutely nothing' from Chinese leader as he and First Lady in red Melania host their counterparts at start of two-day Palm Beach summit Eleven-year-old boy killed himself 'after his 13-year-old girlfriend faked her death and got her friends to convince him she really was dead on social media in tragic online prank'  It's a 'total lie!' says Steve Bannon following report he threatened to QUIT over National Security Council demotion as he insists there's 'zero' chance he's going anywhere Aggressive passenger is recorded telling an Uber driver she will falsely accuse him of RAPE as they argue about a phone charger Farewell to the master of insults: Tributes pour in after legendary comedian Don Rickles passes away aged 90 at his LA home  Four stunning surfers take to the sea but can YOU tell what’s different about their wetsuits?  'My children... they were beautiful': Syrian father whose wife and twin babies were killed in 'Assad gas attack' weeps over his family's graves in heart-breaking footage Woman, 30, who was seeking treatment for eczema dies after being given an IV of turmeric solution by a naturopathic practitioner  'I want my mommy': Pedophile FILMED girl, four, screaming for help as he raped her and 'assaulted multiple other young girls who he'd tie up and threaten with guns before acting out sick perversions' EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions during his Purpose tour Two teen girls, 16 and 17, who were killed falling from their hotel balcony in South Carolina are identified 'The president is a moron': Former SNL star Taran Killam says Donald Trump struggled to read and didn't get many of the jokes when he hosted in 2015  No spring in her step! Malia Obama braves rainy New York City weather in a parka and mini-skirt as she heads to work 'Something should happen' says Trump after Syria gas-attack atrocity as his secretary of state reveals plans for international coalition to topple Assad Good Samaritan doctor, 47, who stopped to help SIX teenagers trapped in an overturned jeep dies after being hit by a car during the rescue Defiant President Assad declares there is 'no option except victory' as he wages chemical war on his own people and says he is confident of totally defeating 'jihadists'  Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit Father driven to kill by grief: The true story of the husband who murdered air traffic controller he held responsible for crash that killed his wife and children that is behind new Arnie movie Surgeon hailed a hero after picture shows him sleeping on a hospital floor following a mammoth 28-hour shift EXCLUSIVE: Down and out Dean McDermott splurges on a second motorcycle and 'cryotherapy' anti-aging treatment as American Express joins the list of creditors demanding over $80,000 from wife Tori Spelling EXCLUSIVE: Did the CIA have a mole at the heart of Putin's hacking operation for years? Russians charge spy colonel with treason, find $12m in his house - then discover his identity is fake Daddy's little girl: Tiffany makes first White House visit and attends event in support of wounded veterans before all five Trump kids head to Mar-a-Lago with Donald (and China's president) Toledo man accused of chasing a relative with a hatchet and hitting the hood of a truck with the weapon by accident pleads not guilty Russia to send the world's largest submarine to the Baltic: Monster sub armed with 20 nuclear missiles to sail into NATOs 'swimming pool' as Putin flexes his muscles How America USED to look: Ultra-precise maps compiled for insurance companies from as early as the 1860s reveal incredible detail about neighborhoods across the US Trump supporter 'feels betrayed' after her undocumented husband is DEPORTED - because she thought the president would only deport 'bad hombres'  We're NOT exploiting Black Lives Matter, Pepsi insists: Man who made controversial Kendall Jenner ad claims it was based on images of Vietnam War protests MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News SmartREIT First Quarter Results and Conference Call /EINPresswire.com/ — TORONTO, ONTARIO–(Marketwired – Apr 5, 2017) – Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (TSX:SRU.UN) announced today that it will issue its financial results for the three months ending March 31, 2017 on Wednesday, May 10, 2017. SmartREIT will hold a conference call on Wednesday, May 10, 2017 at 5:30 p.m. (ET). Participating on the call will be members of SmartREIT’s senior management. Investors are invited to access the call by dialing 1-800-263-0877. You will be required to identify yourself and the organization on whose behalf you are participating. A recording of this call will be made available Wednesday, May 10, 2017 beginning at 8:30 p.m. (ET) through to 8:30 p.m. (ET) on Wednesday, May 17, 2017. To access the recording, please call 1-888-203-1112 and enter the Replay Passcode 8435702#. About SmartREIT SmartREIT is one of Canada’s largest real estate investment trusts with total assets in excess of $8.7 billion. It owns and manages 32 million square feet in value-oriented, principally Walmart-anchored retail centres, having the strongest national and regional retailers as well as strong neighbourhood merchants. In addition, SmartREIT is a joint-venture partner in the Toronto and Montreal Premium Outlets with Simon Property Group. SmartREIT is now expanding the breadth of its portfolio to include residential (condominium and rental), office, and self-storage, either on its large urban properties such as the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre or as an adjunct to its existing shopping centres. SmartREIT’s core vision is to provide a value-oriented shopping experience in all forms to Canadian consumers and to create high quality mixed use developments in urban settings. With SmartREIT’s 2015 acquisition of SmartCentres, SmartREIT has transformed into a fully integrated real estate provider. SmartREIT and SmartCentres have had a long and successful alliance, helping to provide Canadians with value-focused retail shopping centres across the country. Now, the alliance has grown even stronger, the result is a fully integrated real estate provider with expertise in planning, development, leasing, operations and construction – all under one roof. For more information on SmartREIT, visit www.smartreit.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Veresen Confirms First Quarter Earnings Release Date and Provides First Quarter Conference Call and AGM Webcast Details Next PostNext Petrolia’s comment on the Anticosti negotiation Search Recent Posts Sustainable Palm Oil Market Growth, Trends and Value Chain 2016-2026 by FMI Feed Premix Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Cranial and Facial Implants Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Brain Tumor Treatment Market Segments and Key Trends 2016-2026 Convocation of the general shareholders meeting of Invalda INVL and draft resolutions Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 59° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 59° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Easter egg hunts planned April 5, 2017 at 11:18 p.m. Updated April 5, 2017 at 11:24 p.m. Easter is a little over a week away and several Crossroads groups and businesses are busy planning Easter egg hunts to help children celebrate the holiday. Here are some of the hunts planned: Saturday Majic 95.9 FM and the District Attorney Office's Eggstravaganza • 3-5 p.m. • Victoria Youth Sports Complex, 107 N. Ben Wilson St. Easter egg hunt with prizes in each egg, chance to win $45 gift certificate for sports equipment. Hunts for children in age groups between 4 and 12 years old. Christ the Victor Lutheran Church, 202 Stanly St., invites your children to an Easter egg hunt • 1 p.m. • Church's Fellowship Hall. • Will include Easter related activities, followed by refreshments, the Easter story, and the Easter egg hunt. Photos with the Easter Bunny Bring your pets and family by to get your photo taken with the Easter bunny. • 11 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday, Easter egg hunt starts at 2:30 p.m. • Northside Ranch, Pet and Garden Center, 5705 N. Main St. • Contact: 361-573-5000 Wednesday Victoria College Spring Carnival and Easter Egg Hunt • 5 to 7 p.m. Wednesday; egg hunt starts at 5:45 p.m. • The Quad area on VC's Main Campus, 2200 E. Red River St. There will be separate sections for specific age groups. Children ages 13 years and younger can compete in the Easter Egg Hunt. There will also be games and activities for the whole family. Popcorn, snow cones, brownies, cotton candy, hot dogs, nachos, Frito pies and lemonade will be available for purchase at the carnival. April 14 Riverside Food Truck Fest Easter Egg Hunt • 6:30-8 p.m. April 14 • Riverside Park Special Events Area • Contact: 361-550-0114 or 361-655-9134 H-E-B is having an Easter Egg Hunt Ages 2-4 years will hunt at 6 p.m.; ages 5-6, at 6:30 p.m.; ages 7-8 at 7 p.m.; and ages 9-13 at 7:30 p.m. Patti Welder school practice field. April 15 1st Annual Vet Kids Easter Egg Hunt • Noon April 15 • Vitality Court, 1303 N. John Stockbauer Drive All ages are welcome. We will have food, fun, games and tons of eggs. American Legion Post 166 along with Warrior's Weekend and other local volunteers will be there to help make this possible. All Vet Kids and their families are welcome. Come out and let's hunt some eggs. Victoria ER and The Duke Luxury Apartments will have an Easter Egg Hunt with three ages categories, 1-3, 4-6, and 7-10. Bring your own Easter egg basket. • 10 a.m.-noon April 15 • The Duke Luxury Apartments, 301 Augusta Drive. Wal-Mart SuperCenter, 9002 N. Navarro St., is having an Easter Egg Hunt • 10 a.m. • The hunt is divided into age groups, 1-3, 4-6 and 7-10. • Proceeds benefit Relay for Life. • With concessions, prizes, music and pictures with the Easter bunny. Palestine Baptist Church will host Easter egg hunt for children 3 p.m. 608 E. Convent St. Parkway Church, 4802 N, John Stockbauer Drive, will have Easter events for children 4 p.m. Enjoy a kid-friendly retelling of the Easter story with live music and games plus food trucks, bounce houses and an Easter egg hunt. Event is free, but bring money to purchase food. April 16 LifePointe Fellowship, 8150 Nursery Drive, will host an Easter Celebration Noon Children will take part in a giant Easter egg hunt, meet the Easter bunny, play in bouncy houses, get your face painted, enjoy sno-cones, and have a chance to meet real bunnies and chicks. What to bring: Easter basket or bag and 12 plastic eggs with individually wrapped candy inside each egg. If your organization is hosting an Easter egg hunt and it is not listed here, please send information to planner@vicad.com. RELATED Jam Fest to bring art, music to downtown Agents hunt for eggs, prizes Families find joy in Easter egg hunt Biz Buzz: The Easter Bunny is coming and it isn't cheap Eighth-graders mentor kindergarten students using Easter crafts -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 12  Recipe for love brings couple together 10  How does judge have power to override president's decision? 08  City official: Lyft not permitted to operate 07  US blasts Syria base with cruise missiles 06  Court documents reveal details of homicide suspect Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Paybis Makes Buying Bitcoin a Lot Easier With Credit Cards EDINBURGH, Scotland, April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Users on the leading digital and cryptocurrency exchange platform Paybis can now buy Bitcoin instantly with their credit card. The new feature makes Paybis one among the few platforms that offer such an option. Paybis accepts credit cards issued by major providers like Visa, MasterCard, etc. on its secure platform. Those making use of the „Bitcoin with Credit Card” option on the platform are assured to receive the cryptocurrency as soon as the card company approves their transaction. Buying Bitcoin with Credit Card is a convenient process where users can simply create an account on PayBis.com and sign in with either Facebook or Google for speed and convenience. Once verified, users will be able to choose the amount for which they wish to buy the cryptocurrency and execute payment. Paybis implements a quick, simple and easy to follow identity verification stage that takes as less as 30 minutes in processing time. The platform has a simple tiered system for those wanting to purchase Bitcoin with other payment methods, where they can increase the spending limits by successfully completing different levels of verification. New users can enjoy an impressive weekly credit card purchase allowance of $5,000 or a monthly allowance of $ 20,000 USD. Other payment methods supported by Paybis in addition to the Bitcoin with Credit Card option includes the likes of PayPal, Western Union, MoneyGram, OKPay, WebMoney, Skrill, Perfect Money, EPay, Yandex Money, Payeer, and Payza. The platform also offers the popular gift card to Bitcoin option that supports a range of gift cards from Amazon, Target, Walmart and other mainstream US vendors. The feature-packed Paybis cryptocurrency platform, with its attention to detail and an easy-to-use interface, provides a 24/7 live customer support for its users. The website’s design shares similarities with major online trading platforms to give its customers a familiar feel. Paybis takes its users’ security and privacy seriously and ensures adequate protections by implementing state-of-the-art security for transactions happening over the platform. It also has a fast, fully automated payments and transfer process to provide instant delivery of Bitcoin to the customers. Paybis believes in maintaining a transparent operating process with no hidden charges for the benefit of its clients. The fee structure and exchange rates for all payment methods can be directly accessed on Paybis website. All these features make Paybis one of the trusted platform among the community members with impressive feedback ratings to prove it. Paybis has completed over 50,000 transactions so far for more than 20,000 happy customers. It is going to further improve in the coming days with the introduction of few new features and products. About Paybis Started in 2014, Paybis is a fast-growing cryptocurrency and digital currency exchange platform. It is run by a group of experienced professionals from various industries with the aim of solving one of the actual e-commerce problems faced by the cryptocurrency and digital currency segment. Paybis is one of the few cryptocurrency platforms with a valid federal Money Service Business (MSB) license in the United States. Learn more about Paybis at – https://paybis.com Media Contact Contact Name: Inokentijs Isers Contact Email: pr@paybis.com Location: Edinburgh, UK Paybis is the source of this content. Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and accounts and value balances are not subject to consumer protections. This press release is for informational purposes only. The information does not constitute investment advice or an offer to invest. Related Links Bitcoin PR Buzz Paybis This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com.   SOURCE Paybis CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mountain Province Diamonds Announces Results of Annual General & Special Meeting of Shareholders Next PostNext Cloud Nine Education Group Announces Granting of Stock Options Search Recent Posts IMF Fiscal Monitor, April 2017 NZ dollar gains vs euro after ECB sticks with policy Infratil sells 19% Metlifecare stake for $237.9 million Reserve Bank updates its assessment of money laundering Changing People, Places, And Things In Addiction Treatment And Recovery Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Hot Topics: Help for Crash Victims Hot Housing Market Loveland Heroes Less Painful Shots Boys Lacrosse Have Fun in NoCo RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 4-5, 2017 Posted:   04/05/2017 07:36:11 PM MDT Tuesday Arrests • 2:48 p.m. In the 1600 block of Fall River Drive, a 32-year-old Fort Collins woman on a misdemeanor warrant alleging failure to appear in court on drug charges. • 6:21 p.m. In the 600 block of West 11th Street, a 40-year-old Loveland woman on a felony warrant alleging parole violation and a misdemeanor warrant alleging failure to appear in court. • 7:24 p.m. In the 2100 block of South Custer Avenue, a 31-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor harassment. • 9:14 p.m. In the 1300 block of Sculptor Drive, a 26-year-old Greeley man on suspicion of misdemeanor theft and misdemeanor warrants alleging shoplifting, failure to appear in court no traffic charges and violation of bail bond conditions. • 11:23 p.m. At the intersection of McKinley Avenue and West Sixth Street, a 45-year-old Loveland woman on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol, misdemeanor driving with a restricted license and driving a vehicle with no license plate light. Wednesday Arrests • 10:22 a.m. At the Loveland Police and Courts Building, 810 E. 10th St., a 23-year-old Boulder man turned himself in on an unknown misdemeanor warrant. • 11:05 a.m. In the 1600 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard, a 29-year-old Toms River, N.J., man on suspicion of misdemeanor violation of a restraining order for possessing a firearm. Advertisement • 1:59 p.m. At Wal-Mart, 1325 N. Denver Ave., a 49-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol and having an open alcohol container in a vehicle. • 2:43 p.m. In the 200 block of North Namaqua Drive, a 30-year-old Loveland man on a felony warrant alleging parole violation. Other Notable Calls Tuesday • 2 p.m. Shoplifting at Old Navy, 1629 Fall River Drive. • 2 p.m. A motor vehicle accident with unknown injuries in the 7500 block of Crossroads Boulveard. • 3 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of East Eisenhower Boulevard and Centerra Parkway. • 4 p.m. Drugs at the Loveland Police and Courts Building, 810 E. 10th St. • 5 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of South Taft Avenue and 14th Street Southwest. • 5 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident in the 1300 block of North Madison Avenue. • 5 p.m. Trespass in the 900 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 6 p.m. Warrant attempt in the 600 block of West 11th Street. • 6 p.m. Theft at Wal-Mart, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 6 p.m. Physical disturbance in the 2100 block of South Custer Avenue. • 7 p.m. Criminal mischief in the 200 block of East 29th Street. • 8 p.m. Warrant in the 1300 block of Sculptor Drive. • 11 p.m. DUI at the intersection of West Sixth Street and McKinley Avenue. Wednesday • 7 a.m. Hit-and-run in the 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 8 a.m. Forgery in the 100 block of West 65th Street. • 9 a.m. Warrant arrest at the Loveland police and Courts Building. • 10 a.m. Trespass in the 3800 block of Lake Shore Drive. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES ICE raids in Colorado, Wyoming nets arrest in Frederick Carjacking, crash suspect Adam Fulford makes first appearance in court Commissioners vote to defend lawsuit against county employees   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 54° F Clear Hi: 74° F Lo: 61° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 3 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Latest Headlines Funding concern factored in public radio firing Updated: 3 mins ago NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — University officials who fired a Chattanooga public radio reporter for not identifying herself in sessions with Tenn… AP Top U.S. News at 2:49 a.m. EDT Updated: 3 mins ago The Latest: Tillerson says Russia has ‘failed’ in Syria AP Top News at 2:39 a.m. EDT Updated: 13 mins ago AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from Latin America, Caribbean 12:11 am Suspect in Suffolk shooting caught by Marshals in New York April 6, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 54° F Clear Feels Like: 54° F Wind: WSW 13 Humidity: 43% Dewpoint: 32° F Sunrise: 6:43 AM Sunset: 7:32 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Unlikely Chesapeake duo finds friendship, qualifies for Boston Marathon April 6, 2017 Ashton McCormick is autistic, and Michael Davis is legally blind. The two will run the Boston Marathon together. Jets sign tight end Brian Parker April 6, 2017 FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) — The New York Jets have signed free agent tight end Brian Parker. Parker was claimed off waivers by the Jets from K… Arizona Cardinals player arrested after nightclub dispute April 6, 2017 Auburn promotes Steven Pearl to assistant coach Updated: 7 mins ago Syracuse hires former hoops star Allen Griffin as assistant April 6, 2017 HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Counting Kindness – A Little Hero from Franklin April 5, 2017 A wrong turn and an attentive 6-year-old led to a life-saving mission in Franklin. In The Kitchen: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Redskin Potatoes April 5, 2017 Easter brunch at Paradise Ocean Club. Audience: 757 Prom Dress Giveaway April 5, 2017 Spring Break Tips April 5, 2017 Summer Camps and Programs April 5, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 54° F Clear Hi: 74° F Lo: 61° F Authorities: Man tries to use expired, stolen credit card at store By Matthew Twist Published: April 5, 2017, 9:40 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office) YORK COUNTY, Va. (WAVY) — The York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office is asking for help to identify a man who tried to use an expired credit card. Around 3:05 a.m. on March 29, the suspect attempted to use an expired credit card that was stolen from Newport News to purchase gift cards worth $1,200 from the Tabb Walmart. Authorities say he was seen getting into the front passenger seat of a silver sedan, possibly a Mercedes. If you have any information, call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Authorities need help to identify man who used stolen credit card Authorities: Suspects make fraudulent purchases at Tabb Walmart Authorities: Man who used stolen credit card number at York Wal-Mart Authorities looking to identify woman who used stolen credit card Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Economy In a first since 2012, Centre allows duty-free sugar imports In a first since 2012, Centre allows duty-free sugar imports The government on Wednesday allowed duty-free imports of raw sugar up to 5 lakh tonnes to keep domestic supplies steady amid a drop in production. By: FE Bureau | New Delhi | Published: April 6, 2017 6:24 AM This is the first time since 2012 that imports of sugar under the open general licence (OGL) will take place at zero duty, albeit in limited quantity.(Source: Reuters) The government on Wednesday allowed duty-free imports of raw sugar up to 5 lakh tonnes to keep domestic supplies steady amid a drop in production. However, such imports will be allowed only until June 12 under a tariff rate quota, according to a notification in Parliament. This is the first time since 2012 that imports of sugar under the open general licence (OGL) will take place at zero duty, albeit in limited quantity. Imports of raw sugar beyond the stipulated quantity and the deadline will, however, attract the 40% duty that has been imposed since April 2015. The Directorate General of Foreign Trade is expected to soon notify the modalities of such imports. The decision comes barely three weeks after Uttar Pradesh assembly poll results, which has been the traditional epicentre of massive cane arrears due to the state government’s arbitrary fixation of cane prices. Imports of raw sugar at zero duty will allow a mill or a refiner to sell the sweetener in the domestic market at roughly `3-4 per kg lower (after refining it) than the current ex-mill price of white sugar. At Tuesday’s international raw sugar price, the cost of refined sugar in India out of imported raw will work out to around `31-32 per kg, if the sweetener is allowed at zero duty. The food processing ministry has been pitching for allowing more items to be sold, along with food products, to make it more attractive for investors. It also wanted a portion of the proposed investments to be committed for creating farm infrastructure to benefit farmers. However, it wasn’t accepted when the department of industrial policy and promotion had notified the decision last year, as the government wanted to keep the regulations “simple”. It also wanted to take one step at a time, ostensibly keeping in mind the interests of both domestic and foreign retailers, and the BJP’s traditional opposition to further opening up of the retail sector. Also Watch: Recently, e-commerce players Amazon, Big Basket and Grofers applied for approval for retailing locally-produced food products, promising a combined investment of $695 million. Although a final approval from the government is expected soon, the food processing ministry — the administrative ministry in this case — has endorsed the proposals, setting the stage for the first lot of investments to flow in since the government tweaked FDI rules for the sector last year. A section of the government feels while the proposed investments by the e-commerce players in augur well for the sector (although Amazon has proposed to set up its own brick-and-mortar stores as well, apart from investing in e-commerce), for massive investments to flow in at a steady pace and change the retail landscape of the country the entry of big players like Walmart and Auchan are essential. Amazon has proposed to invest $515 million, while Big Basket and Grofers want to invest $155 million and $25 million, respectively. The decision to allow 100% FDI in marketing of locally produced food items was important as food and farm items worth Rs 92,651 crore go waste annually in India due to a low levels of processing and inadequate infrastructure for scientific storage. India is the world’s largest producer of milk and the second largest grower of rice, wheat, fruit and vegetables, but the processing level of such items currently stands at just 10%. The Narendra Modi government has already announced two big rounds of relaxations in the FDI regime, first in November 2015 and then in June last year, easing rules in over a dozen sectors ranging from real estate, pharmaceuticals, food marketing, aviation and defence to e-commerce and banking. Total inflows of FDI (in equity) into India rose 29% in 2015-16 from a year before to $40 billion. Between April and December 2016-17, FDI inflows rose to $46.40 billion, up 1% from a year earlier. No Comments. Trending Now Air India cancels Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad booking yet again Apple's Clips app now available on app store for free Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu supports strong message sent by US President Donald Trump on Syria missile strike Odisha Chit Fund scam: Artha Tatwa chief Pradeep Sethy pleads guilty; gets 7-year jail Ravindra Gaikwad poses threat to flight safety: Air India cabin staff After Mulayam Singh Yadav, Akhilesh Yadav holds party feud reason behind defeat Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Act: From Cairn India to Fortis Healthcare, HR heads call it a catalyst for gender balance Syrian opposition SNC welcomes US strike on airbase 'Mukhya Mantri Yojna' to replace 'Samajwadi' in all government schemes, orders Yogi Adityanath government, Sidharth Nath Singh tweets Chhattisgrah: BSF sets up new posts to thwart Naxal bid to disrupt road work World sees record investments in renewables, says report Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News अलवर मामला: सुप्रीम कोर्ट ने राजस्थान सरकार से मांगा जवाब, दिया तीन हफ्ते का वक्त जम्मू-कश्मीर के बटालिक सेक्टर में एवलांच में फंसे सैनिक, तीन जवानों की मौत रासायनिक हमले के खिलाफ सीरिया पर 60 मिसाइलें दागने के बाद अमेरिका ने कहा- रूस को हमले से पहले ही बता दिया था Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Elizabeth Smart's Father Says Teen Who Vanished With Teacher May Be Brainwashed Inside Edition April 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The father of Elizabeth Smart says that schoolteacher Tad Cummins may have 15-year-old Beth Thomas under his spell. Read: Footage Thought to Show Missing Teen and Teacher at Nebraska McDonald's Is Not Them: Authorities Ed Smart, whose daughter was snatched from her Utah bedroom in 2002 at age 14 in one of America's most notorious kidnapping cases, told Inside Edition that Cummins is manipulating his former pupil, and is "trying to get her into thinking he's doing her this great favor." Elizabeth Smart was held captive by Brian David Mitchell and his wife, Wanda Barzee, for nine months. Their brainwashing was so effective that she never attempted to escape. She wore a veil on the streets of Salt Lake City with her captors and even attended parties with them. "She was threatened that her family might be killed if she didn’t comply with what their requests were,” Ed Smart said. He has been closely following Thomas' case. He feels certain that Cummins, 50, is using similar tactics as Mitchell to keep the teen under his control. “They will try to manipulate in any way possible, to get their compliance or 'be their friend,' be in love with them somehow," he said. Beth's father, Anthony Thomas, told the Today show Monday that Cummins began to brainwash his daughter after they were caught kissing in his office. Read: Teacher, Missing Student Spotted in Out-of-State Walmart Days After Disappearing "Tad had been telling her because of the kissing incident, she would never be able to attend college — never be accepted in college and wouldn't be able to pursue a career after that," he said. "He was owning her mind, convincing her."  He said Beth came to believe that her only option was to run away with her teacher. Ed Smart told Inside Edition that once Beth is found and returned to her family, the spell will be broken just like it was with his daughter. “She understood that we unconditionally loved her," he said. "We knew that she had been through hell. Her ordeal was over with." Watch: Student Claims She Saw Teacher Kiss Girl, 15, Before Alleged Kidnapping Related Articles: Man Gets Cited For Eating Pancakes in the Middle of a Busy Road Firehouse Welcomes 6 Babies in 7 Months Woman Shares Photo of Teeth She Says She Found in Taco Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community U.S. launches military strikes on Syria 5458 reactions5%70%25% Student scuffles with policemen during protests in India and more: April 5 in photos 22 reactions0%79%21% Photos Emerge of Mel B on Yacht With the Nanny Accused of Having Affair With Her Husband 446 reactions4%78%18% 11-Year-Old Boy Kills Himself After Alleged Social Media Prank - and Another Child Is Charged 1328 reactions3%60%37% Inside the North Korean military: A look at the rogue nation's armed services 263 reactions3%74%23% President Trump's evolution on foreign policy, from campaign to Syria strike 1 reactions Catch this recent episode of ABC Nightline Syria decries 'aggression' as US launches cruise missiles 571 reactions3%67%30% The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided 3557 reactions4%69%27% Misogyny 'played role' in election loss: Clinton 1484 reactions4%61%35% Ambassador Nikki Haley shows pictures of Syrian victims of chemical attacks at U.N. and more: April 5 in photos 575 reactions2%68%30% US launches military strike on Syria after alleged chemical attack Catch this recent episode of ABC World News Tonight With David Muir Swimwear Designer Who Criticized Amy Schumer Claims She Wasn’t ‘Fat-Shaming’ the Comedian 8598 reactions7%56%37% Pierce Brosnan On Life After Losing Wife and Daughter to Ovarian Cancer: ‘I Don’t Look at the Cup as Half Full’ 62 reactions15%60%25% Girl found living with monkeys in Indian forest 1187 reactions6%77%17% Misogyny 'played role' in election loss: Clinton HoosierVeritas: I think it is mostly that she a disgusting, tired , bitter, crooked old hag. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.5k
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: US jobs exceed estimates Thursday, 6 April 2017, 9:33 am Article: BusinessDesk Thursday 06 April 2017 06:31 AM While you were sleeping: US jobs exceed estimates By Margreet Dietz April 6 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street climbed, pushing the Nasdaq to a record high, as better-than-expected US jobs data bolstered optimism about the outlook for the US economy and corporate profits. An ADP Research Institute report showed US companies added 263,000 workers in March, far exceeding economists' expectations for 185,000. “Job growth is off to a strong start in 2017,” Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania, said in a statement, Bloomberg reported. Moody’s produces the figures with ADP. “The gains are broad based but most notable in the goods-producing side of the economy including construction, manufacturing and mining,” according to Zandi. The government's nonfarm payrolls report, slated for release on Friday, is expected to show US employers added 175,000 jobs in March. Meanwhile Federal Reserve policy makers might begin easing the central bank’s balance sheet this year, according to minutes of the Federal Open Market Committee’s March 14-15 meeting released on Wednesday. “Most participants anticipated that gradual increases in the federal funds rate would continue and judged that a change to the committee’s reinvestment policy would likely be appropriate later this year,” the minutes showed. “Many participants emphasised that reducing the size of the balance sheet should be conducted in a passive and predictable manner,” according to the minutes. Wall Street rallied. In 1.55pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 0.8 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.6 percent. In 1.40pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index rose 0.7 percent. The better-than-expected jobs data underpinned other recent signs of optimism for the US economy. "The GDP number was recently revised upward, jobs continue to look good, inflation is moving in the right direction," Myles Clouston, senior director at Nasdaq Advisory Services in New York, told Reuters. The ADP report “was just another piece of the puzzle that gives the market some confidence that we are still on track.” Gains in shares of DuPont and those of Caterpillar, up 2 percent and 1.9 percent respectively, led the Dow higher. The only declining stocks in the Dow, as of early afternoon, were Cisco and Wal-Mart, down 0.3 percent and 0.1 percent respectively. Panera Bread shares jumped, trading 13.8 percent higher at US$311.88 as of 12.57pm in New York. JAB Holdings, which owns a slew of coffee brands including Peet’s Coffee and Keurig Green Mountain, agreed to buy the bakery chain in a deal valued at about US$7.5 billion, including the assumption of about US$340 million of net debt. JAB, which also owns Krispy Kreme Donuts, will pay US$315 per share in cash, the companies said in a joint statement. The deal is expected to close in the third quarter of this year. "We view the acquisition as strategically compelling for JAB," Wedbush Securities analyst Nick Setyan said in a note, Reuters reported. “We view the acquisition price as high enough to preclude a competing financial suitor.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index eked out a gain of less than 0.1 percent advance from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index gained 0.1 percent. Meanwhile, France’s CAC40 Index slid 0.2 percent, while Germany’s DAX Index fell 0.5 percent. European bonds slid after Bundesbank President and European Central Bank Governing Council member Jens Weidmann told Die Zeit the time was approaching for the ECB to ease monetary stimulus and that he would welcome a lower pace of ECB bond purchases in a year from now. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Edgecumbe Inundated In Floods: Council Focuses On Rangitaiki River Stop Bank Damage 7/4 Most Eastern Bay rivers have returned to below warning levels and the Rangitāiki is receding, but floodwaters continue to come through the breach on College Road in Edgecumbe. More>> ALSO: Science Media Centre - Wild weather lashes NZ Wellington.Scoop - Risk is over: evacuated Whanganui families returning home as river levels fall Bay of Plenty Regional Council - No Wake Zone for Okawa Bay - Flood work continues through the night Waikato District Council - Many roads will remain closed over weekend Whakatane District Council - Eastern Bay Flood response update and Mayoral Fund Waikato Regional Council - Piako River pressures see some flood stopbanks overflowing - River levels still high; work to clear roads continues Horizons Regional Council - Region’s focus turns to recovery and evaluation - Daylight brings relief to Region Ruapehu District Council - Improving Situation Sees Council De-Activate EOC - Ruapehu Gets Off Lightly So Far Thames Coromandel District Council - Roading Update #11 Midday 7 April - Image: Severe weather warning in place for the Coromandel Peninsula Auckland Council - Homes affected by rainfall assessed Ministry of Education - Flooding keeps schools and early learning centres closed Hawke's Bay DHB - No swimming or collecting of shellfish in Ahuriri Estuary Horowhenua District Council - Residents urged to conserve water Palmerston North City Council - Pahiatua Track closed due to slip NZ Transport Agency - Severe weather – Waikato and Bay of Plenty update - Kaikoura road remains closed, drivers take care Insurance Council of NZ - Risk reduction insurance advisory: North Island heavy rain MetService - The end of the rain is in sight - Warnings and Watches Galore - Monday 3 April 2017 AA Insurance - Insurance claims ramping due to remnants of Cyclone Debbie NZ Defence Force - NZDF Sends More Troops to Edgecumbe - NZDF Steps up Assistance to Flood-Stricken Whanganui NZ Police - Man seen in trouble in Waikato River Marlborough District Council - Don’t take shellfish or swim at Picton Foreshore Westpac - Financial support available for flood-affected customers - Financial support available for Westpac NZ customers Greater Wellington Regional Council - 1 in 20 year rainfall for south Wellington Crown Accounts: Surplus Smashes Forecast The operating balance before gains and losses (OBEGAL) was a surplus of $1,410 million, compared to a forecast surplus of $498 million. This favourable variance of $912 million was largely due to higher than forecast core Crown tax revenue and lower than forecast core Crown expenses. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZ company profits continue to bolster tax take NZ Govt - $1.4b surplus in Crown Accounts to February Safe Fishing Plan: The Cost Of Saving Māui Dolphins A new report estimates that transitioning to dolphin-safe fishing in the habitat of New Zealand’s critically endangered Māui dolphin could be done for as little as $26 million dollars ... More>> ALSO: World Wildlife Fund - Nathan Guy out of step with public opinion on dolphins - Death of Hector's Dolphins Greens - Greens will protect Māui dolphins Moana Fisheries - Moana backs call for safe fishing in Maui Dolphin habitat Ministry For Primary Industries - Investigation into Hector’s dolphin deaths SPREP - 11 SPREP Members sign on to Pacific Whale Declaration Myrtle Rust: Serious Fungal Plant Disease Reaches Kermadecs The Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) and the Department of Conservation (DOC) are working together to address a confirmed find of the fungal plant disease myrtle rust on Kermadec pohutukawa trees on Raoul Island. More>> ALSO: Science Media Centre - Myrtle Rust on Raoul Island - Expert Reaction Forest And Bird - Native forests threatened by myrtle rust Biological Heritage National Science Challenge - Māori scientists lead effort to combat plant pathogen - Biological Heritage Science Challenge funding results Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH NZ Post, Super Fund, ACC to pour $247 million into Kiwibank 6:36 PM | BusinessDesk Dairy Quarterly: Butter Spreads, but Protein Desn't Lift 5:17 PM | Rabobank Financial Services Council Appoints New Staff 4:57 PM | Financial Services Council NZ Post, NZ Super & ACC to provide $247 million of capital 4:19 PM | Kiwibank Banking sector still vulnerable to money laundering 3:42 PM | BusinessDesk Eden Park to partner with Mr Vintage 3:20 PM | Eden Park Wet, wild weather pushes up dairy future prices 3:18 PM | BusinessDesk More   RSS Wild weather lashes NZ 4:30 PM | Science Media Centre New research examines little known Hauraki seismic zone 3:08 PM | Earthquake Commission Tropical Torrent by the numbers 12:53 PM | NIWA First Launch Attempt for 2017 NASA Super Pressure Balloon 12:41 PM | NASA Celebrating women in science 11:16 AM | Association for Women in the Sciences Proving the benefits of music therapy 10:14 AM | Victoria University of Wellington The end of the rain is in sight 06/04/17 | MetService More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Agile Spark responds to 2degrees with unlimited mo... 1:07 AM | Bill Bennett Rural broadband extension bids: Your guide to the ... 6:54 AM | Bill Bennett 2degrees offers trial unmetered mobile phone data 04 Apr | Bill Bennett Samsung after the fire: big screen Galaxy S8 phone... 29 Mar | Bill Bennett PressPatron: Now you can support my site 20 Mar | Bill Bennett Net neutrality in New Zealand 2:04 AM | Bill Bennett Commerce Commission pushes for congestion-free cop... 15 Mar | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher The Nation 8/4/17: Maori and Mana; startups; abort... 5:40 PM | admin Progress Christchurch Southern Motorway Stage 2 5:36 PM | admin Fact Sheet: Flood Management at Matahina Dam 5:27 PM | admin Dairy Quarterly: Butter Spreads, but Protein Desn’... 5:17 PM | admin Financial Services Council Appoints New Staff 4:57 PM | admin Eastern Bay Flood response update and Mayoral Fund 4:48 PM | admin Many roads will remain closed over weekend 4:46 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     View: DESKTOP | MOBILE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use © Scoop Media  
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Kansas Birding Festival at Great Bend Friday Apr 7, 2017 at 12:25 AM Steve Gilliland Bird watching has never much appealed to me. Don’t get me wrong, I love birds as much as the next outdoorsman, especially hawks and owls. I would be content to spend the rest of my life in the woods at dusk listening to the soft, soothing hoots of great horned owls and the soulful, staccato cries of barred owls pierce the darkness. I could watch forever the effortless soaring of a hawk high overhead as it searches the ground for a snack with eyes like spotting scopes. I can spend hours fantasizing that I’m riding along on the immense outstretched wings of a vulture as it glides high on the Kansas winds. But bird watching per say doesn’t sound like my bag. For those of you who know me, picture this; me clad in some natty outfit complete with stylish headgear, a bird book and note pad under my arm, a pair of high-dollar binoculars around my neck and a couple-thousand dollar camera on a tripod in front of me. First of all, I’d have one of my “bull-in-a-china-closet” moments and knock over the tripod, dumping the couple-thousand dollar camera into the dirt, then the stylish headgear would blow away as I bent over to rescue the camera, banging the high-dollar binoculars into the ground in the process, and then……well you get the picture. Bird watching for me would better consist of crawling into a tumble-down old barn to observe a mother turkey vulture on her nest (which both Joyce and I have done.)   All joking aside, now that I have managed to completely tick-off every legitimate bird watcher in the state, real authentic bird watchers have my utmost respect. I know they dress nothing like I described, and most can probably tell a warbler from a waxwing with a mere glance. Well Kansas bird watchers, listen up! The 2017 Wings and Wetlands Birding Festival will be April 28 -29 at Great Bend, KS, headquartered at the Best Western Angus Inn Courtyard there in Great Bend. Just outside Great Bend are two of the best birding spots in the Central Flyway; Cheyenne Bottoms Wildlife Area and Quivira National Wildlife Refuge. Cheyenne Bottoms and Quivira are both wetlands of international importance that provide a stopover resting spot for thousands of birds on their north and south migration routes. The festival dates coincide with the peak of the annual shorebird migration, and approximately 180 species of birds have been documented during most previous festivals. Curtis Wolf, site manager of the Kansas Wetlands Education Center (KWEC) says “The main focus of the festival is getting participants out on field trips with experienced guides to find as many bird species as we can. We are excited to be able to bring a diverse crowd of birders into the area to experience our wetlands and our communities.” Besides the wetlands birding trips, participants in this year’s 2 day festival can attend a shorebird identification workshop, a presentation by renowned birder and photographer Bob Gress, attend night birding and prairie chicken lek tours, and see other area attractions along the Wetlands and the Wildlife National Scenic Byway. If you’d like more information on this event contact the KWEC at 1 -877-243-9268. Maybe I should give proper bird watching a chance; I might find I was good at it and even liked it. I’m afraid though that the rest of the group might take exception to my dressing in full camo with my 46 dollar Fuji camera from Walmart mounted on a garage sale tripod, all the while carrying my 12 gauge strapped on my back in case the errant snow goose flew overhead and gave me a chance to shoot it down to take home for the freezer; especially when I began carelessly knocking over everyone else’s tripods and cameras. Continue to Explore Kansas Outdoors! Steve can be contacted by email at stevenrgilliland@gmail.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services E-Edition Contact Us Todays Advertisers Advertise With Us Community Info Mueller-Schmidt House Museum Carnegie Center for the Arts USD 443 Visitor Links Boot Hill Dodge City Convention and Visitor's Bureau Trail of Fame KS Heritage Center Sister Publications Kiowa County Signal The Pratt Tribune The St John News Wellington Daily News Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Dodge City Daily Globe - Dodge City, KS ~ 705 Second Avenue, Dodge City, KS 67801 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Police & Fire Shareable State News Election 2016 Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Amazon acquires right to buy stake in fuel cell maker Plug Power By Jeffrey Dastin ReutersApril 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Employees of Amazon India are seen behind a glass bearing the company's logo inside its office in Bengaluru, India, August 14, 2015. REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa/File PhotoMore By Jeffrey Dastin (Reuters) - Hydrogen fuel cell maker Plug Power Inc said on Wednesday Amazon.com Inc had acquired the right to buy up to 23 percent of the company and that it would supply batteries to power forklifts used by the online retailer in its warehouses. Plug Power's shares closed 73 percent higher at $2.25 in heavy trading. Amazon shares rose as much as 1.9 percent to a record high of $923.72 before ending 0.3 percent higher at $909.28. Latham, New York-based Plug Power was valued at $319 million as of Tuesday's market close. Amazon must spend at least $600 million over the life of its contract with Plug Power for its warrants to fully vest. Amazon, the world's largest online retailer, will equip forklifts at 11 warehouses this year with hydrogen fuel cells so they can lift more goods before running out of juice, as well as charge faster, Plug Power's Chief Executive Andy Marsh said in an interview. Amazon will spend $70 million on the deal in 2017 and likely twice that next year, he said. "Fulfilment centres are traditionally fairly low tech," said Marsh, explaining that labour as well as physical space could be freed up by moving away from batteries requiring lots of attention. Amazon's deal with Plug Power could rekindle interest in makers of fuel cell companies, including Ballard Power Systems Inc and Hydrogenics Corp , whose shares were up about 6 percent. Fuel cell makers had become Wall Street darlings in 2014 as their technology was expected to be widely adopted in electric vehicles and forklifts. However, the sector has lost favour with investors as the technology failed to gain traction. Plug Power itself has lost more than two-thirds of its market value since the first quarter of 2014, when it was valued at more than $1 billion. Raymond James analyst Pavel Molchanov described the deal as one of the occasional bright spots that highlighted the potential for growth in the fuel cell industry. Plug Power's narrow focus of powering forklifts with fuel cells, essentially makes the company the only player in the market, Molchanov said. While only a tiny fraction of forklifts globally are powered by hydrogen fuel, Wal-Mart Stores Inc already uses the company's technology in its warehouses and is a top customer, Plug Power's Marsh said. The retailer is locked in a fight with Amazon for share of U.S. shoppers' wallets. (Reporting By Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco, additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Randy Fabi) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community U.S. launches military strikes on Syria 5460 reactions5%70%25% Student scuffles with policemen during protests in India and more: April 5 in photos 22 reactions0%79%21% Photos Emerge of Mel B on Yacht With the Nanny Accused of Having Affair With Her Husband 446 reactions4%78%18% 11-Year-Old Boy Kills Himself After Alleged Social Media Prank - and Another Child Is Charged 1328 reactions3%60%37% Inside the North Korean military: A look at the rogue nation's armed services 263 reactions3%74%23% President Trump's evolution on foreign policy, from campaign to Syria strike 1 reactions Catch this recent episode of ABC Nightline Syria decries 'aggression' as US launches cruise missiles 571 reactions3%67%30% The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided 3557 reactions4%69%27% Misogyny 'played role' in election loss: Clinton 1484 reactions4%61%35% Ambassador Nikki Haley shows pictures of Syrian victims of chemical attacks at U.N. and more: April 5 in photos 575 reactions2%68%30% US launches military strike on Syria after alleged chemical attack Catch this recent episode of ABC World News Tonight With David Muir Swimwear Designer Who Criticized Amy Schumer Claims She Wasn’t ‘Fat-Shaming’ the Comedian 8598 reactions7%56%37% Pierce Brosnan On Life After Losing Wife and Daughter to Ovarian Cancer: ‘I Don’t Look at the Cup as Half Full’ 62 reactions15%60%25% Girl found living with monkeys in Indian forest 1187 reactions6%77%17% Misogyny 'played role' in election loss: Clinton HoosierVeritas: I think it is mostly that she a disgusting, tired , bitter, crooked old hag. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.5k
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team 48° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 51° F Lo: 36° F Forecast Radar WebCams 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines Smokies firefly viewing dates to be announced this month April 6, 2017 The Great Smoky Mountains National Park will announce later this month the dates for the firefly shuttle this season. Tennessee families call on federal government to stop using ‘dangerous’ guardrail system April 6, 2017 Families whose loved ones were killed in crashes in Tennessee linked to a specific type of guardrail system issued a statement Thursday nigh… The show must go on: Fans light country musician’s Knoxville concert during storm April 6, 2017 US missiles blast Syria; Trump demands ‘end the slaughter’ 12:54 am Roane County school board cancels high school consolidation plan April 6, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 48° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 45° F Wind: 7 Humidity: 57% Dewpoint: 34° F Sunrise: 7:14 AM Sunset: 8:01 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Work For Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 48° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 51° F Lo: 36° F Elizabeth Thomas’ father files petition to get witness testimony in Amber Alert case WKRN staff Published: April 6, 2017, 8:14 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Graphic: WKRN; Photos: TBI) Related Coverage Tad Cummins’ wife files for divorce amid ongoing AMBER Alert MAURY COUNTY, Tenn. (WKRN) – The father of Elizabeth Thomas filed a petition Thursday asking a judge to allow him to question potential witnesses as the hunt for his daughter and Tad Cummins continues. Anthony Thomas filed a petition for perpetuation of testimony, a procedure that—if granted—would allow the depositions of witnesses be taken in order to preserve their testimony ahead of a possible trial. The document says Thomas believes at least two witnesses, both kids who attend Elizabeth’s school, have information that could help lead authorities to finding Elizabeth. He says one of the witnesses has stopped speaking the family and their family, and the other might have more information than they’ve let on. Related: Tad Cummins’ wife files for divorce amid ongoing AMBER Alert Thomas wants to be able to question those friends in the hopes of proving his daughter is being falsely imprisoned and was coerced, groomed, and intimidated by Cummins. The father goes on to explain the information he’s been told regarding his daughter’s relationship with Cummins over the past several months, both in and outside of school, shedding light on new details not previously known. According to the petition, Thomas was informed of the following: Cummins allegedly had picked up his 15-year-old daughter to go out for a meal, allegedly threatening her that if she didn’t go there would be repercussions at school. Elizabeth reportedly told siblings and other friends that she was scared of Cummins and felt “in over her head” in regards to their relationship. Cummins allegedly frequented where Elizabeth worked and, at times, Elizabeth hid from him and asked other employees to lie about he being there because she didn’t want to see or speak with him. Cummins allegedly told Thomas that his future career was ruined because the kissing incident at school, leading to her feel guilty, and the best option was for them to leave. Her father writes in petition that he believes Cummins played on his daughter’s guilt, causing her to feel compelled to leave with him. Thomas said he was told his daughter was often left alone with Cummins at school for non-academic reasons in the months before they vanished with another student reportedly seeing the 15-year-old sleeping in his classroom alone. At least one witness reported Elizabeth was given a special seat near Cummins, saying he would give her money and gifts, and other students saw physical contact between the two, including Cummins rubbing her back and shoulders while at school. Cummins allegedly admitted to other people that he saw himself as a “father figure” and told other people Elizabeth came from an abusive home. Her father states in the petition her mother was forbidden to have contact with her in 2015 due to the mother’s abuse, and he believes Cummins used this “unfortunate fact and pounced upon the vulnerability of the child.” Thomas also says he has received information there was a reputation or concern that existed for month’s at the school that Cummins and Elizabeth’s relationship was “unusually close,” establishing red flags. Click here to read the full petition. Elizabeth and 50-year-old Cummins disappeared from Columbia on Monday, March 13. The pair has only been spotted once on surveillance video at an Oklahoma Walmart two days later. Elizabeth is a 15-year-old white female with hazel eyes who stands 5 feet tall and weighs 120 pounds. She was last seen wearing a flannel shirt and black leggings. Cummins is a white male, who stands 6 feet tall, weighs approximately 200 pounds, and has brown hair and eyes. He’s believed to be armed with two handguns. It remains unknown if they were still traveling in Cummins’ silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee tag 976-ZPT. Anyone with information on their whereabouts is urged to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Elizabeth Smart’s father speaks on similarities with Tennessee AMBER Alert School documents show relationship between missing teen, teacher Family attorney: Elizabeth Thomas warned to call police if she wasn’t home Attorney: Family says Elizabeth Thomas once hid from Cummins Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy Work For Us FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Bear Briefs Campus Region State National International West ARTS Art Sing 2017 Events Fashion Film and Television Food Puzzle Solutions Literature Music Opinion Editorials Points of View Blogs D.C. Blogs Blog Archives Lariat Letters Sports Football Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Baseball and Softball Soccer and Volleyball Acrobatics & Tumbling and Equestrian Cross Country and Track & Field Tennis Golf Pro Sports Sports Takes Lariat TV News Multimedia Podcasts Bears Speak Don’t Feed the Bears Frankly My Dear Public Square Slideshows Special Issues Inauguration 2017 Donald Trump: Now What? In the Spotlight Russell Athletic Bowl Humans of Waco Advertise Search 56.8 F Waco, TX Friday, April 7, 2017 About us Staff Copyright Advertise Contact Contact Information Letters to the Editor Subscribe Employment PDF Archives The Baylor Lariat News Bear Briefs Campus Region State National International West ARTS Art Sing 2017 Events Fashion Film and Television Food Puzzle Solutions Literature Music Opinion Editorials Points of View Blogs D.C. Blogs Blog Archives Lariat Letters Sports Football Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Baseball and Softball Soccer and Volleyball Acrobatics & Tumbling and Equestrian Cross Country and Track & Field Tennis Golf Pro Sports Sports Takes Lariat TV News Multimedia Podcasts Bears Speak Don’t Feed the Bears Frankly My Dear Public Square Slideshows Special Issues Inauguration 2017 Donald Trump: Now What? In the Spotlight Russell Athletic Bowl Humans of Waco Advertise Home News Food drive to get head start on tackling hunger News Region Food drive to get head start on tackling hunger By Joy Moton - April 6, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Photo credit: Liesje Powers By Joy Moton | Staff Writer The McLennan County Hunger Coalition will host the seventh annual “Spring Onto Summer” Food Drive on from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday to build food supplies of Waco food pantries in order to serve the expected large number of people needing food assistance this summer. Waco is one of the largest food deserts in the country year-round, but the issue of child hunger worsens in the summer when many children are home from school and cannot receive free meals provided in schools. During the school year, students are eligible to receive free or reduced price meals. Bob Gager from The Shepherd’s Heart food pantry said summer meal programs are not well attended so many children have to be fed at home. “In Waco ISD, we run about 95 percent of children free and reduced lunches,” Gager said. “Our summer feeding numbers dropped to about 10 percent of those kids getting food. What happens is while the kids are out of school and on summer vacations, entire families go on vacation so donations go down significantly in the summer.” The food drive is designed to address the anticipated increase in hunger issues in Waco. “Spring Onto Summer Drive is helping us to stock up a little bit and be prepared for lots of utilization of the food pantries as school ends and we go into the summer months,” said Buddy Edwards of Caritas. For the drive, volunteers will hand out lists of needed food items and encourage shoppers to purchase such items while in the store. The list of needed food items include canned meats, canned vegetables, cereals, baby food, peanut butter, macaroni & cheese, dry beans, rice, corn meal and pasta/sauces. Monetary donations will also be accepted. Food that is collected will be donated to Shepherd’s Heart Food Pantries in Waco, Salvation Army and Caritas of Waco. Wal-Mart, Sam’s Club, Brookshire Brothers and KXXV-TV–Channel 25 are serving as corporate sponsors for the drive. Individuals are encouraged to donate food to one of the following locations between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. · Wal-Mart, 1521 N IH-35, Bellmead · Wal-Mart, 600 S. Hewitt Dr., Hewitt · Wal-Mart, 4320 Franklin, Waco · Wal-Mart 733 Sun Valley Blvd, Hewitt · Sam’s Club, 2301 E. Waco Drive, Bellmead · Brookshire’s Food Stores, 100 Peplow St., Robinson “We give to help one another and what we have done with our agencies is put a vehicle together that allows us to collect people who give so that we can give to people in need,” Gager said. For information about how to donate to the food drive, go to www.shepherdsheartpantry.org, contact Bob Gager at 254-722-9517 or shepherds.heart@yahoo.com or Buddy Edwards at 254-722-7698 or bedwards@caritas-waco.org. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Joy Moton RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR It’s On Us holds discussion on spirituality, intimacy Waco to open new Academy for Deaf Baylor participates in ‘Rinse, Recycle, Repeat’ Follow us on Twitter Tweets by @bulariat Follow us on Instagram @baylorlariat 1,970 Followers Follow EDITOR PICKS It’s On Us holds discussion on spirituality, intimacy Campus April 6, 2017 Reinstate the FAFSA shortcut Editorials April 6, 2017 Baylor participates in ‘Rinse, Recycle, Repeat’ Campus April 6, 2017 POPULAR POSTS Don’t Feed the Bears — Depth Chart Reveal Don't Feed the Bears May 8, 2015 Buzzfeed quizzes go viral, connect people online Arts and Life February 25, 2014 Don’t Feed the Bear – Basketball winding down Don't Feed the Bears March 4, 2015 POPULAR CATEGORY News4244 Campus2931 Sports2228 Opinion1489 Arts and Life1369 National948 Points of View936 Region863 Bear Briefs773 ABOUT USArticles, photos, and other works by staff of The Baylor Lariat are Copyright © Baylor® University. All rights reserved. FOLLOW US ©
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tracy Morgan gushes about his kids to random strangers By Lindsey Kupfer View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 6, 2017 | 1:03pm Modal Trigger Tracy Morgan FilmMagic More On: tracy morgan Tracy Morgan makes light of car accident in stand-up Tracy Morgan 'shopped' the runway for his wife Tracy Morgan had 'to forgive that driver' after accident Tracy Morgan and wife role-play as Rob and Chyna during sex Tracy Morgan is that chatty neighbor on airplanes. The 48-year-old funnyman was on a flight from New York City’s John F. Kennedy airport to Phoenix on Wednesday with his wife and daughter when he was overheard gushing about fatherhood to the man next to him in first class. “He was telling the man that he was 17 when he had his first kid and that when it’s your time, it’s your time, whether you’re ready or not,” a spy told us. “The man replied, ‘Oh, 17. Oh, wow.'” According to our spy, the man had no idea who he was talking to. Before boarding the plane, Morgan talked to everyone and took pictures with those who did recognize him. “He seems super friendly. He was telling everyone to have a safe flight, even though we were all on the same flight!” the spy added. Morgan, who reportedly received a $90 million settlement from Walmart after his terrifying car accident, has one daughter, Maven, with his wife, Megan Wollover and three sons from a previous marriage. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under airplanes ,  tracy morgan Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Darius Rucker puts on free concert at U. of South Carolina Read Next Darius Rucker puts on free concert at U. of South Carolina Most Popular This Week 1 Mama June debuts new body 2 Models ignore theater etiquette while seeing 'Hamilton' 3 Tom Brady insists on living on 12th floor of new luxury building 4 Donald Trump Jr. talks about running for governor of New York 5 Harry Macklowe laughs after offering wife $1B to go away 6 Sorry, Tom Hiddleston! Daniel Craig is back to play Bond Share Selection Now On Bronchitis forces Bon Jovi to postpone NYC shows DiCaprio not holding back with glitzy St-Tropez gala Off-stage drama between Gyllenhaal play and Rudin's '1984' Harry Macklowe's wife 'holds all the cards' in $2 billion divorce Anna Wintour donates signature sunglasses for charity Hillary and Huma head to Broadway opening Bethenny snubs 'Housewives' premiere party Lee Radziwill rushed to hospital after fainting in hotel lobby SI beauties leave Trump Models amid chatter that it's closing Trudeau has guests swooning at Women in the World Summit Director says 'Amélie' distracts from the 'crazy' world Cheers! Hot spot Omar's celebrates fourth anniversary Scarlett Johansson calls Ivanka Trump 'cowardly' Iggy Azalea and Nick Young breaking up with $3.5M estate Designer Nicole Miller wants to you ditch the gum Why Michael Caine voted for Brexit Verne Troyer heading to rehab for alcohol addiction Judge sets date for murder trial against Suge Knight Alec Baldwin gripes about poor editing and 'errors' in memoir Shonda Rhimes joins national Planned Parenthood board SEE ALL Sightings Helen Hunt at Ocean Prime. . . SEE ALL Video 0:51 Charlie Hunnam was shamed by Robert Pattinson's manly beard Trending Now 5,087 Harry Macklowe's wife 'holds all the cards' in $2 billion divorce 3,576 SI beauties leave Trump Models amid chatter that it's closing 3,564 Scarlett Johansson calls Ivanka Trump 'cowardly' 2,519 Don Rickles is dead at 90 2,464 Donald Trump Jr. talks about running for governor of New York Now On "I'll Bury You": Alec Baldwin's Underage Sex Scene Controversy Spills Onto Twitter SEE ALL More Stories nypost The shocking prank that mom says led son to hang himself Now On Decider Ann Coulter Breaks Her Silence On Jimmie Walker Romance Rumors pagesix Harry Macklowe's wife 'holds all the cards' in $2 billion divorce New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
Latest: Equity Bank wins Rescon humanitarian Resilience Impact Award Govt waives fees for title searches at land registries Establishment of Nairobi Metropolitan Area Transport Authority approved Garadget faces backlash after locking out irate user Ubuntu ends Unity software unification project Trending Live Channel 1 News County News International News Business International Business Local Business Sports Technology News Clips Top Stories News Business Sports Features Interviews TV Programs Good Morning Kenya Vioja Mahakamani Jee, Huu Ni Ungwana? Grapevine Kudzacha Brands Corporate About KBC Careers and Opportunities Tenders and Documents Events The Mast Contacts SIGNET About Signet Contacts County News  Equity Bank wins Rescon humanitarian Resilience Impact Award April 6, 2017 Christine Muchira bhang, cannabis sativa, Dadaab, Equity Bank, Kakuma, Marijuana By Christine Muchira/Release Equity Bank is a recipient of the Humanitarian Resilience Impact Award at this year’s RES/CON 2017 Global Resilience Summit held in March in New Orleans, United States. The Global Resilience Summit, also known as RES/CON, is the premier annual international conference on the practice of successful resilience and disaster management in an evolving global environment. The Resilience Impact Award recognizes businesses that have excelled in improving community welfare, innovation, advancing local and global economies and disaster management. Equity Bank was recognized for the work the Bank does in creating resilience through capacity building, improving livelihoods, innovations in cash transfers for recipients in remote and harsh terrain areas, work in refugee camps in Kenya and Rwanda including Kakuma and Dadaab camps and for its leadership role and Chair of the East Africa Humanitarian Private Sector Partnership Platform (EA HPPP) which supports systematic long-term private sector, UN, NGO, Government and community partnerships to address impact of natural disasters and resilience building, long-term emergencies due to conflict and complex urban and out-of camp displacement situations (hppp.online). While receiving the award, Equity Bank Director of Special Projects Allan Waititu noted that the Bank through its financial intermediation and social impact investments will continue to support its people in their social economic transformational journey. Waititu was also one of the speakers who took part in a panel discussion where he made a presentation at the Thought Leadership Forum on “The Role of Private Sector in Reducing Disaster Risks and Building Resilience through Equity Bank’s participation in Humanitarian/Resilience, Connecting Business Initiative (CBi) and, on the East Africa Humanitarian Private Sector Partnership Platform which is a local member network of the CBi. The 3-day summit took place from 7- 9 March at the New Orleans Ernest N. Morial Convention Center with support from The Rockefeller Foundation, Zurich North America, Shell Global, the Walton Family Foundation, AECOM, Walmart and several additional sponsors.RES/CON attracts disaster-management and resilience-building practitioners and experts from around the globe and across the public, private and NGO sectors. In an effort to extend financial services and aid to the most marginalized regions, Equity Bank has embarked on a range of special projects such as: The Hunger Safety Net Programme (HSNP) which is a cash transfer programme under the Kenya government’s National Safety Net Programme (NSNP) that is designed for the extremely poor in the counties of Turkana, Marsabit, Wajir and Mandera.  The programme provides regular and emergency cash transfers to households severely affected by drought. It is funded by the Government of Kenya, the UK Department for International Development (DFID) and Australian Aid. Equity Bank’s role is to disburse cash to vulnerable families in the most remote parts of the region using modern technology and a distribution capability using smart bank agents and branches.  The Bank uses GPRS as well as VSAT technology to ensure the affected are reached and cash is circulated. Equity Bank’s payment system in HSNP has proven to be effective, efficient and transparent. Equity Bank has also partnered with The Government of Kenya, the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) and the European Union (EU) to finance a new programme that will support smallholder farmers in the East African country to increase productivity and profitability. Orphans and Vulnerable Children Project (CT-OVC) – this is a partnership between the World Bank and the Kenyan Government to provide bi-monthly cash transfers to orphaned and vulnerable households in 47 Counties in Kenya using state-of-the-art biometric technology supported Smart Cards and a network of Agents with points-of-sale terminals. The smart card holds biometric details of the caregiver and an appointed secondary recipient where necessary. Equity Bank has used biometric technology to enable disbursement of the cash transfers in far remote places than Lodwar. Biometric Point of Sale (PoS) technology is being used where clients can easily be identified by use of their fingerprints. Equity Bank has contracted several retail outlets/vendors/ third-party agents countrywide to facilitate transactions to our clients. Equity Bank is the payments service provider to World Food Programme (WFP) in Rwanda delivering cash-based interventions to refugees. The bank has used multi-wallet smart cards to deliver cash from multi agencies and programmes to households in refugee camps creating an efficient and accountable model of intervention that comes with dignity and choice to the recipients.   You May Also Like First Lady receives honorary award for Beyond Zero initiative March 23, 2017 Rose Welimo Kisumu Governor Answers Back Political Critics February 9, 2017 Christine Muchira Students commemorate Garissa University terror attack April 3, 2016 Rose Welimo Trending Latest Popular Equity Bank wins Rescon humanitarian Resilience Impact Award By Christine Muchira/Release Equity Bank is a recipient of the Humanitarian Resilience Impact Award at this... Govt waives fees for title searches at land registries By PSCU Cabinet Thursday issued a directive waiving fees for land title searches. The Cabinet, chaired... Establishment of Nairobi Metropolitan Area Transport Authority approved By PSCU/ Beth Nyaga Cabinet has approved the creation of the Nairobi Metropolitan Area Transport Authority,... Garadget faces backlash after locking out irate user By BBC Technology The maker of an internet-enabled garage door device is facing a backlash after... Ubuntu ends Unity software unification project By BBC Technology Open source software platform Ubuntu has ended an ambitious six-year project called Unity... Mudavadi backs Raila as NASA flag bearer ( 1,303 )By Samson Kitavi In a fresh twist to the search for the National super alliance (NASA)... Lecturers' strike continues as govt fails to table new counter-offer ( 1,020 )By Kennedy Epalat/Christine Muchira As the Universities’ lecturers’ strike enters its 30th day, the Universities Academic... President Kenyatta's State of the Nation address speech ( 677 )SPEECH BY HIS EXCELLENCY HON. UHURU KENYATTA, C.G.H., PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF KENYA AND... Kenya launches M-Akiba Treasury bond ( 607 )By Judith Akolo Kenya has broken yet another glass ceiling with the launch of M-Akiba which... 10 Things You Didn't Know About Bedbugs ( 551 )By Woman'sDay  Learn the surprising truth about these pesky pests. The old rhyme "Good night, sleep tight,... Facebook Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar Twitter Twitter Tweets Twitter Tweets Powered By Weblizar Facebook Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar Useful Staff Mail Careers & Opportunities Tenders & Documents Contacts Copyright © 2017 KBC TV. All rights reserved.
Print   Email   Font Resize Healthy Living Health Department offers tips for 'Cooking on a Dime' Check unit prices, use bargain saving apps By Callie Jones Journal-Advocate news editor Posted:   04/05/2017 09:26:55 PM MDT Northeast Colorado Health Department Community Health Navigator Kathy Anderson, left, talks about the importance of checking prices on canned foods, while Jessa Hatch, public information officers, makes a pot of chili at the health department's presentation on "Cooking on a Dime" Tuesday, March 28, at Sterling Public Library's "It's Not Rocket Science" program. Joining them for the presentation was Penny Stumpf, health promotion and wellness manager. (Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-Advocate) Just because you're on a tight budget doesn't mean you can't have healthy meals. Jessa Hatch, public information officer, Kathy Anderson, community health navigator, and Penny Stumpf, health promotion and wellness manager, with the Northeast Colorado Health Department, gave a presentation on "Cooking on a Dime" at Sterling Public Library's It's Not Rocket Science program last week. Hatch and Anderson made up a batch of chili for the event because, they said, it's easy, you can feed a lot of people with it, it's cheap and it's healthy. "What I love about chili is you can add everything to it, and everyone makes it differently, and everyone has different sides," Hatch said. Jessa Hatch, public information officer for Northeast Colorado Health Department, holds up a bag filled with ingredients to make a cheap meal as guests at the department's "Cooking on a Dime" presentation try to guess how much the meal costs to make. The winner got to take home the bag of ingredients to make the meal for themselves. (Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-Advocate) Ingredients used in the chili included: One can of corn, one can of black beans, one can of kidney beans, one can of chili beans, one can of tomato sauce, one can of chili-ready tomatoes, one onion, one pound of beef and one package of chili seasoning. Total cost of the meal, which serves six to eight, was $11.17, about $1.86 per person for six servings. "You can't really go anywhere and get cheaper than that and the really nice thing, like Jessa said, is you have control of what you're putting in it," Anderson said. If you're trying to stretch your chili and make it go farther, or make it healthier for children who don't like to eat vegetables, Anderson recommended adding corn, celery, zucchini, diced peppers, etc. Advertisement Hatch recommended when shopping for canned foods, look for no salt added or lower sodium, because it's much healthier. Also, always look at the unit price on canned food, because while two cans of beans, for example, might be the same size, they are often different prices and if you're looking at a bigger versus smaller can, while the bigger can might seem like the better deal that's not always the case. They used a package of chili seasoning for the chili they made, because it was less supplies to bring with them, but Anderson encouraged people to buy bottles of individual spices and not the seasoning packets, because while you may have to pay a little bit more up front for the individual spices, they will last a whole year, so you will be able to use it for more than one meal, ultimately saving money. Plus, Hatch noted, a lot of times the seasoning packets have a lot of salt and added sodium. Additionally, Hatch recommended buying fruits and vegetables when they're in season, because prices tend to rise when they're not in season. Anderson talked about the benefit of making a meal at home versus eating out, because it's usually cheaper. If you buy a hamburger at a restaurant, for example, it will only feed one person, but if you buy one pound of ground beef at the store you can easily make four quarter pound hamburgers. You can also buy larger packages of beef and freeze all of it or part of it, to make it last longer. The U.S. Department of Agriculture offers several nutrition assistance resources such as MyPlate, Community Corner, Recipe Finder, and SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program). A USDA information sheet that was shared at the program, offers a number of tips for saving money when shopping for groceries. First, look at your resources. Know how much money you have to spend on food; make a shopping list based on the money you have; buy only the amounts of fresh foods you can use before it spoils; and consider frozen or shelf stable items that last longer. Before going to the grocery store, check what foods you already have. Once that's done, ask yourself: What meals and recipes can I make using the foods I have? Can I mix foods together to make a tasty and nutritious meal? Which foods do my family need for good health? Then, plan what recipes you will make using your list of foods and use other foods on your list, such as vegetables, fruits, and whole grains to complete the menu. Once you plan your menus, make a new list for missing foods you need to buy. Don't go shopping when you are hungry, so it's easier to stick to your shopping list. To get a good deal, you can use bargain saving apps such as Savings Catcher, a Wal-Mart app, or ibotta; use couponing apps and websites, such as bargainrate.blogspot.com; turn your receipt into cash with apps such as receipthog.com; or search newspapers and other places for local deals. Also, Anderson mentioned if you have a coupon for something and the store is out, ask for a rain check. "There are lots of good ways to save money if you're willing to look around," Hatch said. The next "It's Not Rocket Science" program, Tuesday, April 25, will be on cake decorating. Callie Jones: 970-526-9286, cjones@journal-advocate.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 7 - April 10 Today, April 7Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. SRM Community Blood Drive — 10 a.m. to 2 p.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Colorado Flatlanders support auto program Small Business Wellness Fair offers screenings for workers   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Amazon to hire 30K new part-time workers in 2017 Print Email Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 06, 2017 at 9:31 AM comments Amazon is set to expand its workforce by creating 30,000 part-time positions across the country in the next year. The company said 5,000 of those jobs will be part of its Virtual Customer Service, allowing people to work from home answering calls and chatting with patrons, Amazon said in a press release Thursday. The remaining 25,000 part-time jobs will be filled across the company's fulfillment centers. The company has more than 11,000 people working in its seven locations in the Garden State. Need a job? Here are 7 companies hiring thousands of N.J. workers Amazon did not specify whether any of New Jersey's centers would benefit from the additional jobs. The online retailer has been aggressively increasing its workforce across the country. Thursday's announcement is in addition to the plans announced by the company earlier this year when Amazon said it would create 100,000 jobs by mid-2018. Amazon was now reported to be worth twice as much as competitor Wal-Mart, according to CNBC. The company's market capitalization was worth about $430 billion, compared to Wal-Mart, which sat at about $220 billion. Rajeev Dhir may be reached at rdhir@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @googasmammoo. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. This is where the healthiest people in N.J. live N.J. residents spend more minutes in doctors' waiting rooms Alzheimer's expert offers healthy eating tips to reduce your risk MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Ex-student describes similar ‘friendship’ with teacher accused of kidnapping By Fox News View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 6, 2017 | 1:45am Modal Trigger Tad Cummins AP Originally Published By: Tennessee Amber Alert: New photos of ex-teacher, kidnapped student released Wife of teacher with Tennessee Amber Alert teen files for divorce A former student of a Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping another student and sparking an ongoing Amber Alert says she’s now haunted by similar “friendship” behavior she experienced from him years ago — and a love song he sang for her. Destany Parish, now 19, told People magazine that Tad Cummins was her teacher at Culleoka Unit School in 2011. She said she trusted him at the time amid ongoing difficulties at home when her parents divorced and she was left living with her grandparents. “I definitely think, on his end, it was more than a friendship – it’s hard not to think that now,” she said. “[With Cummins], I had somebody I could trust, and I couldn’t talk to my parents. I don’t show emotions with family – I shut them out emotionally. [My mother’ was just happy I had somebody I could trust and I could talk to about the divorce.” She added: “Whenever we were alone he would talk to me about how I was doing or try to give me advice on what I was going through.” Parrish said they would sit in his classroom and talk “about everything and anything” and she didn’t think anything wrong of the friendship until she heard Cummins allegedly abducted 15-year-old student Elizabeth Thomas last month. “He made me feel safe and he tried to do that with all of his students, so I never saw it as too weird,” she said. After hearing of Thomas’ disappearance with her former teacher, Parrish said she remembered a love song Cummins performed for her in the schools’ music room. Up until three weeks ago, she had not given much thought to the lyrics, which included this line: “I could swim for a thousand miles in the oceans inside your eyes and never reach the side.” “I definitely didn’t focus on the lyrics at the time. I kind of thought about it [later] but I didn’t think about anything bad, I didn’t process them because it was Tad, the person I trusted.” SEE ALSO Manhunt for teacher who allegedly kidnapped teen student 0:0 Cops are hunting for a high school teacher who allegedly... An arrest warrant has been issued for Cummins on charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual conduct with a minor. The claims stem from an incident in which the teacher allegedly kissed Thomas on Jan. 23, after which he was suspended from his job. He was fired after he and Thomas vanished. An Amber Alert was issued soon after. It was not only in the classroom that Parrish and Cummins spent time together. She sometimes attended church on Sundays with him and his wife, Jill, and would get lunch with them. “He was the one that everybody trusted,” Parrish said. “[Up until recently] I was in a lot of denial.” Parrish’s story is eerily similar to Thomas’, who also spent time with Cummins in and out of school. Thomas’ family previously told People magazine they believed Cummins used his time in school to “groom” the teenager by presenting himself as a confidant to students. “He built up a system where she was dependent on him,” Thomas’ father Anthony has said, adding that the teacher gave “her money, bought a microwave so she would heat food up in his room [and] try to get her out of trouble.” It's been a week, but we're not giving up hope. Stay vigilant, stay alert, and let us know if you spot these individuals or this vehicle. pic.twitter.com/jDACuW1iUg — TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 20, 2017 Last week, Tennessee officials released surveillance images obtained from a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Okla., showing Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas purchasing food with cash. In the statement, officials said the images captured on March 15 show that both Cummins and Thomas appeared to have dyed their hair. Officials have said the pair could potentially be in Mexico or further south. It’s unclear whether Thomas went with Cummins willingly. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on Fox News. Filed under amber alert ,  kidnapping ,  students ,  teachers ,  tennessee Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next This charming crooner is turning 107 — and loving every ... Read Next This charming crooner is turning 107 — and loving every ... Share Selection Trending Now in News 29,352 The shocking prank that mom says led son to hang himself 25,191 US unleashes dozens of missiles on Syria in response to chemical attack 21,556 Meet the 8-year-old girl raised by monkeys Now On Bronchitis forces Bon Jovi to postpone NYC shows DiCaprio not holding back with glitzy St-Tropez gala Off-stage drama between Gyllenhaal play and Rudin’s ‘1984’ SEE ALL Now On "I'll Bury You": Alec Baldwin's Underage Sex Scene Controversy Spills Onto Twitter SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Woman discovers she has HIV by Googling it Fresh evidence the Russia 'scandal' is a Team Obama operation People are fleeing New York at an alarming rate 'A night of erotic freedom' at NYC's most exclusive sex... Dad cradles dead twins after Syrian gas attack More Stories pagesix Harry Macklowe's wife 'holds all the cards' in $2 billion divorce Now On Decider Ann Coulter Breaks Her Silence On Jimmie Walker Romance Rumors nypost The shocking prank that mom says led son to hang himself New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
